[{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Moments VI","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11564425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As it has been an awfully long time since I last managed to publish something, I decided to go for another Shuffle Challenge as a little exercise (while still working on the story that has been in the making since bleeding April!) 1. Karl Jenkins: Save Me From Bloody Men (from \"The Armed Man: A Mass For Peace\") Marching, marching, marching. Had I ever done anything else than marching? I couldn't remember. I was tired, worn out, feet blistering, boots chafing, every inch of cloth upon my body drenched in sweat. And for what? I was sure we'd never win that war, it would never end. 2. Bruce Springsteen: Johnny 99 Sometimes, I wondered what had become of my old friend Billy. He had been a charmer, girls at his beck and call, but he had also been a bit of a troublemaker, getting into pub brawls and going on very stupid dares. He'd even been arrested once, for breaking into his uncle's house. I had refused to take part when he suggested one drunken night that he'd try to get into Uncle Jack's home and snatch a bottle of his best brandy for us to drink after the port bar had closed down. His mother almost died with embarrassment, and I was awfully embarrassed, too, when she lectured Billy and told him to take a leaf out of my book, for I would never do such stupid things. 3. Bonnie Bianco & Pierre Cosso: Stay \"You are my life\", Nell had written in the letter she gave me before I left for my long overseas trip. What a beautiful thing to say, and what a terrible thing! What a great responsibility this meant for me. Sometimes I almost felt it was too much. There were myriads of things that might happen, that might mean I would not return. What would she do then? Would she be able to cope? I told myself not to be stupid and not to sound like an old man. I would be back, of course, and then I would be there to stay. For the rest of my, of her, of our life. 4. The Waterboys: Mad As the Mist and Snow I ran across the fields in the howling wind, stumbling occasionally on the freshly turned earth. I knew I was not allowed to be here, and yet I was, running despite the cold air that stung my lungs, despite the fine chilly drizzle that began to fall. I wanted to run until I could run no more and then hide somewhere they couldn't find me. If they couldn't find me, they couldn't make me leave and move into that stupid old house of Dan's, far away from Grandma and Grandpa and the sea and everything I loved. I ran and screamed and felt a wetness on my face that I only later realized was not cold rain but bitter tears. 5. The Connells: '74-'75 Some days already begin in a way that clearly says you should have stayed in bed that morning. After spilling on myself at breakfast, almost falling on my face when I got off the bus, and realizing outside the door of the shop that I had forgotten my key, I got into an utterly silly and pointless row with Donnie. We hardly ever quarreled, but there was something about that wintrily cold day in April that got to both of us. Back home, I almost yelled at Evelyn, too, for having forgotten to buy groceries on her way home as she'd promised to do, but when I saw her face that spoke volumes about having had just as awful a day as I had, I decided to go easy on her. \"I'm glad things are good at home at least\", she sighed and gave me a heartfelt kiss. 6. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Piano Concerto #5 in D (K. 175) – 1st movement: Allegro We entered the park half an hour early. The traffic had been less troublesome than usual, so we had all the time in the world to find our seats. I was not too fond of classical music, to Evelyn's eternal chagrin, but Annie and Paul both had their mother's penchant for Mozart, so we had promised them to attend one of the park concerts in summer. They were both finely decked out in their best clothes, Paul in the little dark suit and bow tie we had bought him for the wedding of one of Evelyn's friends, Annie in a blue polka-dot dress with a white collar and white patent-leather shoes with low heels. She was utterly proud of them, her first heeled shoes ever. Rows of chairs had been put up on the circular lawn at the center of the small park, with all kinds of flowers lavishly blooming at the border of the lawn, and there were flaming torches here and there, creating a festive and somewhat mysterious atmosphere. We had a little stroll around the park before we took our seats to avoid Paul beginning to fidget before the concert had even started. He usually got ants in his pants quickly, but this time, I needn't have worried. From the first moment the orchestra arrived one by one, taking their places on the dais, he sat riveted. Even I could, for the first time, see Mozart's charm. 7. Bruce Springsteen: Harry's Place Harry's bar had become the centre of my world. Harry's jovial jokes, Joan's hearty cooking, the chats with the regulars, and of course, Rosie. I didn't miss home as much as I used to. I knew that time in my life was over, and I found that I didn't feel the slightest urge to go back there any more. Was this my home now? I wasn't sure if it really felt like home , but this dark, crowded bar with the upright piano at the rear wall and the closely spaced tables had surely become the place I belonged for the moment. 8. Mark Knopfler: Go, Love I didn't want her to go. For my own sake, I wanted her to stay. I never wanted to let her go again. But at the same time, I wanted her to go. I couldn't allow her to stay. If I consciously decided to risk my life by staying, it was my own decision. If she decided to stay, it would be more for me than anything else. I couldn't let her do that, so I tried to drive her away. I thought I had succeeded, until she showed up outside my radio shack. I surrendered for the moment, but when the shelling began, I had no choice but to make her leave. I left her on the boat with John and paddled back to the shore as quickly as I could, feeling like the greatest shit on earth, but at least she had a chance at getting back to safety now. That I never heard of her again was probably what I deserved for not letting her in on my plans. Maybe she had decided to go after all, to disappear from my life completely. I couldn't blame her. 9. Kings of Convenience: Live Long Annie and Evelyn were wading into the surf while I lay in the sand, having decided to skip the swimming because my leg was giving me trouble. I was content to watch them as Evelyn bent for a shell or something and Annie began to dance in the shallow water, whirling happily, squealing as she splashed herself and her mother, her coppery hair flying. There was nothing like a child's easy happiness by the seaside. 10. Roxette: Small Talk I've often heard people saying that a good marriage is all about talking. Yes, it is, in a way. Talking about the important things and the small, everyday things. Actually wanting to talk. I had never been much of a talker, but if there was one person I liked talking to, it was her. Maybe that was because she could just as comfortably sit in companionable silence with me as we could have long, deep conversations about pretty much everything. ","Summary":" As it has been an awfully long time since I last managed to publish something, I decided to go for "},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"You Better Not Cry","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11192555","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Conrad, Mick's young friend, and his little brother are looking forward to Christmas, as usual, but they will find that some things about that year's holiday will be rather unusual ... Somebody was whispering my name. Loudly. It sounds weird, but it is possible whisper loudly. I hate when someone does this, and I especially hate when my brother is the one. I tried not to listen and pretended to be still asleep and hoped he'd stop. \"Conrad! Wake up! Is it Christmas already?\" I didn't groan because that would have given me away, but in my head, I yelled at him that he was old enough to know he would have to sleep another night before it was Christmas, and, also in my head, I called him lots of things Mom would never have let me say aloud. \"Conrad! Hey, Conrad!\" I like my brother, I really do, and sometimes I even love him, but there are some things about him that I just cannot stand, even if I know I'm not supposed to say that because I'm five years older than him and so much bigger and wiser and everything. I often wish I wasn't because it means I always get the blame when we fight and he's about to lose and starts to howl and … \"CONRAD! WAKE UP!\" Suddenly, I was feeling terribly cold. I couldn't figure out why at first but then I realized that the little beast had snatched away my quilt. I snatched it back, sat up and began shouting at him in earnest, and some of those rude words somehow slipped in. He just stood and made that face that means he is about to start blubbering any moment, with his eyes very big and his lower lip pushed out. \"Oh, stop it, crybaby\", I told him scornfully. He screwed up his face and squeezed out some tears, which made me even angrier, so I gave him a shove. It was just one, and it wasn't hard, but he fell over anyway and banged his head on the nightstand, and of course he screamed like I had stuck him with a butcher's knife. Damn and blast, I thought. That's what Mr. Honeycutt next door keeps saying when he's mad, and I was pretty mad at Henry because I knew what was coming next. The door flew open. \"What on EARTH is going on in here? What's all that yelling and shouting, and who taught you all those words? Conrad! Answer me!\" He was pretty mad, too, for he didn't stutter one bit. Normally, he can hardly finish a sentence without stumbling on at least one word, but if he's really ticked off, he doesn't have any trouble speaking. Funny, somehow. But Dad really isn't funny at all when he's furious, and it surely wasn't funny that Henry got a bump on the back of his head after all, and that Mom was furious at me, too, and that they made me stay in my room all day while they did the tree. That was a real bummer. As both Mom and Dad are half German, we don't put up the tree in early December, like Ralph's and Jonny's and Walter's families do. We do it a day or two before Christmas Eve, like they do in Germany, and although it is always such an awfully long wait until then, I love when the day finally arrives, because it is such fun to put all the little lights and the shiny red baubles and the little wooden figures on the tree, and because it means that it really won't be long until Christmas. And now I didn't get to help because of my stupid brother. That was so typical. It's always like that. He starts it all, and then he gets away with it while I get in trouble. I was allowed to have breakfast with the others, but then they sent me back to my room. I sat on my bed, my knees pulled up to my chin, my back to the wall, my arms wrapped around my legs. I could hear them chattering and laughing in the sitting-room. Dad tried to whistle \"Jingle Bells\", and Henry giggled because Dad isn't very good at whistling. Then someone switched on the radio, and a children's choir sang \"We Wish You a Merry Christmas\". Merry Christmas, bah! I snorted angrily, hating them all, Mom and Dad and Henry and even those stupid warbling kids. Hating them so much that I half expected black smoke to come gushing out of my ears any minute. Normally, I don't mind being alone in our room. I actually enjoy having it to myself once in a while, with nobody disturbing me when I'm drawing or reading or putting together something complicated from the bits and pieces in my big construction kit. But I didn't feel like doing any of those things now. Why did Henry have to be so dumb? He knew exactly that I hated it when he woke me like that. Once again, it was all his fault, but he got to help do the tree and … It struck me that there was something else I was going to miss. When the tree was done, we always sat down for hot chocolate and a first taste of the cookies Mum had baked. They'd surely let me out by then. They would decide I had been punished enough and let me have a cup of chocolate, too. Or would they? After a while, someone clapped their hands in the sitting-room, and I heard Dad's voice, \"Now that's a v-very fine t-tree! Well done, everybody! Emma, I think it's t-time for the treats!\" My ears pricked up, and I waited eagerly for footsteps in the corridor. And waited. And waited. Nobody came for me. My eyes began to sting. I fought the feeling, for I'm ten years old and a big boy, and big boys don't cry. At least that's what they say. Sometimes they do cry after all, I noticed a moment later, horrified. As if everything wasn't bad enough already, I was blubbering just like Henry always did. I hoped nobody would come for me now and pressed my face into my pillow, just to be on the safe side. If somebody came, I'd just say I had fallen asleep. I really fell asleep after a while. It was the telephone that woke me. I was startled when I looked at my alarm clock and saw it was already past five. I didn't understand what Mum was saying into the phone, but she sounded worried, and then she came in and switched on the bedside lamp and sat on the edge of my bed. \"Conrad? Are you awake?\" she asked softly, and I nodded without looking at her. \"That was Aunt Cecilia calling\", she said. \"We've got bad news about your gran, I'm afraid. She had a bad fall this morning, and it seems that she's had a stroke.\" She hesitated for a moment. \"That means she's very ill, you know.\" I rolled my eyes a little, my face still turned to the wall. I knew what a stroke was. I wasn't a baby any more. \"I'll have to be with her, of course. Dad will drive me to the station in half an hour. Until he's back, you and Henry will stay at Mrs. Hudson's.\" I rolled over to look at her now and said, \"Mum … must we?\" I don't like Mrs. Hudson, and I don't like her house. It is old and musty and smells of cats and disgusting food. \"Can't we just stay here? Dad won't be away for long, will he?\" \"After what you did to your brother this morning? No, Conrad, I'm not leaving the two of you home alone. Dad will pick you up when he comes back, then you have supper together, and after that, both of you will go straight to bed without complaining, or else there won't be any gifts to unwrap tomorrow morning!\" Tomorrow … morning. Something dawned on me. \"Wait a minute, Mum – does that mean you won't be here for Christmas?\" Again, I got that prickly feeling in my eyes. Big boy and ten years and all … but Christmas isn't Christmas without all of the family around. I blinked several times, very rapidly, so that the prickling would go away. Mum looked at me with that now-don't-make-a-scene-and-be-sensible face and said she would be back as soon as she could. I sucked in my cheeks and said nothing. Dad went to get Henry, and they dropped us off at Mrs. Hudson's and were gone. Mrs. Hudson tried to be nice and offered us some very funny-looking biscuits from a chipped porcelain bowl. I said I didn't like sweets, and after I had repeated it twice, she finally seemed to believe me. And I really wasn't hungry now. Henry, greedy little pig that he is, grabbed two biscuits at once. He stuffed his face and began to munch in that squirrelly way he has, but his chewing slowed down almost immediately. His eyes popped, his cheeks bulged, and he made a funny little noise. I was glad that Mrs. Hudson had gone into the kitchen to make hot milk for us and couldn't see him. \"Henry, don't even think about … duh .\" He had jumped from his squishy armchair and spat it all into a big flowerpot from which an ugly rubber plant grew. He grinned at me as he climbed back into the chair. \" Henry\", I moaned. What if she saw the mess he had made? I was sure those biscuits had been disgusting, but why couldn't he just have gone outside? Why did he always have to be so hoggish? Mrs. Hudson came back with two steaming mugs on a tray painted with flowers and chirruped something silly. I only nodded at her and politely took one of the mugs, trying to smell the milk without her noticing. I was almost sure I would discover it had gone off if I tasted it. Seeing that I didn't want to talk to her, she turned to Henry and asked him how old he was. \"Five!\" he said proudly. As if that was something to be proud of. \"And I'll be six in June!\" \"Oooh, such a big boy already!\" I rolled my eyes, just a little bit. A sudden rattling noise startled me. I hoped nobody had seen me flinch and wondered what the dickens that was. Mrs. Hudson perked up. \"Dear me, the telephone! Who can that be?\" She scurried into the corridor, and the rattling stopped. I wanted to listen what she was saying and maybe try to guess who she was talking to, but of course Henry slurped his milk so loudly that I couldn't hear. I tried to shush him, but he only looked up from his mug with a white milky moustache above his lip and raised his mug again, slurping away. Mrs. Hudson came back with a false little shaky smile on her face. \"Boys, I'm afraid I have bad news.\" My heart began to beat very, very fast. Something dreadful had happened. The train had crashed when it entered the station. Or someone had shoved Mum onto the tracks and she got run over. Or there had be an accident with the car and they were both dead. Henry was sniffling. I felt I couldn't breathe properly and gasped for air. \"There, there, boys. We'll have a lovely little Christmas together, and you'll celebrate again when your parents are back.\" \"Huh?\" I realized I hadn't heard what she was actually saying, and she explained again that it had been Dad on the phone, saying he'd have to drive Mum all the way to Canberra because she had narrowly missed the last train. He said he would be back for Boxing Day, with or without Mum, depending on how Granny was doing by then, but for now we'd have to make do with Mrs. Hudson. Henry was doing his trembly-lip thing again, and this time, I could not hold back my tears either. \"Aww, I know that's sad\", Mrs. Hudson said, hugged Henry to her side and then strode over to the sofa where I sat, grabbed my head with both hands and pressed my face into her pale pink knit vest. I almost gagged because it smelled so awful, the way old people often smell, of cologne and powder and of being old, and her breath reeked of mints and something else, something sharp and repulsive, a bit like Dad smelled when he drank whiskey once in a while, but much stronger. For once, I was grateful to Henry for starting to bawl in earnest, because that meant she let go of me. I took a few deep breaths while she cuddled Henry, who willingly let her, and felt a tiny bit of relief when she said Dad had told her where he had hidden the spare key and we could go home after supper and then sleep in our own beds while she stayed over and Santa Claus brought the gifts. Yeah, sure . Dad had also told her where he'd hidden the pressies, was all. I knew there was no such thing as Santa Claus. I only kept my mouth shut about it for Henry's sake, or he'd never stop crying. Supper was awful, with burnt toast and Marmite and pickles that swam in a murky liquid, like they'd been put in there a hundred years ago. They tasted that way, too. I said I wasn't hungry and only had one piece of toast, although I hadn't eaten since breakfast and my stomach felt like a big painful hole. I decided that once we were home, I would sneak into the kitchen and have a good sandwich or two, with ham and cheese, and maybe one of those lovely ripe peaches. After we had helped her do the dishes, Mrs. Hudson took both of us by one hand and walked us home across the street. Of course, Ralph and Jonny came whizzing past on their bicycles the same moment, and they laughed their socks off when they saw us. Bloody idiots! It was almost eight o'clock meanwhile, and Mrs. Hudson sent us straight to bed. I grumbled, but she didn't relent. \"I promised your parents\" was all she said. Henry protested loudly when she wanted to follow him into the bathroom and brush his teeth for him. \"I can do that by myself!\" he said huffily and banged the door shut on her. Sometimes, Henry isn't that bad after all. We lay in our beds, both of us wide awake. It was still light outside, and we could hear people chatting and laughing in the Harrisons' garden. Henry and I didn't dare talk aloud because when Mrs. Hudson had heard us earlier, she had come in and told us to be quiet and sleep. Stupid old whiffy woman! I tried to read but I couldn't concentrate. Henry began banging the big head of his teddy bear against the wall, which usually got on my nerves, but somehow I didn't mind this time. He couldn't sleep, and he couldn't read yet, so he had nothing to do that wouldn't make a telltale noise. I closed the book and put it aside. My stomach rumbled loudly. \"Are you hungry, too?\" Henry whispered. \"Uh-huh.\" \"That food was yucky, wasn't it?\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"Do you think that was really Marmite, Conrad?\" \"Um … what else should it be?\" I frowned at him. \"Do you think it was maybe cat food? From a tin?\" \"Ewwww … no, I don't … well, I'm not so sure.\" I swallowed hard. \"I'm not so hungry now.\" \"But I'm hungry! Terribly hungry!\" Henry whispered urgently, and his stomach growled like a mighty lion. \"I haven't got anything to eat for you!\" I whispered back. \"I've eaten all the sweets I had hidden in the drawer. Darn!\" I punched my pillow and screwed up my face, thinking hard. I could have got up and tried to nick something from the kitchen, but that meant having to get past Mrs. Hudson, whom I'd told earlier I wasn't hungry at all. I said so to Henry, who suggested that we wait until she had to use the bathroom and then lock her up. \"Imagine her locked up in the loo, Conrad!\" He grinned gleefully. \"How d'you want to lock her up if the key's on the inside, stupid?\" I asked, and his face fell. \"And you don't want to imagine how mad she'll be when we let her back out. We can't leave her in there until Dad comes back, can we? And she'd tell him all about it, too!\" \"Hmmmm.\" Henry turned over on his stomach and propped himself up on his elbows, his face in his hands. \"She's in the sitting-room, listening to the radio. Maybe we can sneak into the corridor and phone someone quietly?\" \"And whom exactly do you want to phone, dumbhead? The police? 'Help, there's a mad old woman in our house who's making us stay in our beds'?\" I glared at him. \" Uncle Mick , of course!\" He looked at me as if it was most obvious thing on earth. And in fact, it was. Why hadn't I thought of that myself? I hated to admit it, but sometimes Henry really isn't all that stupid. Mick would help us, that much was sure. He's not our real uncle, although Henry likes to call him that. He's Dad's friend, and mine, and Henry's. He lives just a few streets over, and he's great. A lot greater than any of our real uncles. I got up and opened the door, careful not to make any noise. I was glad that Dad had greased the hinges just a few weeks ago. They'd used to make a horrible racket, and we wouldn't have stood a chance of remaining unnoticed. I peeked around the doorframe like the detective in my book. The corridor was empty. I could hear a woman screeching Joy to the World on the radio, and another, rather scratchy voice trying to sing along. I tiptoed along the runner and had almost reached the small table with the telephone on it when the sitting-room door opened. \"What are you up to, my lad?\" \"Oh, I … I just need to …\" I jerked a thumb at the bathroom door and writhed a little, the way you do when you need the loo very badly. \"Fine, but be quick about it!\" She clapped her hands and shooed me away. I didn't actually have to go, but I went into the bathroom anyway, locked the door and poured some of Mum's bubble bath down the toilet to make it sound real, in case she was listening, and I washed my hands, for the same reason. She was really waiting in the corridor when I came back out and quickly pulled one hand from the pocket of her apron dress as if she'd just hidden something in there. An idea struck me. \"Mrs. Hudson?\" I said in my nicest good-little-boy voice. \"What is it, boy?\" \"Mrs. Hudson, did you feed your cats before we came over? They must be awfully hungry if you didn't.\" \"Of course I fed Bob and Billy!\" she blustered. \"I always …\" Her eyes went all peculiar, and she stopped. \"Dear me, I forgot to give the poor things their dinner. Good heavens, they'll be starving. Poor babies. They always get their dinner at six o'clock. Always!\" \"Oh, poor laddies\", I said, as if I was really feeling sorry for them. \"Shall I go and …\" \"No, no, I'll quickly pop over. You go back to bed like a good boy. You go back to sleep, and I'll be back in a jiffy.\" I nodded solemnly and went back to our room. She hurried towards the front door without ever looking back, the radio still blaring. As soon as I had heard the door snapping shut, I dashed to the telephone and dialed Mick's number. It rang and rang and rang. My heart went all heavy. He wasn't home! Damn and blast! I went back into our room and grumbled at Henry, who looked at me expectantly, \"No one home.\" \"Crap\", he whispered. \"You can say that again\", I said. \"Crap! Crap! Crap!\" he cried and jumped out of bed. \"I'll go and get something to eat before she comes back.\" He disappeared and came back not much later with a tin of cookies, a big chunk of hard cheese and a jam jar. \"That doesn't really go together\", I snarled at him, but he didn't seem to care. He broke off a bit of cheese and dipped it into the strawberry jam. It looked disgusting, but no more disgusting than supper at Mrs. Hudson's. My stomach rumbled again, very loudly, and I sighed and said, \"C'mon, give me a piece.\" It didn't taste half bad, and we sat on the quilted rug between our beds and ate all the cheese and then half of the cookies with the rest of the jam. Henry burped contentedly when he was finished, climbed into his bed and began to snore softly not much later. With my stomach nicely full, I also fell asleep rather fast. I awoke in the pitch dark. My neck hurt because I had been sleeping in an awkward position, and I couldn't hear Henry breathe. Was he gone? Was he … dead? I felt terribly alone, without my parents, without my brother, with an awful old woman in our house, on a Christmas night that wouldn't be followed by a splendid festive day with my mum and dad and Henry and lots of presents and going to church together and then having a nice big roast for lunch. \"Henry?\" I whispered, very quietly. \"Henry?\" No answer. I wanted to get up, but I got tangled in the quilt, and one of my legs had fallen asleep. And it suddenly struck me that maybe it wasn't a good idea to get out of bed at all on such a black moonless night. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson wasn't an old woman after all. Perhaps she was a witch, or a vampire, or a vampire witch. Perhaps everyone but me had disappeared from the face of the earth, like it had happened in one of the books I'd read. Don't be silly, I told myself. That was just a children's story. Laughable, really. But still, I was cold and alone and afraid of so many things. That Granny would die. That my parents wouldn't come back. That I couldn't hear Henry because he had died in his sleep. That Christmas would never be beautiful again. That my parents would come back but be forever angry at me because I hadn't saved Henry from dying in his sleep. There was a tiny little snuffle in the dark. Henry's snuffle. He was here after all. That was one of the moments I loved my brother. Very much. So much that I began to cry and couldn't stop. I pressed my face into the pillow so nobody would hear me, but a big sob came out nevertheless, and then another, and another. Henry kept sleeping. If Mum was here, she would have heard me and come to see what was troubling me. Or Dad would. Mrs. Hudson didn't come. I wasn't sure if I would have wanted her to, honestly, but I felt so terribly, terribly lonely. Again, I must have cried myself to sleep because it was already quite light outside when I woke up. My alarm clock said seven thirty. Henry stirred and blinked and rubbed his eyes. \"It's morning! It's Christmas Day!\" he said and grinned. \"Shall we go and see if Santa was here?\" I said yes, but my heart wasn't really in it. I wondered what it would be like to unwrap our gifts with Mrs. Hudson watching. Henry clambered out of bed and scampered into the sitting-room. I followed him, but much slower. I wasn't looking forward to this Christmas any more. \"Conrad!\" Henry wailed. \"He wasn't here! There's no gifts! Not even a stocking!\" \" What?\" I poked my head around the door, and really, there was the tree, big and splendid and beautifully adorned, but the lights weren't on and there was nothing under it, nor was there as much as a baby sock hanging on the mantelpiece. \"Santa forgot about us!\" Fat tears ran down Henry's cheeks. I hugged him tightly, trying to comfort him, but I was disappointed, too. And angry. That old cow had forgotten to put the presents under the tree! And where was she after all? \"Don't cry, Henry. Perhaps Santa got delayed. Perhaps one of his reindeer fell ill, or the sleigh broke down, or he's had a heatstroke, with all the warm clothes he's wearing. Maybe he forgot how warm it is in Australia. We'll ask Mrs. Hudson if she's had any word from him, shall we?\" Henry nodded hesitantly. \"Mrs. Hudson?\" I called out. \"Mrs. Hudson! Where are you?\" No answer. We ran into all the rooms in the house, shouting her name, then we banged on the bathroom door and tore it open when nobody answered, but the room was empty, too. \"Maybe she's gone home to feed her silly cats again\", I said. \"She'll be back soon.\" \"I don't want to wait for her\", Henry sniffed. \"I want my pressies! I want to know if she's seen Santa Claus!\" \"Fine, then, we'll go\", I sighed. I didn't really want to go to her smelly old house again, but I felt sorry for Henry, and besides, I wanted to know where she had gone off to. \"Just let's put on our shoes first.\" We did that, and we also put on sweaters over our pajamas so people wouldn't wonder why we were outside in our night things. Henry's was inside out, but that didn't matter. I knocked on Mrs. Hudson's front door, but nobody answered. I tried the doorknob, and the door swung open. I didn't dare shout, but I said her name several times. Nothing. Henry began opening doors. The sitting-room was empty, as were the kitchen and the pantry. I wondered whether to knock on the bathroom door or not and had just decided not to give it a try, when a piercing scream startled me. \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHHH!\" My heart made a somersault in my chest. Henry stood frozen in doorway of the bedroom and was screaming his head off. \"Henry? Henry! What is it?\" \"AAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHH! CONRAD! SHE'S DEAD!\" I stuck my head around the door and saw Mrs. Hudson sprawled on a big bed. She wasn't moving. Her mouth hung open, and her skirt had ridden up and her ugly knees were showing. There were blue veins all over her legs. They looked like fat blue worms and made me want to throw up. She did look scary, but she certainly wasn't dead. I could see she was breathing. I told that to Henry, but it didn't stop him from crying on. There was a funny flat bottle next to her on the bedspread, half full with colourless stuff, and she smelled worse than ever. \"She's drunk!\" I whispered. I considered poking her to see if she'd wake up, but I didn't want to touch her, and I wasn't sure if I wanted to know how she'd react. Drunk people could be dangerous. At least that's what Mum says. \"Conrad, I don't want to be here\", Henry murmured. \"Me neither\", I growled. I took him by the hand and closed the door without making a sound. \"Come. We're going to Mick's.\" \"Oh yes!\" His eyes brightened, and the sniffling stopped. \"Uncle Mick will know what to do!\" \"Sssshhh.\" I put a finger to my lips. \"Don't make too much noise, and hurry, before she wakes up!\" I was awfully warm now, so I took off my brown sweater and wrapped it around my shoulders. We went out the back door, down the garden along the hedge and through the gap between two shrubs at the rear of the garden, then we took off running along the narrow path that ran between the gardens. Only when we rounded the corner into Mick's street, panting and puffing, I realized that there might be one big fat catch to my plans. What if he wasn't home at all? What if they hadn't answered the phone last night because had gone to visit some relatives, or away on a holiday? I bit my lip and kept my concerns to myself so Henry wouldn't be worried. He darted ahead and pressed the bell push, way too hard and way too long. I had just caught up with him on the doorstep and was still breathing heavily when the door opened. \"Aunt Evelyn!\" Henry cried and threw himself at her. \"You've got to help us!\" \"Henry! Conrad! What's wrong? What are you two doing here, all spent, and in your pajamas, too!\" Apparently, the sweaters didn't disguise as much as I had thought they would. \"Well, come on in before you explain what this is all about\", she went on, pushing Henry ahead of her into the hallway, and squeezed my shoulder in that kind way she had. \"Come, sit here.\" She removed a stack of magazines from the living-room sofa and said, \"It's probably not just me you want, is it?\" I shook my head and blushed because I felt a little bad about telling her that. Evelyn is very nice, and I didn't want her to think I didn't like her as much as I liked Mick. \"Mick's taking a shower, he'll be with us any minute. Want a drink?\" We nodded eagerly, and she went to get us something. I sat down on the sofa, and Henry climbed up onto its armrest, something that was strictly forbidden at home but never a problem at Mick's. I looked around the sitting-room, which was very lovely with high white doors that led into the garden and a cosy fireplace, but something didn't seem quite right to me … \"They haven't got a tree!\" Henry whispered loudly. I shrugged, as if it was nothing, but I, too, wondered why that was. Everybody I knew had a tree for Christmas! Maybe we could ask Mick about it later. Evelyn came back with two chilled glasses, and we both drank thirstily. \"Evelyn?\" Mick's voice called from the hallway, and a moment later he came in, tying the belt of his dressing-gown as he walked. \"Was that the door? Who …\" He looked around at us, and his eyes grew wide. \"Well now, what's that ? Why aren't you at home, opening your gifts and gorging yourselves with candy?\" His hair was wet and slicked back, which made him look funny, and you could see his false leg below the hem of his dressing gown. I tried not to stare at it, even though I found it strangely fascinating because it made me wonder how it felt to walk with such a thing. He looked down at it, too. \"I guess I should get dressed properly, huh?\" \"Please stay here. I don't mind your wooden leg, Uncle Mick\", Henry said. I wanted to scold him, but Mick just laughed, his weird little chuckling Mick laugh. \"That's settled, then. Very good. I'm dying to hear what the … what on earth you are doing here!\" He sat on the sofa next to us and pulled the dressing-gown in place over his knees. I told them about Granny falling ill and Mum wanting to take the train and missing it and Dad having to drive her, and about the horrible Mrs. Hudson lying in her bed, drunk as a skunk, and about our Christmas morning without a single gift. They listened without interrupting me. \"So it's two young refugees we've got here?\" Mick said when I was finished and shot me a little wink. \"What's regufees?\" Henry asked. \"People running away from something bad\", I told him. \"Like us.\" \"So, what shall we do now?\" Evelyn chimed in. \"I mean, you're very welcome to stay with us until your mum and dad are back, but we should make sure Mrs. Hudson is alright. And maybe she'll know something about your … about Santa's missed visit. I'll give her a ring and try to sort things out.\" I didn't put much trust in Mrs. Hudson about the presents. She'd probably have forgotten all about them. But maybe Evelyn would really manage to sort things out. She was a clever woman, after all, very much so. An academic, Mum called her, which I guessed was something good, even if it didn't sound like a compliment the way Mum said it. Evelyn got up from her armchair and went to make her phone call, and Henry moved closer to Mick and whispered, \"Mick? Can we have something to eat?\" \"Sure you can. Did that woman starve you?\" \"No, but she gave us cat food to eat\", Henry said earnestly. \"She didn't!\" Mick frowned in a very hilarious way. Henry nodded yes, she did. \"I bet we can find something better than cat food. Shall we have a look around the kitchen? Are you hungry, too, Conrad?\" \"Like a wolf!\" We stormed into the kitchen, and Mick followed us a little slower. He can walk very well with his false leg, but not too fast. We were busy spreading butter and jam and honey on toast, and Mick was making scrambled eggs, when Evelyn came back. She looked puzzled, and I wasn't sure if that was good or bad. \"What did she say?\" I asked. \"She's not answering\", she said. \"I tried three times.\" \"Perhaps she's still sleeping. Or perhaps she's on the potty\", Henry cackled. \"Perhaps she got stuck there.\" I rolled my eyes and said, \"Not funny.\" \"Try again in ten minutes\", Mick suggested. \"If she still doesn't answer, maybe someone should go check on her.\" Evelyn tried again later, while the rest of us were tucking into our breakfast. This time, she was lucky, but Mrs. Hudson was \"in quite some state\", Evelyn said. \"She yelled at me to leave her alone, and she couldn't seem to remember that she had been asked to stay the night at your house. She said there had been some kids visiting her earlier, but they had gone away, and she had gone home to feed the cats and had a glass of wine and fell asleep.\" She shook her head so that her red curls were flying. \"A glass of wine!\" She snorted. \"A bottle, more like, and certainly not just wine! Incredible, that woman getting drunk instead of looking after the kids. Just imagine what could have happened!\" \"Don't get all worked up, Evelyn. After all, we know nothing bad happened, and I guess we've done our duty by making sure that … woman is still alive. Better not think about her any more. Now, how do you guys want to spend your day?\" Mick asked us. Nobody had ever asked me how I wanted to spend Christmas Day. I had always assumed that everybody did the same – unwrap the gifts, go to church, have a big lunch, invite aunts and uncles and grandparents and cousins, if you had any. Mick and Evelyn didn't have any guests, nor was Evelyn preparing a huge meal or did they seem to be in a hurry to leave for church. There were no wrapped presents to be seen anywhere, and they didn't even have a tree. Not quite sure what people did on Christmas Day if they didn't do the usual things, I didn't reply. Henry was looking at me expectantly with big eyes. When I said nothing, he blurted out, \"Do all the things you do at Christmas, of course! Get our pressies and go to church and eat turkey and all that. But I guess there'll be no pressies because Mrs. Hudson wasn't there to tell Santa where to leave them.\" Evelyn laughed and said the turkey would be a problem because she hadn't bought one, but the rest should be all right. \"Oh … and Conrad, can we have a quick word in private?\" She winked at me over Henry's head, and I followed her outside, wondering what she was up to. She closed the door carefully behind her. In a loud whisper, which I funnily didn't mind at all coming from her, she let me in on her plans. We would go back to our house and let ourselves in with the spare key so we could change out of our pajamas. And then, while Mick took us to church, she would stay behind and put the gifts under the tree. \"That is, if you have the faintest idea where I might find them. Have you?\" I grinned and nodded, thinking of the top shelf of Mummy's wardrobe where she always hides our pressies. A warm little shiver ran down my back as I shared my secret with Evelyn, and all of a sudden, the idea of a Christmas that was a little different didn't seem all that bad any more. In fact, with Mick and Evelyn, there would surely be quite a bit of good in it. ","Summary":" Conrad, Mick's young friend, and his little brother are looking forward to Christmas, as usual, but"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Moments V","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11104165","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1. Wir sind Helden: Wütend genug Shouldn't I be angry, people keep asking me, shouldn't I be ranting and raving and cursing my fate? They don't understand if I respond with a simple question. \"Why?\" They look at me like I was out of my mind. \"But you lost your leg, you had to give up your home and your work and your dreams!\" Sure I did, and I certainly did my share of ranting and raving and cursing my fate, I'm not a saint who serenely accepts whatever life has thrown his way. But that was long ago. I've outgrown that. Mostly, at least. There are some days when I wish things had taken a different turn. I'm still no saint, of course. More often than that, I am thankful for all that I got instead. My love. My kids. My life as it is. 2. Jefferson Airplane: Volunteers They are going to war again, that country that I should rightfully call home. I haven't got any hard feelings about the USA, after all I spent a happy childhood there, and it's not the fault of the States that my youth was not all that happy. But I don't understand why they are once more sending young men to a faraway country to fight and die, or be shot and crippled, and I admire those who take to the streets in protest. 3. Loreena McKennitt: The Star of the County Down The piper had drawn a little crowd gathering at the edge of the fair in the village square, mostly awed children. Nell took my hand and dragged me over there, too, smiling happily. \"Isn't that lovely?\" she said. I nodded and smiled back at her, but my smile froze when I recognized the tune. It was not one of the upbeat Breton dances he had been playing earlier, it was an Irish folk song that catapulted me back across the ocean, back into a dark, smoky bar, back to a curvaceous young singer with shiny black hair. It had been one of Rosie's favourites, back when we were still going strong, before she had betrayed me. 4. Bruce Springsteen: Buffalo Gals Jess squealed with glee as I spun her round and round, singing along with me, making up nonsense words when she lost track of the lyrics, and I laughed because she looked so adorable, trying to keep the song going but losing my lines myself at some point. \"… we dance by the light of the moon\", a sweet voice chimed in. I looked around and found Mom standing in the doorway with a big smile on her face. She had always been a good singer, but I hadn't heard her sing often after my father had died. Hardly ever, in fact. 5. Rattle The Boards: St Patrick Was a Gentleman \"Grandpa, let it be\", I giggled. \"You just can't sing!\" \"I can't sing?\" He gave me a hurt look that I knew he was faking, and I laughed all the more for it. \"No, you can't! Let Grandma do the singing!\" \"That boy says I can't sing. Listen to that!\" He defiantly broke into another scratchy rendition of his old folk song, his voice wandering wildly through the high and low notes. Grandma smacked him with her dish towel and said, \"That boy is quite right, John Walsh. Leave the singing to him and me. Care to sing a bit with me, Mickey love?\" \"Of course!\" Together, we finished the song at the top of our voices while Grandpa sat by and shook his head in laughing defeat. 6. Wir sind Helden: Alles \"Stop feeling sorry for yourself, Mick\", Grandma told me firmly. I was sitting on the threshold of the back door again as I had done so often lately, my head on my knees, staring moodily into emptiness. \"It has been three weeks now, and you know you can't mope around forever. People are already asking what's the matter with you – all that just because of a girl? She'll be back for her next holiday after all. You've still got all of your life ahead of you, so don't whine about a few months of separation!\" 7. Madonna: American Pie I recalled that scene by the back door many years later, lying on my back in a lawn chair outside the rehab facility, trying to relax in the sun that was slowly gaining strength as spring turned into summer and trying to forget why I was here. How silly I had been, to think that the world was ending just because Eliza had gone back home to Boston and wouldn't be around for the next months. And how glad I would be if all my current worries came down to missing a girl. I was missing a woman, more than I could say, but that was only part of the problem. How naïve I had been then, how hopeful, what a silly dreamer with my head in the clouds! It had been such a wonderful time in retrospect, blissfully carefree, with health and the promise of happiness in abundance. I should have lived my life to its fullest then instead of pining for a girl who'd leave me in the end. 8. The Avett Brothers: Pretty Girl From Michigan \"Were you ever unhappily in love, Dad?\" Annie looked up at me, her eyes red and eyelashes spiky from crying. \"Before you met Mum?\" \"Oh, yes, Annie, I was\", I said wistfully, not quite ready to elaborate on the subject. \"It's something we all have go through sooner or later, I guess.\" I wiped her tears away with the heel of my hand, and she sniffled thankfully. \"I guess so, too. I only wish it wouldn't hurt so much!\" 9. Karan Casey: Black Is the Colour \"What did make you fall in love with Daddy?\" Annie asked with interest and bit heartily into her apple. \"At first it was probably that he was so totally different from everyone else around. He didn't care what people thought of him, he spoke his mind where other people tiptoed politely around a tricky subject, and he challenged me, saying I wouldn't last long on that island. I'm not quite sure if I didn't hate him a little bit at that moment. \"And then we got to know each other better, and I started to love all the little things about him. His eyes, his mouth, his voice, the way he squinted, the way he walked, and the way his hair curled around his ears and collar and kept sticking up everywhere when he took of that old hat he used to wear all the time. I even loved those awful cigarettes he smoked because he had this habit of dangling them from the corner of his mouth that looked so incredibly sexy, if you don't mind me saying this about your father.\" \"Wow.\" Annie nodded, impressed. 10 . Elvis Presley: Love Me Tender I felt her move beneath me, moaning pleasurably, her fair skin golden and beautiful in the lamplight. Her eyes had been closed but she opened them now, fixating me with a mellow loving gaze. \"I love you\", I whispered hoarsely. \"You have no idea just how much I love you.\" \"Oh, I think I do\", she replied and grabbed my neck, pulling me close for a deep, deep kiss. ","Summary":" 1. Wir sind Helden: Wütend genug Shouldn't I be angry, people keep asking me, shouldn't I be rantin"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Home for Christmas","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12273467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After a long break aka writer's block, my desire to whip up a little Christmas offering got the creative juices flowing again. A wonderful holiday season to y'all! She was walking down Pitt Street, bustling with people in the heat, and getting rather annoyed by the masses of folks on the move. Even the glitter and sparkle of the Christmas decorations that she usually liked grated on her today. Unnerved by the crowd, she turned into a side street and followed it until she emerged in a quieter part of the city where the shops were smaller and less expensive and the decorations less flashy. She passed a little grocery store with a striped awning that shadowed a big trestle table laden with crates of fruit and vegetables. Across the road was a bakery with a long queue inside that snaked almost up to the glass door. She was surprised how patiently people were waiting to be served, a nice change from the mad hurry downtown. She heaved a deep sigh as she stopped to look around for a flower shop or some other place to buy a gift for the sister-in-law she hardly knew. It was her first Christmas back home, but she did not look forward to it a lot, for it was also the first Christmas that she was single again. Personally, she knew that splitting up with Jack had been the right thing to do. In fact, what else could she possibly have done after she'd found out he was screwing his secretary? Stay, put on a brave face and turn a blind eye, like so many other unhappy wives did for fear of losing the family's sole breadwinner? That they had never had any kids, something that Jack had always bemoaned a lot more than she had, turned out to be a good thing in the end, as it made her decision easier. She had not been afraid of having to provide for herself. She had always worked since she had left school, and she had deeply hated the fact that Jack had wanted her to stay at home because he was so proud that his salary was good enough to sustain two, and in style, too. So now things were basically better than before. She was free again, and she was home again, she had an okay job and a nice enough apartment and no one to order her around, but to her family, the separation and ongoing divorce was a big disaster and Amelia a poor little wronged creature to be coddled and pitied and fussed over endlessly. She knew they meant well, but she could hardly stand their pity and their righteous rage on her behalf. That Jackson was an arsehole was nothing she didn't know herself, and she would have preferred to get over it and go on with her life, telling people that she had \"lost\" her husband but that she was alright and didn't want to talk about what had happened. She had been secretly fantasizing about spending Christmas Day on her own in the apartment which had just begun to feel like her own after she had finally managed to unpack all the boxes and even put up a little artificial tree, but of course her family would have none of that, and she had consequently been invited to celebrate Christmas Day at Greg and Molly's and to spend a couple of days at her parents' farm after that. A bit further down the road, she glimpsed a shop window filled with elaborate flower arrangements and potted plants decorated with Christmassy ornaments and decided to buy a present for Molly there. Just as she stepped to the curb to cross the street, the bakery door opened, setting off the tinny jangling of small bells, and a man and a girl appeared. She was a cheeky little thing, not cute in that awful, simpering doll-like way, but charming and lively with her chestnut curls and big curious eyes, chattering eagerly while her dad listened with earnest patience. She smiled. The scene reminded her of herself and her own father. As the middle child of five and the only girl, he had never explicitly favoured her but had surely had a soft spot for his daughter. At second glance, she realized that it was not only her own sweet father-and-daughter memories that the two of them had evoked. She believed she knew this man. She stopped dead in her tracks between two parked cars and waved apologetically at the driver of the European saloon who had slowed down to let her cross and now obviously wondered why the heck she didn't move. She cast another look across the road. Yes, it was him. Her eyes grew misty, and her mind travelled back a good ten years, back to when she had known him and many other young men like him – back to when she had been a nurse in the military hospital in Brisbane. There had been the jokers and the shameless flirts, the grumpy and the bitter ones, the whiners and the stoic sufferers, and some poor sods too sick and weak to complain. Each of her patients more or less fitted into one of these categories, and faces and names started to blur into each other as the war dragged on month after miserable month and a steadily changing mass of wounded soldiers kept pouring in. Still there had been a few who stood out and whom she still remembered clearly after all these years. There had been Clarkson, the historian and writer. She had forgotten his first name, but she could still hear him asking for more and more writing materials so he could commit his personal wartime experience to paper as long as events were still fresh in his memory and the details still exact. He had been an ugly figure at first glance, with sharp features and unkempt lank hair of indefinable colour that he wore as long as rules would permit, but he had a lovely, somewhat distracted smile and a wry, witty sense of humour. He had even written her a poem of thanks before he had been discharged. She must still have it somewhere, tucked away with the other wartime memorabilia like her nurse's uniform and a small photo album. There had been Peter Gillis, who had been about to enter the Boston seminary to become a priest when a friend persuaded him to enlist. He had lost a hand and sight in one eye to an exploding grenade and bore his fate with a serene resignation that had impressed her. He had said he believed that it had been God's will and that he was sure He had plans with him, whatever they were. He had not been sanctimonious or self-righteous as men who feel they have a special calling often are, and Amelia had hoped he would stick with his career plans despite the injuries he had suffered. The likes of him were the kind of priests the world needed, she had used to think. But Gillis had said he wanted to live life to its fullest now that he had miraculously survived this carnage, and that he'd also be able to do good, and maybe even more of it, in a different profession. As far as she knew, he had married his old girlfriend in the end and become a counseling psychologist or whatever they called it, working, among other things, with war veterans. And, above all, there had been Carpenter. Mick Carpenter was the one she thought about the most even after all this time. His background had been quite unusual – a Maine fisherman turned sailor turned South Sea pearl diver with a researcher-writer girlfriend who had become something of a celebrity when her book about the natives in a tiny Pacific island climbed to the top of various best-seller lists. She wondered if he had married the woman in the end, after their post-war reunion she herself had helped bring about. He had been a tall and well-built man, muscular but not ridiculously so, with unruly black hair cut rather short and parted on the side, which gave him a bit of a schoolboyish appearance despite the sprinkles of grey that began to appear around the temples. He had also had a special kind of face, striking, chiseled cheekbones and those large green eyes that always bore a hint of an infinite sadness hidden deep within. He had been very polite and thankfully appreciative of any small favour, but he had remained distant and reticent until, one day, she had found him in a windowed nook in the corridor, leaning his forehead against the pane of the window he had been trying in vain to wrest open, struggling to keep his balance on the crutches he had not yet got used to. His twitching shoulders had betrayed that he was crying. The sight of this big man weeping had broken her heart and made her feel like an intruder. She had wanted to sneak away, for she had been sure he would hate being seen like this, but her rubber soles had squeaked on the linoleum floor, and he had looked up involuntarily. This had been the beginning of a bond between them that Sister Rafferty would never have condoned. They had always made sure to be very careful not to make formidable Raffles suspicious, and their clandestine conspiracies had remained undetected and finally developed into a real friendship. Amelia had been his sole confidante, as he had no family and had lost touch with his beloved, too, and she had tried to guide him through his darkest valleys, helped him find his lovely lady again and set him up with Mrs. Cunningham when he had been looking for a place to stay after getting out of hospital. And every Boxing Day since 1945, she had remembered him particularly, for a reason. Amelia had hardly rung the doorbell when the gleaming red front door was flung open and a dainty woman in her sixties, impeccably attired in an old-fashioned, high-necked dress with a little lacy collar, beamed at her. \" Miss Heffernan! How nice to see you!\" she called out. \"It is still Miss Heffernan, isn't it?\" \" Oh, yes, it is, Mrs. Cunningham\", Amelia laughed. \"I haven't found a man to marry since we spoke on the phone last week. How are you doing?\" \" As good as it gets with Johnny gone\", Mrs. Cunningham answered, her eyes darkening for a split second. \"I'm glad to have your young corporal around now, so I'm not alone in the house. He's not much of a talker, but it's a pleasure to have him nevertheless, he's such a nice and well-mannered person.\" \" Yes, he's a lovely fellow\", Amelia replied gently. The little smile playing around her lips as she spoke did not escape Mrs. Cunningham's keen eye, and she asked slyly, \"Say, Miss Heffernan, are you sure you haven't got yourself a fiancé after all?\" \" No, Mrs. Cunningham\", Amelia chuckled. \"I've got no time for a husband. Mick, uh, Corporal Carpenter is just a … a patient who became a … kind of friend. It's great that you were able to accommodate him now that Nicky's moved out. He needed to get out of the hospital pretty badly.\" \" Lucky boy, Nicky, with the war ending before he was old enough to get drafted\", Mrs. Cunningham said. \"Bad enough the other two got hurt, but well, I'm glad they survived. How's Greg's knee coming along? And Tommy's eye?\" \" The knee's making fine progress now, looks like he should be back to normal in a few months' time. But you know Greg, he's ever so impatient and bored to death and keeps grousing that he still can't play his sports. Tommy's eye is not too good, I'm afraid. The doctor doubts he'll ever be able to distinguish more than light and dark again. He's rather cool about it, though, says he's still got the other one to see all the important details of a pretty girl.\" Amelia's somber face belied her joking tone when she spoke of her brothers' injuries, although she knew from all the maimed servicemen she'd encountered in her ward over the course of the war that things could have been a lot worse than a damaged eye and a bashed-up knee. But still it was different if the young man returning home from hospital wearing an eye patch or a leg brace was of your own flesh and blood. \" Oh, I miss that Heffernan humour\", Mrs. Cunningham said wistfully. \"Those boys always managed to see the funny side of things. We used to laugh so much together, no matter if it was Greg or Tom or Nicky I had around. I wish I could get your Corporal Carpenter to laugh once in a while. He seems to take his injury, or life in general, pretty hard. He's always looking so earnest, and a little sad, too. Do you know what happened to him?\" Amelia hesitated. It didn't feel right to elaborate on his background and his story without his consent, so she said cautiously, \"Only that his leg had to be amputated after a rather harmless wound went bad. It was a close call at the time, and he sometimes made me think he'd have preferred to …\" She couldn't bring herself to say it and hastily went on, \"Well, never mind. I'm on my way to visit a friend, and I thought I'd look in on the two of you as a belated Christmas surprise.\" \" What a lovely idea. Your young man isn't here, though. He was a little … indisposed this morning and went off to the beach again to get a breath of fresh air. Go and see if you can find him and cheer him up a bit. We can have a cup of tea together afterwards. Now run. I know you can't wait to …\" \" He's not my young man, Mrs. Cunningham!\" Amelia interjected in mock exasperation before she left to follow the road that led down to the sea. She searched the long sandy beach for the familiar tall figure on crutches, but he was nowhere to be seen. Surely she couldn't have overlooked him on the strangely empty beach? She wondered idly why none of the people from this sleepy little town went swimming on such a splendid summer day while she strode across the sand down to the waterline. If I lived here, I'd be on the beach any chance I got, she thought. Having grown up on a large farm way inland, the sea never ceased to fascinate her. She shielded her eyes against the sun with one hand, the wind playing softly with her hair, and looked up and down the beach once again, up to where the strip of sand bent out of sight. He wouldn't have walked that far, or would he? Turning around, she spied a flat rocky promontory that formed the northern edge of the little bay. Nobody there either. Perhaps he had not gone down to the beach after all. He could have gone anywhere. Quite disheartened, she decided to walk back to Mrs. Cunningham's. She didn't actually feel like a chat and a cuppa with the old lady now, but waiting there for him would be the only chance she had if she wanted to see him today. After all, that had been the real reason why she had made the little detour to drop by the old lady's place on her way to Theresa's. As she drew nearer to the rocky ledge, she realized with a small shock that what she had taken for large pieces of driftwood washed up at the foot of the rocks was actually a pair of crutches. She hurried over, heart racing. There was also a bundle of discarded clothing. Her hand was shaking slightly as she picked up a navy cotton shirt, a little washed out around the seams. Underneath, she found a single brown loafer. She drew a sharp breath. Carpenter himself was nowhere to be seen, not on land, not in the water. Where could he have gone off to, without his crutches? Her fingers dug into the sturdy fabric of the shirt as a sinking feeling grabbed hold of her, a chilling, dreadful certainty. He had tried again. \" Damn you, Carpenter\", she muttered under her breath and, squinting, frantically scanned the waves, not yet ready to give up hope against better knowledge, still clutching at the blue shirt. Nothing. She kicked off her shoes, threw the shirt aside and ran. She plowed through the shallows, water splashing up to drench her skirt, and yelled his name in a frenzied high-pitched voice among the loud rush of the waves, cursing him wildly in between. \" I didn't save your fucking life just for you to throw it away after all, you idiot!\" she cried out with tears spilling from her eyes. A seagull's shrill cry echoed her screams, making her want to hit it with a large rock. She actually looked around the ground for something to fling at the bird, and as she straightened up to search the waves once more, not quite ready to concede it would be fruitless, she detected a small black spot bobbing on the blue-green waters, way out there. She ran further into the surf, jumping back when a large wave came rushing at her and left her wet from head to toe nevertheless as it broke. By the time she had wiped her face halfway dry and pushed strands of dripping hair from her face, the little speck had come closer, now recognizably the back of a dark-haired man's head, and she could also make out broad shoulders and a pair of arms parting the water in a slow but steady rhythm. She felt so weak in the knees that she sat down there and then. Her dress was sodden anyway. \" Damn you, Carpenter\", she said again, with a hysterical giggle, tears streaming freely down her cheeks. \"Damn you to hell!\" She tried to get up but could not find her feet with all the turmoil going on inside her, although she knew she must not let him see her like that, soaked and weepy and behaving like she'd lost her mind. Eventually she did manage to scramble to her feet and hastily stumbled away, wringing water from her hair and skirt, heading straight for her boarding house instead of returning to Mrs. Cunningham's because she didn't want her to see in what state she was in either, and because she didn't want to give Mrs. Cunningham the triumph of finding that what she had so rightly suspected and Amelia had so hotly denied was true after all. She was in love with him. It had been the moment that she helped him tuck up his empty trouser leg one morning before he grudgingly joined his comrades for the Purple Heart ceremony in the hospital gardens. He had turned his head to look at her with his big sad eyes, telling her wordlessly just how little he cared about this medal, and she, strangely, had admitted to herself for the first time that she was physically attracted to this man despite his missing leg and his tortured soul, had sensed this little ache deep down, this desire to make his life good again and to repair his shattered world and grow old with him. It was foolish, it was embarrassing, it was impossible, but it was true. She had kept a firm lid on her emotions and never breathed a word to anyone. She knew that nothing would ever come out of it. She knew she was behaving like a schoolgirl. She knew that he might even be angry with her if he ever found out, what with his desperate feelings for his adventurous researcher lady, and even if he had been free, he would probably not have chosen plain, unexciting Amelia, the girl who was born to be a sensible, humorous, reliable sidekick forever and would never be the dazzling beauty who got the prince in the end. But still she couldn't help it, not even now that he was gone from the hospital. More mortified than ever, she hurried back to Miss Latham's boarding house, glad nobody had seen her with her dress clinging wetly to her body and her hair plastered to her skull, and she had fled from the town the next morning without ever turning back. When Jackson Fielding asked her out one day not much later, she had been glad about the distraction, and in the end, she had hooked up with him just because he was there and might help her get over her childish crush on Carpenter. The marriage, however, had been bound to fail. They had hardly known each other when she followed him to the States. She had missed home badly, hated staying at home instead of working, took little pleasure in life in general, and the one time she had dared write to Carpenter, Jack had confiscated the air-mail envelope from Australia that held his reply and tossed it into the fire before she'd had a chance to read more than the return address. Again and again, she found herself comparing Jack's faults to what she thought Carpenter would have done in his stead, and in the end, it had almost been a relief when she had found out Jack's hours and hours of overtime in fact consisted of bonking Marla Simmonds on the conference-room table, which in turn meant that she, finally, had a reason to leave. Amelia swallowed and blinked hard, forcing herself back into the here and now. What had felt like an eternity, swept up in the wild rush of old memories and not-so-old feelings, could only have been a second or two, for he was still there, walking down the steps outside the bakery. He moved with a noticeable limp, and she could now see the cane he was holding with his right hand, but he was walking on two feet, and quite well, too, with this darling little chatterbox bouncing along merrily by his side, carrying a large paper bag that was no doubt full of holiday treats. The girl was looking up at her handsome dad as he negotiated the last step, and he smiled at her with loving indulgence before he let her feed him the last of the slice of apple pie she had been munching on. He looked smashing, tanned and healthy, and, most of all, happy. She wondered with just the tiniest pang in her chest if the girl was the daughter of his researcher or if he had got over her and married someone else. From behind Amelia, a slender woman in a green dress appeared, a baby boy on her arm, nodded a friendly greeting and looked around, searching. The little girl called out from the other side of the street. \"Daddy, look, there's Mommy! And Paul!\" Amelia recognized the woman, whose hair gleamed in the sun like burnished copper, a split second before the little girl's dad gave a melodious shout. \"Evelyn! Over here!\" Amelia smiled to herself and was surprised she didn't feel any jealousy. She stood and watched as the red-haired woman ruffled the girl's hair and explained something to her before the foursome disappeared, the man's broad back and swaying gait the last she saw of them, along with the wave and the smile the little girl inexplicably gave her before they turned the corner. ","Summary":" After a long break aka writer's block, my desire to whip up a little Christmas offering got the cre"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Sink Or Swim","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9282601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After the almost miraculous reunion with Evelyn, Mick is wondering what he wants his future to be. The only thing he knows is that he wants to get out of the hospital at last and that he needs some time to think. It is not a spoiler to say that the sea will play an important role in this. So this story's title song is \"The Ocean and Me\" by Sophie Zelmani. It's the ocean and me We're the ones to be I always fall asleep Beside the sea And we've got a certain way How it wakes me every day I never know though With what kind of wave And you know about oceans How brutally it can rush Drown you or calmly caress you With a gentle touch Sometimes I bring my boat When I believe it'll let me float It's just that I'm so often Returning soaked The ocean has you Has the waves of you And I've never felt a sea So blue December 31, 1945 The first moment I opened my eyes, my body tangled in the covers and my mind caught up in the aftermath of a terrible dream I couldn't remember now, I had no idea where I was. Not at the hospital, for sure, with nobody else breathing or coughing or moaning in the room and the bedclothes, printed with pink and pale blue flowers, giving off a faint scent of lavender. Bright sunlight was filtering in through drawn curtains, the thin pink rose-patterned fabric fluttering softly with a light wind. Pink roses? I wondered, and it dawned on me who it was that loved those floral patterns and had decorated the room with an abundance of roses and lilies and leaves all over the bed and armchair and curtains and as good as anything else - most prominently, the horrible wallpaper. Apart from her unfortunate taste for all things flowery, however, my landlady, Mrs. Cunningham, was an affable elderly widow, and the room that would be mine for a while might be small and cluttered, but it was clean and quiet and so delightfully private after the two years I had spent sharing all kinds of sleeping quarters, if we had any worth mentioning, with a bunch of other men. There was a large window facing southwest which I usually kept open to let in the summer's glorious sunlight and the odd tender sea breeze, and the ocean was within easy walking distance even for a cripple like me who still got tired far too quickly. The encounter in the train station a couple of weeks ago still felt like some surreal dream, although the very fact that I was still here and not aboard a ship back to the good old U.S. of A. was proof enough that it had really happened. The prospect of a less-than-exciting desk job to fill my days and either a crowd of soldiers or just a bottle of something to keep me company in the evenings had become entirely insupportable after my plan to attend Evelyn's reading and sneak off unseen at the end had gone so totally and wonderfully astray. The morning after I had so embarrassingly succumbed to what must have been a migraine headache, I had blinked into an unfamiliar room in the early morning light, not unlike the way I'd woken up in my new lodgings a few moments ago. I had been utterly disoriented and puzzled until the connecting door opened and she walked in, wearing the same cream-coloured sweater and tan pants she'd worn the evening before, now wrinkled from the night she'd spent on the sofa as not to intrude on the privacy I needed so desperately. I felt rather guilty when I saw she wasn't looking particularly well-rested, but still I was glad she'd left me alone for the night. It was bad enough that there was no concealing the extent of my injury and my clumsy, awkward way of moving. I had to admit, even though I hated myself for it, that I could not have stood having her see or touch my severed leg or even brush it unconsciously in her sleep. It was clear enough without these physical reminders that I was no longer the man I had once been. So, when she asked me the next morning to come and live with her in the apartment she had in a suburb of Sydney, I was unable to say yes immediately, no matter how much my heart wanted me to. She took it very calmly and said it was fine if I needed to bide my time about the decision. \"All I'll say is that what happened to you hasn't changed a thing for me. I still love you, and I still want to live with you, very much so. But it's you who must decide, it is your life after all. I'm not going to push you one way or the other.\" A few kisses and a small breakfast later, I was on my way back to the hospital, my head spinning with the sheer improbability of it all and the unresolved question of what it was that I actually wanted. It wasn't the Atlantic City job and it wasn't any other kind of dull occupation behind some desk or counter. It certainly wasn't people treating me like I'd lost half my brain and not just half my leg. Nor did I fancy turning into an old man before my time, becoming bitter in my feelings and rigid in my views, deprived of my physical ability and unable to allow anyone to get close to me, numbed and jaded from leading a joyless, solitary life that had been stripped of all promise and happiness. No, I wanted to catch up with everything I had missed in my life so far and to leave the dark shadows of the past behind, even if I had no idea how to accomplish that. I wanted to laugh and love and live again , and I wanted to be happy. Yet I doubted all that would ever be mine. It had never been when I was still whole, so how could it be now that I had no job and no home and a disability rendering most of what I would have loved to be or do difficult or even impossible? I took my time, weighed the pros and cons ceaselessly during pensive days and sleepless nights. The week before Christmas, I received a telegram from Lieutenant Chertreux who wanted to know when I would be fit enough to finally come to Atlantic City and take up my new position. I was still insecure about how to answer Evelyn's questions, but the utter repulsion I felt at the thought of taking that ship to the States sealed part of my decision, and I telephoned Chertreux to say that my personal situation had changed and I needed to stay here for the time being. Understandably, he was not very thrilled that I bowed out after I had kept him waiting for so long, but his anger hardly touched me. I knew I had done the right thing. I was free. Whatever that meant. Free to pick up the pieces of my broken life and to see if there was a way to put them back together? I had no idea where to start now that I had freed myself from a job I had not wanted in the first place – even if it was a job that would have been all one could want to somebody with a more pragmatic mind than mine, a secure government job that would also have included board and lodging. Maybe I was crazy to throw that opportunity away to face an uncertain future. Having cut the ties that would have guaranteed me a safe existence, albeit predictable and boring, my own boldness scared me, and I leaned against the wall outside the nurses' station where I had gone to make my phone call, trying to grasp what I had just done. Amelia approached, pushing a trolley stacked with dirty dishes. She paused to ask, \"You okay?\" \"No idea\", I replied laconically. When she didn't go away and kept sharp, questioning eyes trained at me, I finally told her. \"Bravo, Carpenter\", she said, her voice dripping with biting irony. \"That was pretty fast. It only took you a full week to find out you don't actually want to dole out army supplies in the U.S. now that you've found your sweetheart is here. But better late than never, I guess. Now when's the wedding going to be?\" \" Amelia\", I groaned. \"Nobody's getting married. I haven't even decided yet if I …\" \"Oh, yes, you have. Don't tell me otherwise. Yes, I know you keep saying it's not possible because you've got that little handicap and you think that means you're not good enough for her any more. Can't you see that's nothing but a huge load of crap, Carpenter! Why don't you finally understand that a missing leg doesn't make you any less lovable?\" \"But there's so much I can't do, Amelia. So much has changed. She really deserves better than …\" \"Than what? A man who loves her? A man she loves?\" \"Everything's always quite simple in your happy little world, isn't it?\" I snapped at her with a sudden rush of rage. \"What good is a man who loves her but cannot even make a living? The only things I know anything about are fishing and boats and pearl-diving. Great fields of expertise for half a man.\" I scowled derisively. \"Do you always have to paint everything as black as you possibly can?\" she retorted, high colour staining her cheeks. \"Sure, I can imagine your life feels rather shitty right now, but you haven't lost your brains, or your hands, for heaven's sake, there's plenty you can actually do! You just need a bit more time to think and decide, but believe me, there are jobs for guys like you, and they're not all about sitting in some dreary office, pushing papers. Just keep your eyes open and give some things a try, and above all, stop thinking you don't deserve to be happy!\" A strand of hair had fallen across her cheek during her irate rant, and she swept it behind her ear with an angry flick of her hand, gripping the handle of her trolley forcibly while she pinned me down with another piercing glare. I couldn't do more than stare back at her, breathing hard. There was nothing soft in her brown eyes when she finally shook her head at my muteness and walked off stiff-backed, the rubber wheels of the trolley squeaking on the linoleum floor. My blood was boiling. It was easy for her to accuse me of being too pessimistic. She didn't have to live with the sudden loss of all she'd held dear and all the ramifications of a life-changing injury, and she had a large, close-knit family to fall back upon when times did get rough for her. Although I doubted they ever would. With a scornful snort, I pushed away from the wall and went outside to calm down, hiding away in the farthest corner of the gardens until a gentle summer dusk began to fall. But in the end, I had to concede grudgingly that she had not been completely wrong. My main problem was that I had never seriously considered any profession that didn't build mainly on my physical strength and ability. I had always wanted to work outdoors, preferably at sea, had loved working as a fisherman and sailor before I took up the pearl trade. The latter had been all I'd ever wanted in a job – a bit of an adventure every time I plunged into the clear depths of the tropical waters to bring up the pearls I'd sort and sell later, a perfect occupation that granted me independence and a small income, held me accountable only to myself, and allowed me to be out on or in or by the sea virtually all the time. I had never wasted a thought on what other way I could possibly earn my bread. I hadn't thought I'd have to any time before I'd turn sixty, or older. I hadn't reckoned there would be a war, destroying my home, my health, my hopes and plans. But maybe Amelia was right and I was taking too dark a view of my life. Maybe I just needed some more time to see what possibilities I might still have despite my newly limited scope of action and to make up my mind about my future. And as I slowly walked back to the hospital building, trying to put off the moment I had to step back inside, into the stuffy air of the dreary institutional corridor, another thing became crystal clear: I needed to get out of here, rather sooner than later, and do my soul-searching elsewhere. A change of scene might help raise my spirits, and perhaps I'd manage to come up with a decision by the time Evelyn's tour was finished in late January. Once more, it was Amelia who came up with a good idea from her seemingly inexhaustible treasure trove of practical advice. Three of her brothers had by turns stayed with an elderly widow in a tiny town on the outskirts of Brisbane while they had attended some training courses in the city. Amelia thought Mrs. Cunningham might be well inclined to let her spare bedroom to me. All it took was a telegram and a phone call to agree on the formalities. The price asked was more than reasonable, the location sounded rather nice, and I left the hospital the day before Christmas Eve. Amelia went to the station with me, insisting that she carry the bag that held my sparse belongings. \"Take care, Carpenter\", she said when the train had pulled up beside the platform. \"And behave yourself. I don't want to hear any complaints from Mrs. C.\" She lifted an ironic eyebrow. \"You take care, too\", I said earnestly. \"Keep in touch, will you?\" \"Of course I will. Someone's gotta look after you until your lovely lady is back, and kick you in the butt when you start feeling sorry for yourself again. Oh, and before you go …\" She set down my bag, looked up at me with a wan little smile and treated me to a heartfelt sisterly hug, adding a peck on the cheek after a moment's hesitation. \"Safe travels, Corporal.\" Balancing precariously on one crutch and my good leg, I raised a hand to salute her before I got on the train to find a seat amid all the folks traveling home for Christmas. Having arrived at my new dwelling, I was not unhappy to find that Mrs. Cunningham was not only a quiet, unobtrusive person who didn't ask too many questions but also just as glad to ignore the upcoming holiday as I was. She apologized to me for not doing anything in particular to mark the occasion, saying she couldn't bear the memories it conjured up, memories of the husband she'd lost in the first and the son she'd lost in the second World War. As for me, I hadn't felt any desire to celebrate in more than a decade, not since Grandma's death, and Evelyn was too far away, with her aunt and her sister in Sydney, to make the trip back for just a couple of days before her tour continued. Truth be told, I had not wanted her to abandon the plans she had made long before I reappeared. She would have been more than happy to have me around for Christmas, saying it wouldn't be much of a family feast anyway with only an ailing elderly aunt and her unmarried sister attending, but I had just not felt up to meeting her folks yet, and she had reluctantly, unwillingly agreed to leave me to myself. So there was only one special thing about December 25, 1945, and it had nothing to do with Christmas. It was the day I saw the sea again for the first time since I had crossed the then-dangerous Pacific waters aboard a crowded hospital ship. Mrs. Cunningham had served a rich breakfast and offered to keep me company if I wished her to, but I declined politely, declaring I wanted to take a walk, or rather to practice a bit of that slow hobbling about that passed for a walk now. She didn't mind my desire to be left alone and only nodded with genuine sympathy when I said I needed some fresh air and a bit of exercise. I heard the sea before I saw it. Mrs. Cunningham's little house was situated quite close to the beach, and the rush of the waves was faintly audible the moment I stepped outside on this quiet, warm day. I forced myself to cover the short distance down the street and around the corner at a slow pace, prolonging the peculiar feeling of anticipation prickling in my stomach. Wasn't it ridiculous to feel so excited at the mere prospect of coming back to the sea, a sight that used to be as common to me as brown fertile soil to a farmer or downtown pavements to a city dweller? But still, when I turned the corner, I held my breath, stopping in my tracks to take it all in. A crescent of pale yellow sand stretched ahead of me, sloping ever so slightly towards the water that lapped gently at its edge, the ocean a vast glittering canvas boasting the richest emerald green and sapphire blue and all the hues in between. The beach was deserted. Small wonder. Nobody would go sunbathing at noontime on Christmas Day. All the better, though. I hadn't been keen on curious eyes checking out that solitary stranger. I ventured further and found that walking the beach wasn't quite as tricky as I had feared it would be. The ground was dry and hard, and my crutches sank in a little but not so much that it would have bothered me as I made my way along the broad golden strip of sand to where it narrowed down and curved back on itself. There, beneath a cluster of palm trees, I cast the cumbersome crutches aside and dropped carelessly into the fine sand. The freshly healed incision in my thigh flared up sharply with the impact, but I didn't dwell on it. After all, I was by the ocean again after such a long time, with a warm summer breeze that tempered the sun's heat pleasantly. I simply lay there for a while, cooling off with my head in the shade of the palms, hands folded beneath my head, inhaling the salty tang in the air, listening as the waves sang their age-old song, a cigarette stuck, forgotten and unlit, in the corner of my mouth, entertaining the momentary illusion that I was back where I belonged. After a while, I took off my shoe to dig my toes into the warm sand, savouring the old familiar feeling of the tiny smooth grains clinging to my skin. How often had I done this absent-mindedly with both my feet, never wasting a thought on it? It is true: You don't know what you've got until it's gone. A bitter rush of emotion swept over me that very moment. Sure, I was back by the sea, but what good did it actually do? It didn't help make any decisions about my future or make all my troubles go away. It only served to make me see all that was past, all that I wouldn't, couldn't do any more. It conjured up painfully beautiful recollections of jobs I had held, of people I had met, of things and places I had been fond of, the women I had loved, and of the man I had been then, vigorous and healthy and totally unaware of what a great gift that was. I had taken it all for granted when I, of all people, should have known from experience just how quickly things could change, how easily things and places and loved ones could be lost. Yes, it was lovely to be on a sunny beach after such a long time, but it hurt that all I was unable to do more than drag myself along for a few hundred yards and think dark thoughts. I remained lying on my back motionlessly, sometimes staring into the spotless blue sky, sometimes dozing a little, until I eventually picked myself up and trudged back home, unhappy that this excursion to the seashore had not been the success I had imagined, not the boost my tired spirits needed so badly. Quite the opposite, in fact. Still, some masochistic urge drove me to return in the evening of this very day. I had stuffed a small flask of brandy into my pocket before I left the house, a little Christmas gift to myself. I sat down in the sand somewhat more cautiously than I had before because my leg ached a bit, morosely staring at the eternal swell and dip of the waves, getting entirely lost in my fruitless loops of thought. Only when I almost fell over, I realized I had been trying absent-mindedly to cross my legs like I used to do often when I sorted my pearls. Hastily, terribly mortified, I made sure that nobody had seen me. Actually forgetting for the shortest while that my right leg had been gone for almost half a year now made me feel like a complete idiot. A deep crushing sadness took hold of me as I watched the sun sink lower and lower above the sparkling surface of the ocean. It was a beautiful sight, but it failed to touch me as it would have before the war. I pulled out my little bottle of brandy and slowly unscrewed the top, took a good swig and enjoyed the warm prickly feeling as it ran down my throat, a simple bit of comfort at this time when everything seemed to get too much and I couldn't think straight and clear enough to make a decision. By the time the sun had gone down completely, the flask was half empty and that unbearable sadness still there. I missed my old life so much, and I missed Evelyn so much, yet I still could not give her a definite answer, which in turn made me hate myself even more. I knew I could not tarry forever, and I vowed to find a way to end this misery. But not right now. I was too drowsy, and it was all I could do not to stumble as the ground seemed so sway a bit with every step I took. There was still tomorrow. December 25/26, 1945 I made an embarrassingly big entrance when I came back from my late-night outing, walking even more unsteadily than usual with half a pint of brandy in my system. I had almost made it safely to my room without alerting Mrs. Cunningham to my not-so-presentable state when, just outside my door, one of the crutches connected with the corner of a low wooden table that carried a huge, ugly porcelain vase holding a bunch of dried flowers. There was no chance I could have prevented the thing from toppling over and smashing on the wooden floor with a tremendous noise. No fifteen seconds later, Mrs. Cunningham popped out of her bedroom, a plaid shawl wrapped over her frilly nightgown. \"Goodness me, Corporal! What happened? Are you hurt?\" \"No, I'm okay\", I said wearily, trying hard not to slur my speech. \"That … that vase isn't, though. It's beyond repair, I guess. I'm sorry.\" \"Don't you worry. It wasn't valuable, and I didn't particularly like it anyway. I've got another that will go there.\" She frowned and looked at me warily. \"Are you sure you're alright?\" I bit back the sarcastic remark on the tip of my tongue that I certainly wasn't alright and didn't know if I'd ever be. Instead, I settled for the polite version. \"I am, Mrs. Cunningham. Just a little tired.\" I made to scrape the pieces of the vase together with the tip of a crutch, which didn't amount to much, and then tried using my foot instead, which sent me tumbling against the wall, catching myself just so. \"Careful, Corporal! Leave those shards, I'll take care of them.\" When I didn't react immediately, she added in a motherly tone, \"You go and have a good night's sleep.\" Defeated, I retreated into the privacy of my room. That was what I had come to, having old ladies pick up after me because I couldn't do it myself, or keeled over if I tried. I didn't bother to undress before I crept between the sheets. All I did was remove my shoe and fling it into a corner of the room to vent my anger, hoping belatedly it wouldn't destroy another of Mrs. Cunningham's knickknacks. Luckily, it didn't. . . . . . . . . . . I woke up late the next morning, plagued by that slight nauseous dizziness that feels almost as awful as a full-blown hangover. My back was cramped from sleeping in an awkward position, and I felt grubby and hot in the shirt and pants I still had on. I sat up quickly – too quickly, for it made my head spin madly. I squeezed my eyes shut, groaning, waiting for it to pass. Careful not to move too fast now, I got rid of my whiffy shirt and wrinkled pants, washed thoroughly and brushed my teeth to dispel the evil aftertaste of too much booze. Thus cleaned up, I felt almost human again, if still disgusted at myself for getting plastered and sleeping in my clothes and generally for being on the verge of reiterating my old pattern of blocking out anything that troubled me by either working or drinking like crazy, or a combination of both. Working wasn't much of an option right now, and I had also better be cautious about hitting the bottle if I didn't want to end up the hopeless drunken failure I'd sworn I'd never be. I definitely needed to get a grip on myself. Wondering just how to achieve that, I suddenly remembered a bit of what Lieutenant Chertreux had said in his futile attempt at cheering me up after the ceremony in the hospital gardens. You can do most anything you want to do. Exercise. Swim. Drive a car. Swim. I had dismissed the idea as laughable at the time, but why not give it a try now that I had the sea right at my door? I guessed I would at least manage not to drown. And if I did, so be it. After a small breakfast, I went back to my room and got out those old dark shorts I'd thought I'd never put on again. They were actually long enough to cover up my mangled leg completely, so it wouldn't make much of a difference if I wore those or my usual tucked-up trousers. If I should encounter someone en route to the ocean, I'd get stared at one way or the other. I needn't have worried. The beach was deserted as ever when I arrived. Without any spectators, I left my crutches and my shoe and shirt at a safe distance from the waterline and, holding on to a conveniently low rocky ledge that jutted tongue-like into the sea, made my way down to the foamy edge of the ocean. There, I sat down on the rocks for a short pause, the water swirling enticingly around the base of the ledge. The waves licking at my foot were fresh and pleasant in the searing heat, and I got up again, ventured further with the rocks for support until deeper water welcomed me and I finally lost my grounding, gladly pushed off from the ledge and immersed myself fully in the water. At first, I simply allowed the sea to carry me away, drifting aimlessly, leaving myself to the gentle play of the rolling waves, savouring their cool caress on my skin, realizing just how much I had missed this. Floating weightlessly, I was almost able to forget that there was something wrong with me. After a while, I began to swim in earnest, moving along instinctively, doing what felt right without thinking much about it, eventually working out the best way to compensate the missing leg and to find a good balance in the water. I grew bolder then and tried diving. I didn't go very deep, but it was marvellous to hold my breath and sink beneath the waves, passing through the slanted luminous triangles the sunlight formed below the surface to create a silently wondrous world down there, not unlike the waters around the reefs in the Trobriands that I had known like the back of my hand. I would have loved to stay in the water all day long, but my muscles were beginning to ache after a while, so I started back towards the shore, feeling wonderfully refreshed and pleasantly tired and a lot more hopeful when I climbed out of the water and lay down atop the rocks to dry off in the sun. So the water was still my element after all. Maybe there was some rightful hope of claiming back some of the other important parts of my old life, too. Maybe there were more things I was still able to do than I would have thought. If my swimming days were not entirely over, who knew what else might be feasible despite my disability. Doing things differently, less easily maybe and less deftly but doing them nevertheless, was better than doing nothing at all. Suddenly, I felt that I did want to go on and see what life had in store for me, and, very slowly, I was beginning to trust, just a little bit, that something good might come out of my losing that leg. Who knew if I had ever found Evelyn otherwise? I closed my eyes and felt a little involuntary smile tug at my lips. I hadn't been at ease like that for a very long time. Yes, I wanted to live life to its fullest. And I thought I had my answer for Evelyn now. December 31, 1945 I rose from bed and splashed my face with cold water to wake up fully and to rinse off the remnants of the depressing dream. I recalled some bits of it now. I had been in Cleveland train station again, hunched over the crutches, weak and shaky, and I had seen Evelyn approach in her grey suit and heeled shoes, exactly as she had been on the day we met, but she did not hurry over when she glimpsed me. She remained where she was, while I crumpled to the ground under her indifferent gaze, without making an impact, without making a sound, without any pain or feeling, just sinking down on the cold wet concrete of the platform, and she simply turned and walked off, never looking back. I was so tired of all those nightmares, but I figured they'd never go away. There was just too much I had seen, too many bad things etched forever into my brain. Making some new, good memories might help, I told myself wryly, without quite believing it really would. But a few good things had come my way since the fateful fight in the jungle that had ended life as I knew it. Amelia's steadfast friendship. Chertreux's generous job offer. My room at Mrs. Cunningham's, with the sea close at hand. Finding I was still able to swim rather fine. And Evelyn. She could well have reacted the way she had in my dream, or turned away from me after the first elation of our chance meeting had abated. Instead, she had embraced what was left of me without as much as batting an eyelid and invited me to share her home and her life. I wasn't convinced that she was aware of what exactly she would be getting herself into, but she seemed to be serious about it. She had phoned me at Mrs. Cunningham's when she was back from her aunt's on Boxing Day and had promised to ring me again some time on New Year's Eve, when there would be another little break in her tour through the southern suburbs of Sydney. Despite my wish to be with her, I still occasionally doubted that we really had a future together, not sure how things would play out, but I was nevertheless looking forward to her call. Happy anticipation tickled me from inside like a smitten schoolboy while I got dressed. There wasn't much of my modest prewar wardrobe left, but I treasured the few items that had survived – the old navy shorts, two pairs of casual khaki pants and half a dozen rather well-worn colourful shirts. Nothing fancy, but my own. I had never cared a lot about clothes, but it made for a nice change to be out of the army-issue stuff I'd been wearing for the last two years. Mrs. Cunningham, for her part, had been disappointed when I first appeared in those old khakis, fitting a lot more loosely now than they should have anyway, and a floppy blue shirt, untucked, with the three top buttons undone. However, she had been quick to agree that there was no need to play the dashing soldier any more with the war over. \"If this is what you prefer wearing and you feel more comfortable this way, it'll certainly help with your recovery\", she had said, adding a little wistfully, \"But … you did look great in that uniform.\" What on earth was it with women and their adoration for men in uniforms? I was glad to be shot of mine for good, and it was with a certain relish that I threw aside even my lightweight cotton shirt that late morning when the sun got all too scorching. Normally, I would have gone swimming, as I had done every day since discovering that it was still possible. Today, however, I didn't want to miss Evelyn's call, so I stayed on the sundeck behind the house. Mrs. Cunningham had gone out for some grocery shopping, and I thoroughly enjoyed having the house and small garden to myself. It almost felt like being on vacation, lounging in a deckchair with a silly but entertaining mystery novel and the glass of cool homemade lemonade my considerate landlady had brought me before she left. I must have dozed off with the book face down on my bare chest and started up when I heard Mrs. Cunningham call my name. Assuming I had failed to hear the telephone ring, I laid my book on the small wicker table and, bending to pick up the crutches, shouted, \"Coming!\" \"No, no, stay where you are\", Mrs. Cunningham chirped cheerfully from the back door. \"Here's a young lady come to see you.\" I rose nevertheless. Remaining seated while greeting a visitor would have made me feel even more invalid. How lovely of Amelia to look in on me again. She had dropped by a few days earlier to see how I was doing, and I liked the prospect of chatting with her for a bit while I waited for the desired phone call. But the figure emerging from the shadowy doorway behind Mrs. Cunningham wasn't Amelia. Both of us cried out at the same moment. \"Mick!\" \" Evelyn!\" We laughed involuntarily, and Evelyn, so pretty in white linen pants and a sleeveless olive-green top, strode over and hugged me tightly, pressing her cheek firmly against my chest before she straightened up to kiss me. I inhaled the scent of her hair and brushed the top of her head with my lips, murmuring into the auburn waves, \"What are you doing here?\" \"I've come to see how you are getting along\", she replied, planting a kiss on my collarbone. \"And to collect my answer.\" She stepped back for a moment and studied me. A smile lit up her face. \"You're looking … incredible.\" \"Is that good or bad?\" I asked wryly. Evelyn's reply was a long deep kiss. From the corner of my eye, I saw Mrs. Cunningham retreating discreetly. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I took her down to the seashore, and we sat in the sand for a long time, not talking much, just content to be in each other's company. When I asked why she wasn't way down the coast, following her tour schedule, she said she had cancelled a couple of readings, citing unspecified \"family reasons\". \"Bert was furious, as you can imagine, but I couldn't just not come and see you. I couldn't possibly wait until the tour was over. I felt bad enough that we didn't spend Christmas together.\" \"Don't worry about Christmas. I haven't celebrated in more than a decade.\" \"When was the last time you did?\" \"That must have been back in '30, I think … yes, that was the last Christmas with my family. My mother died not long after, and that was about it with my family life. Except for my grandparents, of course, but we didn't do anything fancy for the holiday after my mother ... was gone.\" \"Your grandparents ... are they still …\" Her voice trailed off when she met my gaze. \"No\", I said matter-of-factly. \"I … have no family any more.\" \"That's what I thought\", she said instead of launching into wordy declarations of sympathy, and I loved her all the more for it. We spent most of the day by the sea, but I didn't go swimming. I didn't want to undress in front of her, and I was glad I had not chosen my shorts this morning, although the khakis I wore were too warm for the weather. I had rolled up my left trouser leg to the knee for a little more comfort, while the right one remained pinned up neatly to keep entirely out of sight what I didn't want her to see just yet. Or rather, never at all. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I had expected her to take her leave after the dinner Mrs. Cunningham had served for the three of us, but she surprised me again when she stayed on, telling me she had rented a room at a boarding house in town because she wanted to us to see in the new year together and spend a few days with me before she'd go back to do the rest of her tour. So we returned to the beach as the sun was setting. Evelyn had changed into a navy blue dress, a white cardigan draped over her shoulders. I felt a little shabby next to her in my old pants and faded crimson shirt, but the only smart clothing I owned right now was my dress uniform, which would have been totally out of place. Besides, I knew she didn't actually mind my outfit. She wasn't that superficial. On our the way to the sea, her hand came to rest in the small of my back from time to time - the closest we could get to walking hand in hand at this point. Inwardly, I cursed those darned crutches, vowing I'd take up training with a prosthetic leg again as soon as I got the chance. I wanted to hold hands with her as we took a stroll, wanted to be able to pull her close to me without having to fear I'd lose my balance. The sand was still warm from the sunny day when we sat down to watch the sun slip away in a fiery halo, gorgeously mirrored in the ocean. She put her arm around me and laid her head on my shoulder, while my arm came around her back, my hand resting on her hip. It felt like it was just the two of us in the world. Alone beneath a vast dome of darkest blue upon which star after star appeared now, filling the sky with pinprick-sized sparkling dots. A pale yellow moon hung there, distant and mysterious, as time seemed to stand still. Having her near me, holding her close, felt so right that I suddenly wondered why I had taken so much time about my decision. I had tried to be rational, taking her career and the life she was used to into account, throwing my fears and misgivings, my pride and my wish to make it by myself into the scales, but, to be honest, I had known the final answer all along, in my heart at least. I still was not ready to admit that I might require any practical help with my everyday life. I was sure I could have managed on my own, had it been necessary. I didn't need to rely on anybody to get on. What I craved, what I had sorely missed, was something else. Her presence, her touch, her support, and, above all, her love. I had nevertheless avoided addressing her unspoken question all day long, hesitant to cross that threshold, to take the daring step. The very moment I was about to speak, she turned her wrist into the moonlight and squinted at her elegant little wristwatch. \"Five to twelve\", she said quietly and rummaged in the large bag she'd been carrying along. \"Here.\" She gave me a bottle of beer and opened one for herself. \"I thought we should have something to toast the New Year with.\" We waited silently until the minute hand had moved to the top of the dial. \"Happy New Year, my love.\" She kissed me on the lips before she raised her bottle and said, \"To 1946, whatever it brings. May it be a good year.\" \"It can't get much worse than the last one\", I said ironically, clinking my bottle against hers. \"For me, that is. I don't know how good it will be for you with a grumpy invalid under your feet.\" She frowned for a moment with a puzzled expression until the meaning sank in and she cried out, \"So you mean you really want to …\" \"Yes, Evelyn. Yes, I do.\" ","Summary":" After the almost miraculous reunion with Evelyn, Mick is wondering what he wants his future to be. "},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Family Ties","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8353400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nell isn't sure how her family is going to take the news about her and Mick, while their relationship gently starts to blossom in the summertime. The soundtrack is one of my personal favourite love songs - it has this beautiful feeling of being freshly in love in a wonderful summer; the very thing Mick wasn't sure he'd experience again after the Rosie disaster. Sixpence None the Richer - Kiss me Kiss me out of the bearded barley Nightly, beside the green, green grass Swing, swing, swing the spinning step You wear those shoes and I will wear that dress Oh, kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor, Lift your open hand Strike up the band and make the fireflies dance Silver moon's sparkling So kiss me Kiss me down by the broken tree house Swing me upon its hanging tire Bring, bring, bring your flowered hat We'll take the trail marked on your father's map Oh, kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor, Lift your open hand Strike up the band and make the fireflies dance Silver moon's sparkling So kiss me So kiss me Nell gave a little startled cry when the bell at the nearby chapel began to ring. \"My God, it's six already!\" She jumped up frantically. \"Mother is going to have a fit if I'm not home at dinnertime!\" \"I guess telling her that a pesky American kept talking to you in the ruins for so long won't do much to calm her down, will it?\" \"No, I don't think so\", she sighed with a somewhat pained smile. After a small pause, she added, determinedly, \"Do come home with me and warm up a bit. You must be as cold as I am.\" I wasn't actually feeling too cold, and the rain had stopped, but of course I wouldn't decline an invitation like that. She led the way along a rain-drenched dirt track to her family's modest dwelling in a very small hamlet just a few hundred yards inland from the lighthouse; a low-slung house, not much bigger than Jean-Luc's cottage, built of the same unadorned granite. It was not shabby or derelict, but it had an undefinable air of sadness to it, despite the pristine white lace curtains at the windows and a bunch of neatly arranged wildflowers on one of the windowsills. Nell pushed open the faded red front door that led directly into a large, dark kitchen which occupied most of the ground floor. A large fireplace to the left of the door gave off a pleasant warmth and the slightly biting smell of wood smoke. Loïc was stirring a pot on the iron stove at the back of the room. He looked around when the door creaked open. \"There you are finally, Gwenna! Oh, and Mick!\" His previously surly face lit up as he glimpsed me. \"Good to see you!\" \"I thought Mick could eat with us tonight\", Nell said. \"We … met over by the abbey. Can you believe he was taking a walk in that weather, too?\" \"No, really?\" Loïc's voice didn't betray anything, but his round face cracked into a broad grin. I didn't know whether he had seen right through his sister's words the moment she said them or if had been in on our rendezvous from the beginning, but it was clear that he knew something. Nell put a finger to her lips as clunking footsteps sounded on the wooden stairs just outside the kitchen. Her brother nodded and winked. A tiny, tired-looking woman appeared. She wore heavy clogs and thick woolen stockings with her long wool skirt and what looked like a man's heavy cable-knit sweater over a white lace-trimmed blouse. She didn't seem to take notice of me as she shuffled over to the stove to taste the soup and screwed up her face in disgust. \"Too much salt, boy, way too much salt. And where have you been so long, Gwenaëlle? I've been worrying you had got lost in the fog.\" \"There wasn't any fog, Mother, only rain. I'm perfectly fine, just got a little wet. I ran into Monsieur Carpenter at the abbey. Mick. You know, I told you about him. The friend of Michel Delacourt's who works with Jean-Luc now.\" Nell's mother nodded absently, muttering to herself as she cracked an egg into the soup to soak up the excess of salt. \"Do you mind if Mick is having supper with us tonight, Mother?\" \"Oh, no, not at all\", she said tersely. \"Here's hoping he likes his soup very salty.\" She didn't further acknowledge my presence. Nell pursed her lips and closed her eyes as if she was biting back a comment. I squeezed her hand and mouthed, \"It's alright.\" \"Thanks for having me\", I said aloud to Madame Kervennec's back. Again, she did not react. Hardly any words were spoken during the meal. I would have loved to break the silence and ease the tension but couldn't think of anything to say. I felt honoured that Nell had taken me to her home, but I was feeling quite uneasy. It was as if their mother's arrival downstairs had sucked all their usual liveliness out of Nell and Loïc, and I could only suspect just how difficult and demanding it had to be to live with this hushed shadow of a woman for a mother. I looked at her again and again over my bowl of soup, but she never lifted her eyes to meet mine and seemed to focus on nothing but her supper. I wondered what she was thinking and if she wished this unbidden intruder would leave rather sooner than later. One could still guess that she must once have been a pretty girl. The shape and bone structure of her oval face were much like Nell's, but her grey eyes had a dull, lackluster appearance, and while Nell's complexion was rather fair but in a natural, healthy way, her mother's skin was sallow and lined before its time, and there were broad streaks of grey in her brown hair that made her look even more sorrowful. Her eyes did light up for a moment when I thanked her politely for her hospitality as I said goodbye. \"Do come and visit again, Monsieur Carpenter\", she said to my surprise. \"It was nice to have you here.\" Nell went outside with me when I left. \"That was about the greatest praise you could have got\", she told me. \"And it will make things easier for us ... although we should not tell her more about us quite yet, lest she'd let something slip with Dad. They sometimes talk on the wireless in the evenings, you know, and when she's in her bad state, she may not always be careful about what to say or not to say.\" I didn't particularly like the idea of keeping the truth from her parents. I didn't want to do anything clandestinely, I wanted us to be open and honest and straightforward. And I feared that when the truth would finally come out, there would be the more trouble for her the longer we waited. But I didn't want to push matters just yet; we were only just starting out after all. So I did nothing but take her hands and press them to my chest for a moment before I left instead of kissing her, and I was careful to shield us from view by turning my back towards the window. I looked back before I rounded the bend of the dirt road and found her still standing in the doorframe, blowing me a kiss. I smiled to myself quietly. This small stealthy gesture gave me confidence that she'd pluck up the courage to tell her parents some time soon. Fabulous weather and a heavy workload didn't permit me to see much of Nell during the week, but one evening she had gone to the port under some pretext to wait until we came home. I waved to her casually as we sailed past, trying not to look too enthusiastic. You never knew who might be watching and go gossiping afterwards. When we had unloaded the day's catch, I walked over to her, making it look casual. She was smiling broadly and said, \"I spoke to my mother about you today. She's having quite a good day, so I decided I'd seize the opportunity, and you know what? She said she'd already guessed there was something on between us.\" I was surprised. The withdrawn, silent Madame Kervennec seemed to have been a lot more perceptive than I'd thought. \"So I have passed the test?\" I asked airily. \"Oh, yes, you have. I think she really likes you.\" \"What about your dad?\" \"He doesn't know yet. I'll tell him face to face next time he's home\", she promised quickly when I raised my eyebrows. \"That's not something to talk about on the wireless, especially not with him.\" Not having to keep our feelings totally closeted any longer was a big relief for me. I wasn't one for big public displays of affection and certainly wouldn't start kissing her exuberantly here and now, but I had been rather iffy about the idea of deceiving her own parents. It felt a lot better to know that at least her mother was in on, and approved of, what was going on between us. I simply didn't want to live with lies and secrets ever again, not when love was concerned. When she made to leave, I remembered something and dug into the pocket of my working pants to pull out the beautiful scallop shell I had found lying on the deck of the Sirène this morning. I didn't know how it had come to be there - perhaps a seagull had dropped it – but it seemed like a perfect little gift for Nell. \"I found this in the morning and thought you might like it\", I said, feeling myself blush like a silly schoolboy, wondering belatedly if she'd care for a sea shell at all, even if it was pretty, when she had lived right by the ocean all her life. She accepted the shell gracefully, tracing her fingers along the radiating fluted pattern of the cream- and rose-coloured surface. \"What a lovely specimen\", she said softly. \"Such beautiful colouring, and unbroken, too. Now I have something to remind me of you until Sunday.\" She tucked the shell cautiously into the little basket she was carrying with her and was gone with a small flutter of her fingers into my direction. Jean-Luc looked at me with his funny little half-grin when I came bouncing down the stairs. He was sitting at the kitchen table, reading through his stack of the week's newspapers that he always saved to read on Sundays after lunch and a little nap. \"Off to see your girl?\" he asked, peering at me over his reading glasses that had, as always, slipped halfway down his long nose. \"How'd you guess that?\" I grinned back at him. \"She's a lovely girl, Gwenna is. If only her mother wasn't mad and her father wasn't a jerk.\" Jean-Luc sighed. \"But don't let that put you off. She deserves a decent chap like you. And what pretty children you are going to have.\" I groaned. \"Oh, give it a rest, will you? Listening to you, one could think we were as good as married.\" \"I do hope to see the two of you walking down the aisle one day\", Jean-Luc replied imperturbably. \"Needn't be tomorrow, though. Take your time.\" I shook my head, half angry, half amused, and left. Why did everyone have to start fantasizing about marriage and kids the moment a new young couple appeared on the scene? The fragrant beauty of the balmy summer afternoon enveloped me as I walked through the village. Hydrangeas had begun to erupt lavishly into thick clumps of white, blue and pink blossoms, and white and purple lilacs were in full bloom, exuding a heady scent, while the lovely long-stemmed, multicoloured hollyhocks along garden fences and house fronts contended with the elegant beauty of the first roses. It was not only the village that had exploded in a riot of colour. The vivid yellow of the gorse softened the somber greys and greens of the cliffs, and a few magenta specks of heather were already showing when I looked closely enough. As I continued along the clifftop path, I couldn't help thinking with a mix of joy and regret how much the landscape reminded me of my native Maine. The ragged, rocky coastline dotted by many lighthouses, the austere grey granite of the little houses mitigated by the gay blues and greens and reds of shutters and front doors, the sea beating relentlessly against the cliffs – was it a kind of sign that I had met Nell here, of all places? Only that I didn't really believe in signs and omens and such. I wondered where that idea had come from and brushed it aside, a little mortified about myself. Nell and I had agreed to meet by the chapel. She was leaning on the low stone wall that enclosed the former abbey grounds, looking out over the sea. A few tendrils of her hair had come loose in the breeze, but either she wasn't aware of the fact or she didn't mind. She had not yet detected me, and I slowed down to sneak up behind her without making a sound and planted a gentle kiss on the nape of her neck. \"Oh!\" She spun around and threw her arms around me. Standing on her tiptoes, she kissed me on both cheeks. \"I missed you so\", she said. \"The last few days just didn't seem to want to pass without you. And Mother is having another bad spell. She was truly driving me round the bend yesterday. Loïc is staying at home with her today so that I could go and take my walk with you.\" \"Good of him\", I said, but if I was honest, the thought of a vivacious fifteen-year-old like him locked up at home on such a fine sunny day to look after his mentally disordered mother saddened me. I wished I could do more for Nell and her brother than just listen to their problems and be nice to their mother. We followed the coastal path until we reached a small fortified peninsula. The remains of the fort were well preserved, and I would have loved to explore them, but Nell led me a few hundred yards further, indicating the narrow bit of sandy beach that lay just behind the fort. \"This is where we used to swim with our cousins when we were younger\", she said. \"I loved that, but as I grew older and, well, womanly, my father wouldn't allow it any more. Loïc still swims here sometimes, and he keeps telling me I should join him, no one would see us anyway. This was always pretty much our 'family beach', hardly anyone else ever comes here to bathe.\" The beach was deserted today, too. I suggested, \"Let's stay here for a while. We don't need to swim, though.\" I winked at her. I sat cross-legged in the warm sand after taking off my shoes and socks, and she lowered herself beside me, modestly tucking her legs up under the skirt of her blue dress with its pattern of tiny white flowers, leaned against my shoulder, turned her face into the sun and closed her eyes. I closed mine, too, and inhaled her scent of soap and sun-warmed skin and something faintly flowery. I kissed her on the top of her head, and she reached for my hand, kissed it and ran her thumb over its back. \"I love your hands\", she said. \"Big and strong. And beautiful. I even love those little cuts and scars you keep getting, like all fishermen and sailors do.\" She stroked the long, half-healed cut across the back of my left hand I'd given myself with a gaff a few days ago. \"It may be a strange thing to say because scars are usually reminders of something unpleasant, but somehow I find them fascinating … the way life leaves its impressions on your body … to show that you have been hurt and that you have survived.\" I didn't comment on this. In a way, she was right. Maybe I should adopt this view with regard to the scars I bore myself. I had learned to ignore the slash through my left eyebrow that had taken very long to fade from an angry red to the rosy-tinged white it was now, as I didn't want to be reminded of my run-in with the tabletop in Harry's bar every time I glanced into the mirror or, what was much worse, of all that had led up to it. Perhaps it was time to accept this indelible mark left on my face and finally let go of the disappointment and anger about Rosie and her behaviour that still flared up once in a while. If not for myself, I ought to close that chapter for good for Nell's sake, I thought. Be glad that I'd survived and go on. While I was still thinking about Nell's words, there was a rustling among the shrubs at the edge of the beach, and a girl of about ten emerged. She had light brown plaits the same colour as Nell's hair, but it was not primarily Nell she reminded me of. What cut into my heart with a sharp stab of sorrow was the memory of another little girl who'd used to wear her hair like that. Jess. What would she be looking like now, at almost eleven, nearing the border of adolescence, no longer a child? And Janie, my rotund, blonde, cherub-faced baby sister – would she still have those chubby little hands and cheeks like round red apples? Or had she outgrown her baby fat in a way that would render her unrecognizable to me, her own brother, if I were to meet her now by chance? I was so transfixed by the girl's appearance that I'd hardly noticed Nell getting up to greet her. They were now talking in rapid French. I scrambled to my feet and walked over, too. The girl was watching me curiously from a safe distance and demanded to know who I was when I drew nearer. I hunkered down on my heels to be at eye level with her. \"I'm Mick\", I said in my badly accented French. \"And what's your name?\" \"Madeleine\", she said with a little chuckle, nodding in affirmation. \"You're not from here, are you?\" she added. \"You have a funny way of speaking!\" She giggled again. \"Like the Spanish man who works with Papa. He's got black hair like you. Are you from Spain, too, Mick?\" I explained in my \"funny\" French that I was not Spanish but American, and after Nell had elaborated on where America was, far across the Atlantic Ocean, the little one trudged off, dragging her feet through the fine sand. I swallowed as several years' worth of missing my girls broke through with all their might. I had deliberately kept the memories of them under lock and key, but now I was powerless against the force with which my suppressed feelings came surging back. Nell sensed that something was up and gave me a questioning look. \"I've never told you, but I had two sisters back in the U.S. Have two sisters\", I hastened to correct myself when I saw her eyes cloud over at the thought that I'd lost them to some accident or illness. \"I haven't heard of them in a long while now\", I said. \"After my mother died, I wrote to them regularly, and they always replied religiously, but one day my letter came back, marked 'Return to sender'. I tried to find out what had happened, but all I know is that my stepfather moved away with them and didn't leave his new address with any of his old friends or neighbours.\" Nell's eyes ran over after all. \"That's terrible\", she whispered. \"I'm so sorry. That's so dreadful.\" \"Yes, it is … I miss them a lot, but there's not much I can do. Looking for them would mean searching for a needle in a haystack, so I just try not to think of them too much. But the little one here reminded me so much of Jess, the elder of the two. She's got the same plaits, the same eyes and the same perky way of talking.\" \"She's my eldest cousin's daughter\", Nell said proudly. \"She's cute. And clever.\" \"Like my Jessie\", I murmured. Nell gave me a compassionate look. \"Shall we go?\" she asked. \"I mean, if she's reminding you too much of …\" \"No, it's alright. I can't spend all my life hiding from little girls with brown hair, can I? I'll get over it eventually. I hope.\" I made a somewhat unconvincing attempt at a smile and looked away. She rested her hand on my cheek for a second before she took my hand and held it firmly in both of hers as we watched Madeleine, who had taken off her shoes and thrown them carelessly into the sand, hop around in the shallows, squealing when she got her skirt wet. She bent repeatedly to pick up little objects, probably sea shells and the like, examined them and threw most of them back into the water. After a while, she came hurrying towards us. \"Look what I've found, Gwenna! And Mick!\" she cried and held a small piece of driftwood out to us. \"See, it looks a bit like a bird … or a dragon … or maybe it's a … hmmm …\" She turned it this way and that and screwed up her face thoughtfully. \"I believe there's something else hiding in there\", I said, squinting a bit as I eyed the texture of the wood. \"What animals do you like best?\" \"Owls\", the girl replied. \"Owls\", I repeated, surprised, and paused for a moment. \"Yes … I think it's a nice little owl that we've got here.\" \"An owl?\" Madeleine said in disbelief, scrutinizing her find. \"I can't see an owl.\" \"It's not visible yet, but I can bring it out. Shall I?\" She frowned at me, obviously wondering if that foreigner with the funny accent had lost his marbles. Pursing her lips, she finally nodded. \"Fine. Although I can't think how. You can't do magic, can you?\" \"Wait a bit. You'll see in a minute.\" Madeleine and Nell watched me eagerly as I brought out my penknife and began to whittle away at the piece of wood until I had carved the likeness of a barn owl. It wasn't a masterpiece but it was recognizable, and Madeleine beamed when I handed her the animal. She oohed and aahed and thanked me very politely, then she scurried off to get her shoes and go home. Nell grabbed my hands again. \"So these are the hands of an artist, too\", she said. \"That was a beautiful thing to do for Madeleine. All little girls love animals and little knickknacks and keepsakes.\" \"And what about big girls?\" I asked, masking my still somewhat shaken state of mind with a pert tone of voice and an impish wink. \"They love their sea shells. And their sailors.\" She looked up at me with shining eyes and an enchanting lopsided smile. Without a word, I began to pull the pins from her hair, one by one, and made it tumble over her shoulder, smooth, silky and slightly wavy. \"How beautiful you are with your hair like this\", I said. \"Even more beautiful than usual.\" It was true. She appeared less composed and demure and more sensual and feminine with her hair freed from its usual bounds. Very carefully, I reached out and ran my hand up her bare arm and on to her neck, tracing the neckline of her dress towards the front. She gave a little gasp when I let my fingers wander further down to approach her breast, touching it lightly through the fabric of her dress, and I half expected her to shrink back, but she only shut her eyes and leaned into me, her head tucked into the crook of my neck. I laid her gently down on the fine white sand and stretched myself out beside her. She moved closer, turning over on her side, and began to cover my face with the lightest kisses, starting with the scar through my eyebrow, brushing back my hair to go on to the temple before she slowly worked her way down to my mouth. Her arm came around my back while I buried my fingers in her loose hair, and everything except the two of us was forgotten the moment our lips found each other in a long, deep, passionate kiss. ","Summary":" Nell isn't sure how her family is going to take the news about her and Mick, while their relationsh"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Moments IV","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10724355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another little set of scenes from Mick Carpenter's life, inspired by songs picked at random. At the beginning, I feared I'd end up with ten Irish-style dancing pieces, but thankfully, my iPod changed its mind and gave me a little more variety. 1. Bellowhead: Broomfield Hill Rosie and I exchanged looks across the crowded room as she walked back in from her trip to the ladies', and she nodded at the door when she caught my grimace. It was very hot and the air was thick with smoke and stale drink and a hundred people sweaty with dancing, and she knew I craved a break. She grinned as I jostled my way through the crowd and grabbed her hand, pulling her outside. The door banged shut behind us, but the music was still well audible. She drew me through a narrow alley into the back yard where a surprisingly big tree stood and led me in another swirling dance around its thick trunk until we fell into the sparse grass, side by side, and watched the starry night skies spin dizzily above us. \"I love ya, Rosie\", I whispered, and I knew she was smiling in the dark. 2. Tara: The Charladies' Ball \"A costume ball\", I groaned. \"I still can't believe you're doing this to me.\" \"Stop complaining. You're gorgeous, fisherman.\" Rosie gave me a peck on the cheek and ruffled my hair. \"Straight off the boat to sell your finest lobster!\" I had refused to dress up in something ridiculous but grudgingly agreed to wear a pair of faded working pants and a heavy blue sweater and my workboots. I had no idea how I was going to dance in them, but Rosie had laughed off my concerns and assured me I'd certainly have a good time. And in the end, I found she was right. 3. Young Rebel Set: Won't Get Up Again \"I won't get up again\", I murmured in my half-sleep, pulling the sheets over my head to block out the world that kept intruding on me. Couldn't they simply leave me alone and go away with all their compassion and their pills and their good advice? No matter how often they'd tell me I would be fine, I just knew I wouldn't, not like this, not with my leg gone, and my love, and pretty much my whole life. \"Oh yes, you will!\" Amelia snatched the sheet away and rolled her eyes at my furious protest. 4. Elton John: Emily Grandma began getting a little funny after Grandpa went. Not demented, not even extraordinarily addled, but her energy drained away, that fearful force that had made her appear like a much younger woman despite her grey hair and her fragile, wrinkled body. Her voice was just a little lower, her shoulders sagged just a tiny bit, and her clothes hung about her a little more shapelessly than usual. They had been the two halves of one single being, two pairs of feet marching to the same beat, two hearts beating in the same rhythm. They had been very different personalities, but they had complemented each other so wonderfully that you could not imagine one without the other close by. She didn't allow herself to get all swallowed up by her grief, she kept on for my sake and for the sake of his memory, but she just was not the same any longer. 5. Placebo: Song To Say Goodbye I had not said a single nasty word to her face, but once I had left, I started cursing Rosie silently, called her anything that came to mind, but it didn't help. I tried to conjure up hot anger to consume that little clump of emptiness that remained stuck in my chest and choked my throat, but I could never stoke that fire quite enough that it burned up that twisted feeling of rejection and disappointment deep within me. 6. Lisa Loeb: Stay (I Missed You) I knew I had been behaving like an asshole. She was only meaning well and just as unfit as I was to deal with that kind of life that was all I had left. I had never been one to say sorry easily, but it had been unfair to say all these things to her. It wasn't Evelyn's fault that I had ended up like this, and despite all my misgivings, despite what I'd yelled at her earlier, I certainly didn't want her to go. \"Please stay\", I whispered. 7. Enya: Fallen Embers She shifted lazily to push her face into the crook of my neck, and I held her there for a moment before I drew back a little to look at her in the firelight. I wasn't quite sure how we had come to undress on the sofa by the fire after a lot of red wine, but I enjoyed this moment immensely. 8. Leonard Cohen: True Love Leaves No Traces \"I can't remember when we last had the house all to ourselves for long enough to do this without fear of intruders\", she mumbled into my chest. \"I can't either. Before Annie was born, I guess\", I replied and tickled her side very lightly with the tip of my index finger. With two clever schoolkids in the home, you don't want to take any chances of being spied on, but tonight, both of them were staying with friends, and we had turned in early to take advantage of that brief episode of freedom. She was still as beautiful, and as good at it, as she had been all those years ago. 9. Leonard Cohen: Master Song Sunlight coming through the trees, speckling our faces with dark spots of shadow. A tall man swearing us in to give our best. The straps of my pack chafing at my shoulders, the weight of my gun at my side. Pale faces with almond-shaped eyes, young, babyish even, and all the more fiercely determined for it. A sharp needle of blood-red pain. White, misty, yellowish white everywhere when I opened my eyes a crack. The welcoming darkness when I closed them again. A dark low moan of a voice I thought I knew. Life oozing out of a young man's torn body. A kindly face, brown hair, hazel eyes, white cap. The relief of the needle in my arm that brought back comforting nothingness and ended all those jumbled images. 10. The Byrds: Mr. Tambourine Man I smiled when I saw he was there again, in his tatty old suit, his hat that almost came apart at the brim upturned on the pavement before him. Many passersby had nothing but contempt for him and eyed him suspiciously, but a little girl beamed at him as she threw a small coin into the hat that was pitifully empty. I slipped him a fiver, and he gave me a look that proved we were of the same kind, vagabonds at heart, with a deep love for music. ","Summary":" Another little set of scenes from Mick Carpenter's life, inspired by songs picked at random. At the"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Trait and Trace","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9803209","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Although he will probably always remain a thirty- or fortysomething in my mind, Mick would now be a very old gentleman, if he were still alive at all. We never learn his exact age in the movie, so I have taken the liberty of making 29th October, 1913, his date of birth, which makes today his 100th birthday. I have tried to imagine what might be happening to mark the occasion, coming up with this story as a little birthday gift to this wonderful character who made me rediscover my knack for writing stories. Thanks for being such a fantastic leading man, Mr. Carpenter. This piece is as much about Mick as it is about family, which is why I chose this poem to go with it instead of a song: Thomas Hardy: Heredity I am the family face; Flesh perishes, I live on, Projecting trait and trace Through time to times anon, And leaping from place to place Over oblivion. The years-heired feature that can In curve and voice and eye Despise the human span Of durance – that is I; The eternal thing in man, That heeds no call to die. 29th October 2013 I put the last hairpin in its place and check myself critically in the mirror, scowling at my reflection. A little makeover of my face is definitely in order, I decide and rummage in a messy drawer full of jars and tubes and vials to find what I need to make myself presentable for the guests as best I can. I don't consider myself particularly pretty. I am rather short, no more than five feet four, rather flat-chested and generally rather on the skinny side, but not in a sporty way, for I am abominably bad at anything that involves more than a very simple level of physical activity. My nose is long and sharp - I'm living in the hope that this beak will at least make me one of those interesting-looking elderly ladies one day if it isn't doing much for my attractiveness right now in my thirties - while my mouth is wide, with a deep crease beside one corner because I have a funny lopsided way of grinning, and my teeth are regular but not exactly small. My hair is what I totally hate about myself. It is straight and fine, and its current warm but unspectacular brown isn't even my natural colour. I have unfortunately inherited my father's mousey-looking dirty blond, while my mother has lovely chestnut waves, to say nothing of my cousin Michael's raven-black curls of this thick and full texture that any woman not so richly endowed by nature would kill for. Also, among his masculine yet delicate features, the prominent family nose doesn't look out of place but perfectly beautiful. Sometimes life just isn't fair. The only thing I really like about my looks is my eyes, of vivid green flecked with hazel and framed by long dark lashes. Carpenter eyes, they say. My uncle and Michael have them, too, and my mother's are more brown than green but also assume this particular golden hue in a certain light. These eyes, and my deep love for music, are the legacy of a grandfather I've never seen. Gentle folk music is playing in the background now, a sweet melodious guitar tune from Ross's debut album, while I hurry to apply some pale green eye shadow, hoping the doorbell won't ring before I'm finished painting my face. I have to confess I'm a little nervous tonight. I'm not an experienced hostess, and while the traditional family dinner we have every year on this day is nothing fancy, just a small, intimate affair with no more than seven or eight attending, it is the first time that we're meeting at my place, and I'm not sure if I can really do the occasion justice. For instance, I know that nobody will mind, but still I'm feeling a bit guilty that I have ordered all three courses that will be served tonight from the Italian caterer around the corner. Normally, it is my mother, a tried and true kitchen artist, who hosts this dinner. I haven't inherited her talent. I don't even manage to arrange food I've bought in a remotely appealing way. This year, I have offered to pitch in, well aware that I won't quite live up to the high standards she has set, because my father's still in hospital after some extensive vascular surgery, and of course she wants to spend any minute she can spare by his side. Anyway, I have tried to do my best. I've laid the table with a sea-blue cloth and white linen napkins and my big old-fashioned fake-silver candlestick. I have even scraped together seven identical plates and wine glasses. Some of the cutlery and the water glasses are mismatched, but I hope that little imperfection will pass for one of the charming, quirky features of an artist's household. Of course there is the framed photograph, too, identical with the one Mom always puts up on the dining-room sideboard on this day. My own print of the photo has pride of place permanently in a prominent spot of the big bookshelf that takes up an entire wall of my dining/living-room. Today, the picture is flanked by a bunch of white roses in a spherical vase and a tea light flickering in a blue glass holder. It is a fantastic photo, not one of those horribly stiff, contrived studio portraits but a lovely shot taken by Mom's friend Charlotte, who later became a professional photographer, on a summer holiday she spent with my mother's family by the sea when both were in their late teens. The ocean is visible in the picture, too. Deep blue water dotted with a few whitecaps forms a gorgeous backdrop to the casual portrait. His head is slightly turned to one side, and he's gazing pensively into the distance, a man who bears his age well, still handsome and captivating at close to sixty. The wind is ruffling his thick wavy hair, silvered by the years and streaked with a few strands of pure white. His face is all determined lines and angles - sharply beautiful cheekbones and nose, large heavy-lidded eyes under finely arched brows and a sensuous mouth that seems to be about to curve up into a smile any moment. Fine creases radiate from the corners of his eyes, carved by sorrow and laughter alike, or so I believe. How I wish he could be with us today, on what would have been his hundredth birthday, although my mother was certainly right when she said on the phone a few days ago, \"He wouldn't have wanted to live that long. He'd have hated growing old and feeble and watch his generation die out slowly. Dad wasn't the type who'd have enjoyed making the news as the latest centenarian in town.\" But even without an actual birthday to celebrate, I love the tradition of gathering in his honour every 29th October that we have been keeping up so faithfully for as long as I can remember. It may seem a little strange that I'm so attached to this family custom, considering that we are commemorating a man I've never met, but I have always felt a kind of connection with my unknown grandfather. I wonder if that is because he went just a few weeks before I was born. Even as a young child, I could never hear enough about the man I only knew through photographs and the loving recollections of older family members. I was generally very intrigued by the weird world that the past was to my child's eyes - I could spend hours and hours rifling through photo albums, giggling about everybody's funny clothes and hairstyles and Aunt Lucy's ridiculous choice of glasses in the seventies and eighties, religiously reciting the names of all those pictured there, trying to reconcile the faces in those old images with their more mature versions that I knew - but I always lingered longest over pictures of the tall, good-looking man named Mick Carpenter, the man I would so have loved to call Grandpa to his face, just once. My living grandpa, Andrew Taggart, is a kindly, short man with grandfather-ish thinning hair and a wicked sense of humour that seems to be at odds with his sober accountant's appearance, and I love him dearly, but it is the mysterious stranger with the intense face and inscrutable eyes who used to be my childhood hero and fascinates me still. Where other kids had imaginary friends, I had Grandpa Mick. Whenever I had been slighted and felt the whole world was against me, it was him I turned to, pouring my heart out to him in conversations conducted in my head and later in the letters I wrote to him in my diary, convinced that he would have been the one person who was on my side, come what may. When I was a child, my mother seldom managed to speak of him without tearing up, which used to disturb me so much that I didn't often dare ask her to tell me more, but by and by, from what she and my uncle and my grandma told me, a picture formed in my mind of a very sweet and gentle father, of a devoted lover and faithful companion to my grandmother, of a man whose life had been brutally hard at times but who had never given up. He had lost his parents early on and had been forced to make his way through the world all alone when he was barely twenty years old, a way that had taken him all around the globe as a sailor and on to a tiny South Pacific island where he had worked as a pearl trader and where he one day met Grandma Evelyn. Mom has a lovely snapshot in her study which shows them sitting in the sand of a tropical beach, her with a notepad open on her knees, him with a woven basket nestled between crossed legs. Grandma once told me that it held some of the pearl shells he'd been diving for. It was a scene of such quiet, intimate harmony that I was in fact a little shocked when I learned as a teenager that Grandma was at the time still married to another man. The telephone rings when I have just rimmed my left eye in black eyeliner. I dart across the short corridor to pick it up, and there is Michael's gushy voice in my ear, telling me that there has been a pile-up on the highway and they are stuck in a hell of a traffic jam and he thinks they won't make it before eight. I sigh and hope the food won't go cold in its thermal containers. Not a minute later, Mom calls to say there's chaos on the interchange and she has no idea when she's going to be here. I return to the bathroom and finish touching up my face, then I decide to kill the time until the guests arrive in the most appropriate way: I get out what I call Grandpa Mick's treasure chest. It is really just an old, much-mended cardboard box, its initial colour hardly recognizable under all the Scotch tape, but when I was a child, it was a genuine treasure to me. I was in heaven every time I was allowed to sift through what it held - a little collection of photographs, an old-fashioned black fountain pen in a dark green leather case, a small sea shell, a folded sheet of the softest gold-flecked tissue paper and a well-thumbed copy of Treasure Island with Mick Carpenter carefully inscribed on the flyleaf in a neat boyish handwriting. The original colour of the ink, most likely black or blue, had turned to brown long ago. Whenever I visited Grandma, I begged her to get down the box from the top shelf of her bookcase, and on my eighth birthday, my greatest gift wasn't the Barbie in a riding outfit nor the stack of Enid Blyton books or the pretty flower-printed beach towel, not even the blue velveteen dress spangled with glittery little stars that had been my biggest wish. It was when Grandma produced the battered cardboard box, adorned with a fat green bow, that I grew all silent with wonder and only managed to whisper a soft and shaken \"Ooooh\". I think it must have been the first time in my life that I felt so overwhelmed with happiness that I wanted to weep. Feeling much like that awestruck little girl, I open the lid of the box now, but before I start digging into its contents, I lean over and select a different album on my iPod – another guitar, Johnny Cash's distinctive dark voice, a song whose lyrics that make me think of him every time. I have been a rover I have walked alone Hiked a thousand highways Never found a home There is indeed something lonesome about my grandfather, especially in those photos that show him as a very young man. He is strikingly handsome, and you'd imagine all the girls must have been at his feet, only that there's something guarded and vulnerable in his eyes, a sensitivity about his mouth that isn't showing any more in his older self, that makes me think he wasn't the flirty type in his youth. Still in all I'm happy The reason is, you see Once in a while, along the way Love's been good to me The chorus of the song makes me look for one snapshot that touches me particularly. It must have been taken soon after his tour of duty in the Pacific, as he is very thin and his hair much shorter than in any other photo I have seen of him. He is on crutches because he has lost most of his right leg in the war and hasn't yet learned to use an artificial limb. He is leaning quite heavily into the wooden supports, but there is something heartening in the determination with which he keeps himself as upright as he possibly can, and something infinitely tender and loving in the way he smiles at Grandma and her camera from across a rose bush in full bloom, something that makes even my cynical 21st century self believe there may be some truth to the old adage Love conquers all. I browse through the rest of the photographs, handling them very carefully, those brittle relics from another age with their white serrated edges and sepia colouring, immersing myself in each of those moments from my grandfather's life, glad that they have been preserved on paper for me to study decades and decades later. Here is the one depicting him at a rough wooden table, weighing and measuring his pearls, a big ledger open beside him, a look of stern concentration on his face, a cloud of smoke from the cigarette in the corner of his mouth dispersing around his head like a halo as he peers at the old-fashioned set of scales dangling from his hand. Next is what I call the \"movie-star pic\". He is sitting outside a primitive kind of hut, gorgeous in all his shirtless broad-shouldered glory, again with a cigarette stuck between his lips, eyes narrowed in a fashion that reminds me of those film stars of old, the classy, ravishing kind they don't seem to make any more nowadays. Gregory Peck maybe, or Richard Burton, starring in an exotic adventurer's romance. Something like my grandparents' own love story, which is amazing enough to rival some of the best movie scripts. A sepia-tinted, relatively large print shows a somewhat enigmatic-looking piano player in rolled-up shirtsleeves, a dramatically beautiful profile worthy of any Byronic hero and a mane of black curls that would have left many a '70s rock star green with envy. Grandma told me that there was a time when he earned his living by playing the piano in a bar, a thought I have always found utterly romantic, although it probably was anything but. Now there's just one picture of him left in the stack, a very young Mick in dark dress pants and waistcoat and a white shirt, kneeling in the grass of what seems to be a well-tended garden, his arms around two little girls who are as dissimilar in their looks as their attire is identical, white lace-trimmed dresses and little patent-leather shoes with ankle straps and white frilly socks. Grandpa's little sisters. The taller one is thin and wiry, and although she can't be much older than six or seven, she clearly bears a great resemblance to her older brother around the eyes and mouth. The younger girl appears to have a totally different set of genes, she is short and rotund with angelic fair curls and this sort of round apple-like baby cheeks that make you want to pinch and kiss them. From the way they cuddle up to him and their enchanted smiles, both girls obviously adore their big brother. How I wish I could have snuggled up to the older version of the tall youth pictured here on the verge of manhood. It is safe to assume I'd have been just as blissfully happy as these two little cuties. One last photo remains, printed on thick, almost cardboard-like paper. At first glance, the man looks like him but the face is narrower and the hair is wrong, thick and dark, too, but parted on one side and combed back from his forehead in a sweeping wave. His eyes sparkle with untypical, insouciant exuberance as he proudly faces the camera in his wedding suit next to his tiny bride, shy and pretty in a simple but well-cut dress and a thin veil with a circlet of pale rosebuds above the brow. Alice and Henry, August 17th, 1912 is written on the back in a neat old-fashioned longhand. My great-grandparents' wedding day. The dashing bridegroom might well be older than his twenty years, judging from his posture and build, a self-confident young man who clearly knows what he wants from life, but my great-grandmother doesn't look a day past the eighteen she is. A frightfully young bride to my modern mind. Equally frightful is the thought that this young girl was still not out of her teens when she gave birth to her first child, exactly a hundred years ago today. What an utterly different world her baby was born into, I can't help thinking. A world where automobiles and telephones were scary newfangled contraptions, toys for the rich at best, the notion of their becoming as affordable and ubiquitous as they are nowadays an inconceivable utopia. No radio, no television, no computers; modern comforts like electricity and running water still quite unusual in more rural places. Two world wars still unfought, antibiotics as undiscovered yet as nuclear fusion or the structure of DNA. A cruel time when many children didn't live to see their tenth birthday, many mothers died in childbirth for want of a doctor or of the means of taking them to the nearest hospital quickly enough. I can't help but wonder under what circumstances Michael John Henry Carpenter had seen the light of day. Maine, 29 th October 1913 Henry was pacing outside the house nervously, his hands buried deep inside the pockets of his coat. It was a clear, crisp night with all the stars out and a cold white moon high up in the blackness of the sky, a stark and impressive sight, but Henry had no eye for its beauty. All he could think of was Alice and the ordeal she was going through, in the small bedroom he had been banished from long before. Her mother was with her, and Theodora Kendall, the midwife. The sturdy grey-haired woman who had seen countless village babies being born, including Alice herself, had sent him away, disregardful of his desperate wish to stay and somehow ease his beloved's pain, his yearning to be with her and help her through whatever was necessary to bring their baby into this world. He had been looking forward to becoming a father in a rather naïve way, picturing a chubby little boy or girl to cuddle and bounce on his knee, to laugh and sing and play with, never thinking much about the actual delivery of the child. When Alice's face had contorted with the first fierce contractions and she asked him in a small voice to go get her mother, he had been seized by a terrible fear that something was wrong. He had jumped onto his bicycle and pedaled across the village at breakneck speed, hating to leave his wife alone in that state she was in. When she answered his frantic hammering on the door, Mary had remained inexplicably calm and almost appeared happy. She wrapped herself into her coat and said she'd fetch the midwife and come to their home as soon as she could. About an hour later, Alice had gone to lie down on the bed and was gasping out in pain with unnerving regularity. Her mother had only said, \"Good, that's good, it's going ahead\", while the midwife impassively timed the intervals between contractions. They had already wanted him out at that point, but he had refused to go. He sat helplessly next to his wife, marveling at the absurdly big bulge beneath the cotton shift she wore, wondering if the child in there wasn't way too large for such a dainty woman, held her hand as she tried to breathe easy and moaned softly from time to time. He cursed himself bitterly for persuading her right after the wedding that they should start a family very soon, and that it should be a large one, too. He had been over the moon when she told him they had successfully taken the first step on the road that might lead to a whole bunch of little Carpenters. If only he had known then … \"Ohhh\", Alice whispered suddenly, and he was horrified to see a dark stain rapidly spreading on the brown sheets below her hips. He closed his eyes. She was bleeding to death, and it was all his fault. It was all he could do to stifle a distraught sob. \"Fine, the waters have broken\", Theodora said evenly and, with a disdainful glance at the pallid face of the father-to-be, added, \"Are you alright, Henry? I think you need some fresh air. It won't be long until the baby's born. Go and take a walk or dig over the garden or whatever, but please leave us alone. This is really no place for a man to be now.\" That had been five hours ago, and he had not dared defy Theodora's stern orders, although it was killing him not to know how the situation was developing in the bedroom. At first, he had gone into his small tailor's workshop downstairs and tried to work on the skirt he was making for Dr. Phillips's wife, but he found he simply could not concentrate with Alice's moans and cries in the background. Loath to spoil the expensive fabric that had been so hard to come by, he decided to put it all off until after the baby was born. Alice's father had dropped by upon returning from his boat to see how things were going, and a chat with him had taken Henry's mind off his worries a bit, but when John left to do some repairs at home, he had begun marching up and down the tiny garden, imploring the heavens to keep Alice and the baby safe, trying to maintain a grip on himself, picking nervously at the dry leaves of a hazel bush. The creaking of the small garden gate startled him, and he whirled round. \"Any news?\" His father-in-law was back, his pipe a reddish glow in the dark as he puffed on it. Henry shook his head, shredding a fistful of hazel leaves to minuscule pieces in his hand. \"I wish there was something I could do\", he said miserably. John patted him on the shoulder. \"Leave that to the ladies, mate. Alice's a tough little thing, she'll do fine, I'm sure. Can't be long now until you get to see your son.\" \"Or daughter\", Henry said. \"Nah, the firstborn had better be a boy\", John declared. \"A man's gotta keep up the family name!\" Henry didn't reply. He didn't care if it was a boy or a girl, if only mother and child were alive and well when all was over. Both men were staring at the moon in silence when the front door opened and Mary came rushing outside to grab Henry's hand in great excitement. \"You've got a little boy, Henry! A big strapping lad, well over seven pounds, and he's got lots of black hair and a voice that rattles the walls. Alice is fine, too. A little worn out but very happy.\" Henry felt all faint with relief and stumbled into the house on wobbly legs. At the bedroom door, he bumped into Theodora, who was carrying a bundle of soiled sheets and gruffly congratulated him on his son. Alice was glowing with joy despite her obvious exhaustion. She smiled her lovely quiet smile when he entered and sat down to kiss her gently on the cheek before he proceeded to admire the new arrival. She held the child tenderly in her arm as he slept off the strain of being born, his face still red and a little squashed, his incredibly small hands curled into fists at his chest. \"Hey there\", Henry said in a low voice, stroked a smooth plump cheek and a perfect little hand and felt a wild rush of love for the tiny creature as the baby smacked his lips sleepily and closed his fingers around his father's thumb. \"Hello, little one\", he whispered in a choked voice. \"Hello, Michael.\" \"Mick\", Alice said softly. \"I think we'll be calling him Mick.\" The doorbell startles me out of my musing over the wedding picture and times long past. I put it back into the box and get up to open the door. Michael locks me into a bear hug on the spot while the rest of the family are not quite finished tumbling out of the car, stretching cramped limbs and straightening out clothes. When I have freed myself, arguing he couldn't possibly want to crush the hostess before he gets his dinner, he asks with glittering eyes and a fake British upper-class accent, \"Whom have I the pleasure of meeting today? Araminta? Dorabella? Floralisa?\" I will never hear the end of how I always wanted us to bear fanciful (and usually quite horrible) names when we were playing together as kids, pretending we were a king and queen or at least some lord and lady. \"I thought Octavia would be nice today\", I reply with a blasé attitude, trying hard not to giggle. \"Unless you think Philomena suits me better, Sir Horatio. Or would you prefer Lord Archibald this evening?\" \"Archibald?\" He cracks up instantly, and by the time his parents and the girls have joined us, we are both shaking with one of our famous laughing fits. I couldn't be closer to a brother than I am to Michael, although we are so different in almost everything and don't get to see much of each other any more since both of us left home to go to college over a decade ago. But whenever we do meet, this precious familiarity makes itself felt instantly, as it does now. My aunt watches our antics in somewhat embarrassed silence, while Lisa, Michael's girlfriend, smiles diffidently and his sister Julia rolls her eyes but says good-naturedly, \"The two of you will never change, huh?\" Uncle Paul approaches, a large box wrapped in colourful paper tucked under his arm, and hugs me to his unoccupied side before he hands me the gift. \"Just a little something for you, Katie. Thanks for saving the day and inviting us over.\" Mom arrives not much later, and once they are all gathered around my table and Uncle Paul is popping the corks of the two bottles of champagne he has also brought along, there is a warm and tender feeling of love and gratitude welling up in me. I am happy and thankful that we all get on so well with each other, that there are no petty jealousies and rivalries, no going behind each other's backs in our small family. This certainly doesn't mean we always agree, but we have never fallen out completely over anything, as we all feel that we belong together, that we are united by a special bond that keeps us close to each other in our hearts even if we are physically separated. I daresay both my grandparents would be proud of us. I look about and recognize Grandma's colouring in Julia's red hair and fair skin, her voice in my mother's, her quick wit in Michael's funny bone-dry repartees, her interest in history in myself. And, of course, there's a bit of Grandpa Mick in all of us. Julia has inherited his long slender hands and feet, while the rest of us all have his hazel-green eyes with long black lashes and somewhat heavy lids. I have his passion for music, Mom his love for good stories, Michael his appetite for physical activity and outdoorsy stuff. Uncle Paul generally resembles his father a lot, only that he's a good deal heavier and his hair is a few shades lighter, a rich brown tinged with my grandma's copper and now additionally flecked with grey. Michael, however, is the spitting image of his namesake at the same age. He looks so much like our grandpa in these old pictures that it is almost scary. He's tall and lean and nicely muscled, but not ridiculously so, and almost absurdly handsome with his mop of black curls and sexy designer stubble. He's fabulous at all kinds of sports, and clever into the bargain. Just like the first Michael Carpenter was, for all I know. I love how all these traits of his, big and small, live on in us so that, in a way, he is still here with us on this special day. Uncle Paul pours the bubbly into the random assortment of stemware I have quickly dug up from the depths of my cupboard, and when we all hold a full glass in our hands, he says solemnly, \"To the health of all of us. And to absent friends, in memory still bright, as they say. One in particular, of course. I like to think that he's watching us today, and that he is proud of what he sees.\" I clink glasses with the others and then, while they are all chatting animatedly, turn and raise my jumble-sale cut-crystal flute to the portrait in the bookshelf, whispering under my breath, \"Happy birthday, Grandpa Mick.\" He almost-smiles back at me, forever windswept, mysterious and beautiful in his narrow silver frame. ","Summary":" Although he will probably always remain a thirty- or fortysomething in my mind, Mick would now be a"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"A Matter of Trust","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8186156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After Rosie's discovery that she's pregnant and her ensuing disappearance, Mick is wondering where she is, what went wrong and why things suddenly got so badly out of order. These are the times when you begin questioning everything about your relationship, asking yourself if everything you saw in your partner was just wishful thinking or a mask hiding the real depths of their character, if what you were looking at was just a ... Brilliant Disguise (Bruce Springsteen) I hold you in my arms as the band plays What are those words whispered baby just as you turn away I saw you last night out on the edge of town I wanna read your mind and know just what I've got in this new thing I've found So tell me what I see when I look in your eyes Is that you, baby, or just a brilliant disguise I heard somebody call your name from underneath our willow I saw something tucked in shame underneath your pillow Well, I've tried so hard, baby, but I just can't see What a woman like you is doing with me So tell me what I see when I look in your eyes Is that you, baby, or just a brilliant disguise Now look at me, baby, struggling to do everything right And then it all falls apart when out go the lights I'm just a lonely pilgrim I walk this world in wealth I want to know if it's you I don't trust cause I damn sure don't trust myself Now you play the loving woman, I'll play the faithful man But just don't look too close into the palm of my hand We stood at the altar, the gypsy swore our future was right But come the wee wee hours maybe, baby, the gypsy lied So when you look at me you better look hard and look twice Is that me, baby, or just a brilliant disguise Tonight our bed is cold I'm lost in the darkness of our love God have mercy on the man Who doubts what he's sure of Only when the muggy night gave way to a pale watery twilight did I pick myself up from the clammy sand and trudged home, shivering in my thin trousers and shirt. I had been craving a smoke for hours, but I had left my cigarettes on top of the piano and all I had on me was a few matches. I lit one of them, senselessly, as I walked and let it burn down to my fingers, extinguishing it with a curse as the flame came too close to my skin. Light-headed with lack of sleep, I climbed the stairs to my room and dropped on the bed, fully dressed. I didn't even remove my shoes before falling asleep and slept like a log for several hours, waking up around noon with the irrational hope it had only been a dream. Of course, it had not. She stayed away for a full week, leaving me waiting miserably. I had no idea where her family lived, no address, no phone number. The question why she had left so fast without at least writing me a note niggled at the back of my mind. I had always had the impression that she and her mother were not close, but then, hearing that your parent was in very poor health would be a shock even if you didn't get along all too well under normal circumstances. She'd probably have set out for the station in a hurry to find out when the next train home was due, passing by the bar on her way to leave a message for me with Joan or Harry because I wasn't back from work yet and she didn't want to lose any time on her way home. I refused to believe that she had deliberately sought to evade me because the as yet unresolved issue of the baby had come between us. Whenever that unbidden suspicion popped up in my mind, I silenced it by finding explanations and excuses why she'd left the way she had. A week to the day after my lonely sleepless night under the stars, there was a knock on my door rather early in the morning. I had just got dressed and was about to prepare myself a mug of tea. I was due for the late shift today, but I had forced myself to get up at half past seven so I'd have some spare time to go for a run or a swim before work. Exercise always helped me clear my head, at least for the moment. I certainly did not want to see any visitors at that ungodly hour, and I decided to ignore the unannounced guest, whoever it was. But the rapping continued, so I set down the tea tin and spoon with a suppressed sigh and opened the door to see who was so persistent so early on a Saturday morning. \"Rosie! You're back!\" I cried out in surprise. \"Yes, I'm back … I took the early train from Kittery this morning.\" \"Hope your mother's doing better, then.\" She was still dressed in the clothes she had been travelling in, a somewhat wrinkled grey dress and a navy cardigan, and a worn carpet bag sat on the floor beside her. She fiddled with the pendant she was wearing and said, \"Yes, she's quite fine again.\" We studied each other awkwardly for a moment. The ease between us had vanished, neither of us was sure how to act or react. I tried to give her an encouraging smile, but it felt strained. I wanted to say something but nothing seemed right. I wanted to tell her I was glad to have her back and at the same time shower her with accusations for going away without a word, leaving the thankless task of telling me about her departure to poor Joan, keeping me waiting and wondering. So I merely told her to come in and closed the door behind her. Her face was anxiously expectant, as if she was bracing herself for a dressing-down she thought she deserved. I finally reached out and hugged her to my chest after all, relieved at how right it felt to touch her. She put her arms around me and pressed her face into my shirt for a long while without speaking. When I asked her softly what had happened, she flinched and said in a trembling thin voice, \"I … my sister phoned my landlady to say my mother'd had a serious breakdown, a heart attack or something, and I should come quick if I wanted to see her before …\" She paused for a moment, seemingly unable to bring herself to say it aloud. Her eyes remained fixed rigidly on a spot below my breastbone. I stroked her cheek gently, and she went on, \"It turned out not to be as bad as it had looked, though. Thank God. And then … and then I began to … to bleed and … and … and I lost the baby.\" She wasn't crying, but she looked quite disturbed. Again, I could do nothing but hold her. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know what to do. I wondered how she felt about having lost the child she had not wanted in the first place. I wasn't sure how things would have turned out for us in the end if she had carried the baby to term, having come to doubt during her absence that we'd have been the happy family I'd imagined at first, but right now I regretted this lost chance, grieved for the lost little life, if you can actually grieve for someone who hasn't even really lived yet. Eventually, I asked, \"How … how are you feeling now? Do you … do you want to lie down for a while? The journey must have been hard on you after … after what happened.\" \"It was not too pleasant but train journeys in third class never are. I'm all right, the pain and the bleeding have both stopped. But I'd still love to rest for a bit.\" Her words came out in a forced matter-of-fact tone that had a hollow ring to it. I wasn't sure what to make of this observation. Probably I was just being oversensitive after this awful week without any news of her and full of clashing emotions and dismal thoughts. She's just worn out after all she's been through in the past few days, I told myself. \"Yes, of course. Make yourself comfortable. I'll be with you in a minute.\" She removed her cardigan and dress and slipped into my bed in her underwear. I took off my shirt and trousers and lay beside her. She went to sleep in my arm exhaustedly while I remained awake, wondering what toll the miscarriage had taken on her body. Surely this could be dangerous. What if she began to bleed again, or developed a fever? I registered every change in her rhythm of breathing, repeatedly felt her warm and slightly sweaty forehead for a telltale rise of temperature, worried that some belated complication might arise despite her assertion that the worst was over. She awoke quite well-rested just as I had fallen asleep for a few minutes. I made her stay in bed and fixed us some breakfast. A glance at my alarm clock startled me and I hurried to get dressed again. I would have to leave for work pretty damn quick or I'd be out of a job on top of everything else. As I hastily ate my breakfast, I made her promise she'd report in sick with Harry. \"Just drop by to let them know you've returned safely but aren't well, then you come back up here and get some more rest. I'll take your shifts this weekend if I have to. You shouldn't exert yourself too soon.\" There was a glimpse of the Rosie I used to know when she groaned and rolled her eyes, saying I was worse than her mother and grandmother rolled into one, but she obeyed. When I came home from work, she had changed clothes and was sitting on the bed, leaning against the wall with her legs tucked up, reading my old copy of \"Treasure Island\". The photo of my parents I still kept inside the book had dropped to the floor, and I suppressed a small rush of anger at the sight of my precious souvenir cast aside so carelessly. I bent to pick it up and checked it for creases or dog-ears before I gently laid it on the table. I should get it framed, I thought, just to keep it safe. There was another piece of paper lying on the floor. It had apparently fallen out of Rosie's bag, and I had intended to slip it back inside without paying much attention to what was written on it as a word caught my eye. Falmouth. Printed in an unfamiliar handwriting on a greyish piece of paper was the address of a doctor in Falmouth. Underneath, last Monday's date and \"9 AM\", added in Rosie's loopy longhand. Hadn't she said she'd taken the early train from Kittery, where I had supposed her family lived? They couldn't possibly have called a doctor from Falmouth to take care of her mother, could they? I was tempted to simply shove the note back into the bag and pretend I had never been aware of its existence, as I had a grim premonition that the explanation behind it would not be anything I wished to hear, but at the same time I felt an urgent need to have clarity once and for all. For some reason, I turned the slip of paper over before turning to face her. Something was written on the back, also in her own handwriting. \"$ 25.\" I froze in disbelief while jigsaw pieces clicked into place in my mind, and a terrible certainty seized me, as sudden as an unexpected punch in the stomach. Twenty-five dollars was the amount that had been missing from my box. Missing since the day of Rosie's sudden disappearance. \"It was you who took the money!\" I exclaimed, furious and disappointed. \"Why couldn't you just have asked me?\" I demanded to know irritably. \"Don't you think I'd have helped you out if you're short on cash?\" Rosie closed the book and stammered something unintelligible about railway tickets and doctors' fees and a specialist for lung diseases her mother had needed. \"No wonder that doctor was expensive if he had to come down from Falmouth\", I said in an acerbic tone, holding the note out to her. \"And didn't you say your mother had a heart attack? What'd she need a lung specialist for?\" She stared at me incredulously and threw down the book. \"Have you been snooping around my things?\" she hissed. \"Certainly not. It was hard to miss, right there on the floor. It must have slid out when you took something from your bag. Now tell me please that you did go to see your mother – or didn't you?\" She tried hard to sustain her mask of indignant anger, but it crumbled quickly. With quivering lips, she mumbled, \"No. I didn't go to see her.\" At least she didn't deny that she'd lied to me earlier, I thought bitterly. I probably ought to be glad she's being honest now. If she is. \"So where'd you go then?\" \"To Falmouth. To see Dr. Staunton.\" She waved at the paper I was still holding in her face. \"That was what I needed the money for.\" \"But why Falmouth? Why this Dr. Staunton? Who's he? There are plenty of doctors in Portland.\" \"Can't you think why, Mick?\" she replied, almost choking on her own words. Did she deliberately place a hand on her stomach to give me a final hint? I didn't know, but it was this gesture that opened my eyes to the truth. \"No\", I gasped. \"No, please … tell me you didn't … this doctor didn't have a hand in … in your losing the baby.\" I slumped into my battered armchair, crumpling the accusing scrap of paper in my hand in slow motion, closing my fist around it so tightly that my nails dug painfully into my palm. \"I really … I can't believe this. Why didn't you talk to me before you went and did … what you did?\" \"I … I was kind of shocked when I found I was pregnant, and I knew I wouldn't be able to be a mother, so something … had to be done, quickly, as long as it was still possible. And … and at first I wasn't even sure if it was yours because Jeff and I … you know, not very long before you and I … then I did the maths properly and realized it must be yours, but it wouldn't have made a difference anyway. I couldn't have gone through with it either. I don't want children. Not even yours. And that's exactly why I didn't tell you. Because you'd have tried to talk me into keeping a kid I never wanted to have!\" Her words hit me like a hail of pointy needles, cold and steely and cruel. \"I would have supported you and the child, Rosie, mine or not. I'd have helped you bring it up\", I said tonelessly, \"and I'm sure it could have worked. I would have done anything I could to make it work if only you'd given me the chance to! I can imagine you were scared and confused, yes, of course, but I still wish you had trusted me enough to talk to me first before going to … see that doctor and … have that … procedure and put yourself in danger. You could have died if something had gone wrong!\" \"Oh, come on, don't get your knickers in a twist about the danger of it now that it's over. I survived just fine. And besides, I wasn't too scared and I certainly wasn't confused. Don't make me look like some dim-witted bumpkin. Usually, I know exactly what I'm doing, and I knew exactly that I didn't want to burden myself with a baby.\" \"A baby is a great responsibility, but it's not some tedious burden , Rosie\", I said with a constricted feeling in my throat, thinking of the first time I had been allowed to see Jess or Janie, the excited awe I'd felt when my mother had let me hold them. \"It's a little miracle.\" I knew I must have sounded unbearably sententious to her ears, but I couldn't help it. \"Oh yes, for sure. A little miracle that keeps you on your toes around the clock and squalls whenever it's sick or hungry or wet or bored, which is virtually all the time, while you turn old and fat and ugly because you haven't got any time or energy left to care about yourself\", she retorted angrily. \"Oh well\", I snarled, now furious myself, \"perhaps it is better you didn't keep it after all if the inconvenience and your looks are all you can think of.\" \"Contrary to you, I know what I'm talking about\", she hissed back sharply. She had moved to sit on the edge of my bed and was leaning forward, her face contorted in anger, fists clenching and unclenching uneasily. \"You didn't get seven younger siblings in eight years and had to help bring them up from when you were four years old! I bet you never needed to lend a hand at your posh old house and got spoiled rotten. Mommy's little darling.\" I gritted my teeth and summoned all my willpower so I would not fly in her face in a way I'd regret later. Silently, I cursed myself for having let my guard down and shared some details of my childhood and youth with her that she could turn against me now. \"You haven't got a clue about real life, Mr. Head-in-the-Clouds. All you have in your head are your great ideals and your big dreams. Your own boat, your own house, your own perfect little family. All that romantic crap you've got on your mind, like If we just love each other enough, we'll manage somehow, and everything's gonna be fine and dandy. That's not how life works, for God's sake - take off your rose-tinted glasses and grow up, Mick! Just look at you and your ridiculous seahorse and your children's books. How would you want to be a father when you're hardly more than a kid yourself?\" \"You don't know shit about me, Rosie\", I said in a thick voice when her tirade was finished. \"I guess it's better if you go now. It's no use trying to discuss things when you are behaving like that. We'll only make things worse.\" \"Fine, then! I'll leave you alone with your books and your fancy ideas! I hope you'll be happier without me around to spoil them!\" She slammed the door shut as she stormed out, leaving me with my blood still boiling. I wanted to smash something but refrained. It wouldn't help anyway. Instead, I smoked three cigarettes in a row, but they did nothing but make me feel queasy. Resigned, I undressed and washed and lay in my bed, pulling the sheets tightly around me, up to my chin, curling up into a ball, feeling cold, alone with my mind that ceaselessly churned the same questions over and over. Why hadn't she simply confided in me? Why the lies, the theft, the betrayal? Why such cruel words from the mouth of the woman I thought I knew, cutting into my heart like long sharp knives? We did not speak for two agonizing weeks except for some cool polite exchanges in the bar when someone was watching us. Of course we didn't fool anyone. She refused to sing when the guests asked her to, citing a throat infection nobody believed in. I played my perfunctory way through my usual repertoire, but my heart was not in it and it must have shown. It was hell to see her while being unable to reach her, touch her, speak to her. Finally, Joan took me aside after hours one night when Rosie had already left. \"Listen, Mick, I don't know what exactly is the matter with the two of you, and I'm not sure if I want to know at all, and maybe it's none of my business, but all this miserable tiptoeing around each other has to end. It's unbearable to watch. The regulars have started asking questions, and I can't blame them. It's clear to see that something's wrong. If you want to take a piece of advice from an old woman who's seen a lot in her lifetime, either make a clear cut and split up for good, or get over whatever has come between you and try to mend what there is to mend. But at least talk to each other, for Chrissake.\" \"I … Rosie …\", I stammered stupidly. \"I have spoken to Rosie several times, but she won't listen. I hope you have some more sense in that pretty head of yours, piano man. One of you needs to make a decision, one way or the other, and quick.\" Of course she was right. It wouldn't do us any good to keep things in limbo much longer. If only I could bring myself to take the first step. She certainly wouldn't, stubborn as she was. I decided to let this evening pass without doing anything, unless a particularly good opportunity arose, but to talk to her the next day, definitely. The evening crept by at a painful snail's pace. It felt as if I'd played at least a thousand different tunes by the time I emptied the last glass and lit my last cigarette, inhaling slowly while I heard the busy clatter of Rosie's light footsteps behind me as she helped Harry clean up the bar. Our walks home after work were among the things I missed most, and suddenly I couldn't bear it any more. I stubbed out my cigarette in the ashtray with fresh determination and got up. Rosie was wiping down the long table in the centre of the room, working with brisk, efficient movements, and I approached her unhurriedly, gingerly touching her arm. \"Rosie?\" Her head snapped around and she looked at me with a mixture of apprehension and curiosity. I took heart from the fact that I couldn't detect any of the earlier hostility in her eyes and said in a low voice so Harry wouldn't necessarily hear, \"I can't stand not talking to you any longer. Will you let me walk you home again tonight? I don't need to come upstairs with you but I really want us to get back on speaking terms at least.\" She gripped her cleaning rag firmly and I half expected it to land in my face with a smack, but instead she threw it down and flung her arms around me, crying into my shirt. \"I thought you were never going to ask, and I thought you'd never want me back\", she murmured almost inaudibly, breaking away from me with red eyes. \"Of course I want you back, and I want to say I'm sorry. There were a few things I shouldn't have said.\" \"You're right, you shouldn't have\", she replied, running a tired hand over her face, \"but I shouldn't have said some of the things I said either. I'm sorry, too. I was so afraid I'd lost you.\" \"Well, you haven't. Not yet. But there's one thing you need to know if this is supposed to work in the long run. I want to be able to trust you, Rosie. I must be able to trust you. If you felt you couldn't have the baby, fine. Or not fine – but I have to accept your decision now, and I'd have had to accept it anyway even if you'd let me in on your plans earlier because you'd have been much more affected by a pregnancy than I would. But please don't ever act behind my back again. Don't ever lie to me again. I don't think I could forgive you another time. I want us both to have our freedom, I don't want to control you or force my wishes upon you, but trust , Rosie, trust is essential. For both of us.\" She nodded wordlessly, fixating me with large shiny eyes. I pulled her into my arms, cradled her head against my chest and kissed the top of her head while her tears were drenching the front of my shirt once more. I held her like that for a long time, my nose buried in her glossy black hair, feeling drained and tired but pleasantly, relievedly so. When I finally looked up, I saw Harry leaning on his broom by the doorway. \"Time to go home for the two of you. I'll finish up here.\" He had a broad smile on his face as we walked past him, hand in hand. ","Summary":" After Rosie's discovery that she's pregnant and her ensuing disappearance, Mick is wondering where "},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Discovery","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8708217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Travelling the South Sea, Mick eventually finds a new home in a tiny island. This is my version of how he came to the Trobriands, and while the title song was written about a rocky little island off the coast of Brittany, the lyrics are perfect to express what Mick's newfound island means to him. The song is originally in French, written and performed by a Breton folk singer, Maxime Piolot. It is called \"J'ai découvert une île\" (\"I discovered an island\"). The original lyrics can be found at the end of the story, if anyone is interested. When the ship, solid and heavy, Was ripped apart upon the reef, And I thought I was lost Without a plank to save me I discovered an island That protects and reassures An unadorned shelter Where my wounds can heal When the ship was sinking Like a disabled titan In a chaos of broken wood And tangled sails I discovered an island That protects and reassures An unadorned shelter Where my wounds can heal When the ship was swept away Like the sun, when night descends, Leaves the sky for another world Full of silence and deep waters I discovered an island That protects and reassures An unadorned shelter Where my wounds can heal October 1941 The glowing ball of the sun had just sunk below the horizon, leaving a multicoloured canopy of cloudless sky behind, gorgeously mirrored in the quiet surface of the Pacific. The Calm Ocean was living up to its name this evening and lay vast and still and magnificent. Only yesterday the mighty sea had shown its fierce side when a violent rainstorm had whipped the tall slender stems of the palm trees and waves twice or three times my height had furiously lashed the sandy shore that now stretched so peacefully before me as I sat on my porch, placidly smoking a cigarette, winding down after a day of intense, gratifying work. I loved this place both ways. The torrential downpours of the rainy season held as much appeal for me as did those perfect balmy nights when everything was quiet except for the rustling of some little rodents in the bushes, the odd flapping of a bird's wings and occasional scraps of singing or animated conversation I could hear drifting over from the village if the wind was right, like it was tonight. I smiled indulgently at the alien melodies interspersed with ululating cries. The natives' traditional songs still sounded somewhat shrill and strange to my Western ears. Today, they were celebrating the arrival of a new baby. The child's father, Keyala, a slim youth of perhaps twenty years, was one of my best pearl divers. He had been very excited about his baby daughter and had half invited me to join their celebration when we had come off the boat earlier today, but I had declined politely, citing work I had to do. I knew he had just wanted to be nice. Keyala had looked rather glad about my answer and nodded eagerly, asking in a knowing tone, \"Trader man's work, write down things on paper?\" He had watched me once or twice as I weighed and measured my pearls and jotted measurements and price estimates down in the thick old ledger that served as my inventory and account book, and he had appeared quite impressed by my columns of numbers. \"Uh-huh. Gotta take care of those pearls we found today.\" \"Important work, yes?\" \"Very important\", I had replied and squeezed his shoulder before I left the beach with my bag pleasantly full with the day's yield. Our trip to one of the most promising pearling spots on the reef had been quite successful, and it had been him who had found some of the best specimens. \"You did a great job today. Now go have fun. And say hello to your lovely lady for me.\" He had set out for the village with an excited spring in his step and a big proud grin on his face, and I had walked home to take stock of the day's finds. Having noted its diameter and weight, I had carefully wrapped each pearl in my trademark French tissue paper before putting it into the small sturdy wooden box I'd take with me when I went to see my agent. I had finished my cataloguing around the time dusk started to descend. Leaving my scales and the ledger on the table, I had gone outside to enjoy another perfect tropical sunset, a sight that never failed to impress me although I had been here for so long. Lounging in one of the old wicker chairs, I studied the darkening firmament as I finished my smoke and opened a bottle of beer to sip slowly. The fan-shaped outlines of the tall palm trees were still visible, towering, fringed silhouettes against the inky blues of sea and sky. Further inland, the soft warm glow of a bonfire was shining dimly through the grove that separated my house from the village. The natives' lively celebration was obviously still in full swing. They were certainly having a good time over there, to judge from the noise they were making. I, meanwhile, was content to spend the evening, like most evenings, on my own. I didn't socialize much with the handful of other expatriates on the island except for the occasional drink I shared with Gerry, the Irish adventurer, a man of undefinable age and profession who was astonishingly resourceful in coming by supplies of all the things that were hard to get on the island. I had long before decided better not to ask any questions as to where all the stuff came from and just be grateful when he got his hands on something I wanted or needed. It was quite nice to chat a bit about banal subjects once in a while, but if I was honest, I was happiest when I was alone. Gregarious Gerry, who couldn't get it into his head that I actually loved those solitary nights on my porch with just the sea and the moon for company, had begun to call me the Lonesome Trader. I laughed it off good-naturedly. I didn't mind getting teased, for the nickname did fit, and I had actually never felt less lonely. I didn't have a wife or a girlfriend, which was another thing Gerry pitied me for. There had been a rather blunt come-on from one of the native girls at some time, but the local women simply were not my type, I didn't want to risk my good relationship with the natives by hitching up with one of their women, and besides, I didn't feel any need for a female companion. I knew Gerry had a girl on one of the neighbouring islands and that she had friends who'd be only too ready to do it with a foreigner in exchange for a few small coins or cheap knickknacks, but I had no desire for gratuitous sex without love. And I wasn't sure if I'd ever be ready to love a woman again. Not a single day passed without me thinking of Nell, but I had learned to smile at the good memories and not to dwell on the bad ones too much, trying to live in the here and now as best I could. Sure, sometimes I mused about what could have been – all we had dreamed about: the wedding, the cottage, a family, all those things I had ultimately come to feel were not meant for me. Sometimes I shed some silent tears for her on a night like this, but the bitterest sting of the loss was gone, blunted by the time that had passed. It wasn't strictly true that time was a healer. The deep wound Nell had left me with was still there, a painful void in my heart I had never been able to fill, but it was bearable now, like some old scar that flares up once in a while but otherwise leaves you with just a faint dull ache that becomes so familiar you don't even realize any longer that it's there. The unhurried pace of life on the island was what had aided me most with calming down, getting settled, letting go of my guilt and my grief and ridding myself of the urge to move on permanently that had driven me around the globe. It hadn't happened fast nor had it been easy, but by now I had come a long way from the restless, rootless sailor who had first arrived here. The island had offered me the chance to make a fresh start in a place where no one asked me any questions, where no one wanted commitment from me, where nobody was particularly interested in me, and I had gladly seized this chance. I had been in this place for longer than anywhere else since I had sold my grandparents' house, for more than three years, and I had no intention to leave anytime soon. I had found my place in the world. And what a beautiful place it was. This tiny speck of land, surrounded by turquoise water, had almost all I'd ever wanted. I had my house, I had my boat, I had the sea. I even had a job I loved. It paid no riches but enough to guarantee a comfortable existence. I didn't need much, and anyway, the best rewards it gave me were of the kind money couldn't buy. The pleasure of working with my hands. Swimming, diving, navigating in the splendid blue-green tropical waters. The excitement of cracking open a shell to catch that first glimpse of the coveted creamy shimmer of a perfect pearl. Truly being my own master for the first time in my life. The only material luxury I'd treated myself to was the wind-up gramophone Gerry had organized for me, no doubt through one of his shady channels, and a few records I'd obtained from various sources. I liked to put on some music late at night, when I would close the shutters and light a small lantern on the table, listening, a little wistfully, to dancing tunes and love songs and classical pieces. Sometimes the music made my feet itch to take a few steps of a waltz or tango and my arms long for someone to hold, just for the duration of the dance, but these notions usually passed quickly. More often than not, listening to music lifted my spirits and helped me dispel the brooding moods that frequently came over me at that hour and kept me from sleeping. About once a month, I took the mail ship to Port Moresby to see my agent there. Otherwise I stayed within the archipelago, sticking to the main island in my first months, eventually venturing over to some of the smaller islands to try and strike some deals with their inhabitants. Those were a lot warier of strangers than the people of Kiriwina, where I lived, and it was difficult to convince them I hadn't come to rip them off. At some point they came to realize I could be useful, as I was able to provide some coveted goods like fishing hooks and knives and eggs, and they began to accept me grudgingly, but they remained somewhat leery of my intentions and a little hostile. The natives on my own island were a rather friendly bunch, and I had the impression they were quite fond of me, especially the young men who worked with me. Some members of their families had taken to gathering on the beach and wait for us to return. By now, their welcoming cries of \"Mister Mick!\" had become an integral part of our pearl-diving trips. We didn't mingle socially – both me and them had little interest in such a thing, being just too different in many ways. Outside of \"business\", I generally left them alone, and they left me alone, but we respected and liked each other, which was more than I could say for most of my fellow Westerners on the island. I cared neither for the high-handed Commissioner and his stuffy complacent wife nor for MacGregor, the Scottish missionary who seemed to think he was doing the natives a big favour by imposing Christian beliefs and Western clothing on them. There had also been a schoolteacher nun for a while, a woman I had loathed deeply. With her pointedly pious face and her ostentatious attitude of saintly indulgence, she had made a big show of devotedly enduring the horrible visitation of having to teach scantily clad savages. Her method of saving their souls and curing them of their sinful heathen customs and loose morals consisted of making them recite prayers and frequently whipping their little hands or bottoms with a thin cane. Sister Mary Aloysius hadn't been on the island for a full week when she and I had clashed viciously over my \"fraternizing\" with the natives – she was convinced I had an \"unhealthy\" relationship with at least one of the women – and my refusal to attend the prayer meetings she was busily organizing. I had made my opinion of her abundantly clear without mincing words and simply walked off when she launched into a hissy fit, spluttering and screaming abuse. Henceforth, I had given her the widest possible berth. She hadn't stayed long, luckily. There seemed to have been some kind of run-in with the Commissioner's wife that led to her hasty departure. She was never replaced. MacGregor himself tried his hand at teaching. I wasn't sure how successful he was, but at least he didn't use the cane as much as the frightful Sister had. I shuddered as I remembered that dreadful woman. This kind of behavior always made me wonder who were the actual savages, the natives or those who felt called upon to \"tame\" them. What right did these self-styled saviours have to make them change their beliefs and traditions, and why on earth did they have such issues with a bit of naked skin, or with people who, God forbid, actually enjoyed having sex, just for the pleasure of it? Arrogance and overbearing superiority had never been something I bore well, but I had come to develop an even deeper disdain for people exhibiting these traits since I had made my home here. I was not afraid to express my feelings quite markedly if necessary, which was why I wasn't too welcome a guest in the small circle of expats living here. Outspoken, solitary and closer to the natives than to my own, well, race, I was definitely considered a misfit among their exclusive ranks. Ranks that were going to grow very soon, I realized, recalling how I'd run into Gerry this morning and he'd mentioned he was sailing off to pick up a couple of guests: a professor of anthropology and his wife who wanted to spend some time on the island to study the famous sexual behaviour of the natives. I wasn't too tickled about the prospect of their arrival, for I knew the type only too well. A couple of years ago, a team of three or four people had shown up on one of the smaller islands to do some important research. They hadn't lasted much more than two weeks before they capitulated before the weather and the bugs and the scary natives who'd – accidentally – destroyed part of their equipment. I could picture the newcomers quite clearly, an ambitious academic stylishly dressed in squeaky-clean, brand-new tropical gear, hoping to make the discovery of his life, accompanied by a dumpy middle-aged woman who'd quickly make friends with the Commissioner's wife. I pictured a dull fortysomething at the Commissioner's tea table, daintily dabbing at her sweaty brow under a stiff perm, holding forth about how primitive everything was here, how dreadfully hard reliable servants were to come by in this place, and how glad she'd be to return to her civilized life, where she'd probably brag shamelessly about how bravely she had faced all the hardships her husband had inflicted on her for the sake of his career. No doubt the Commissioner and the missionary would make a big show of welcoming them and showing them around. Let them if they felt the need. I wasn't going to take part. I'd seize the opportunity of another day of fine weather and go out pearling with my crew. I'd meet those people early enough, I thought, determinedly knocking back the rest of my beer and getting up to lean on the porch railing. The light had diminished to a narrow strip of deep blue above the horizon, and stars began to glitter in the dark velvet sky upon which hung an almost full moon, pale and regal. The wind seemed to have turned, for I couldn't hear the sounds of the celebration any more, although the light of the fire was still flickering through the palm grove. I only heard the gentle lapping of the water down on the shore now. A rippled silver path of moonlight was cast on the surface of the sea, another sight I had seen often enough that I might have taken it for granted, but it never ceased to enchant me. I got up and was at the ocean's edge with a few long strides, sitting cross-legged in the sand that was still warm, listening to the sea, watching the play of the light on the water. To the right, the dark outline of my boat was visible against the backdrop of the moonlit waves. I had bought her from the man who had been my master for the best part of a year and taught me all I needed to know about the pearl business. Henk, the burly Dutchman, who'd decided about my future with a question he had meant to be a jest. 1938 Childers, Mac and I were the last to leave the Helen of Troy one mild September day, heading for the little tavern Mac loved to go to every time we came to Port Moresby. It was tucked away in a nondescript side street and didn't look like much, but it had a nice screened porch at the back which offered a lovely view of the ocean, and it was a perfect place to sit and kick back over a few drinks. After a glass or two, Mac started telling some of his wild tales. The unsightly little man who had awakened my interest in the Helen when we chatted at the Mermaid's bar had turned out to be a colourful character who had led an adventurous life. If only half of what he told us was true, it was a miracle that he was still alive. I took his stories with a grain of salt, but I loved them nevertheless, and he loved that I loved listening. Childers usually sat by with an indulgent half-grin, puffing one nasty-smelling cigarette after the other. I had no idea what kind of stuff he put into them, but I had learned very quickly to decline if he offered me one. Sticking to my own roll-ups had proved a lot safer. His were a serious health hazard. I put one of mine into my mouth now as we sat in the rattan chairs around a lopsided table, waiting for our drinks to be served, lit it and sat back, smoking slowly, enjoying the pleasant warm day and the lovely panoramic view of the palm-lined beach. The young waitress arrived with her serving tray, smiling shyly with white uneven teeth as she put three tall glasses on the table and scurried away quickly. We clinked glasses ceremoniously and drank to the week off ahead of us. We wouldn't be sailing until Thursday, and it was my first little break from work since I had joined the Helen's crew. I hadn't made my mind up yet what to do with my free time and idly wondered what sights might be worth seeing in or around Port Moresby. Mac had other plans and asked Childers in his broad Scottish accent, \"You comin' along with the mail ship tomorrow mornin'?\" \"Nah.\" Childers grimaced as he shook his head, tapping some ash onto the ground. \"I've been to your islands often enough. Not much to see except almost-naked savages and palm trees.\" He yawned ostentatiously. \"Gonna have a good time on the town, I think. Look in on Lily and see what she's got on offer.\" He grinned lewdly. \"But maybe the youngster wants to come with you. You know, I quite liked the place when I was there for the first time. It's just that it gets boring after the second visit.\" \"Good idea.\" Mac took a large swig of his drink and pointed at me with a stubby forefinger. \"You wanna see the most beautiful place in the world? I'll show ya. It's awesome, believe me. No matter what ol' Childers here says. The man ain't got no taste. Let him go to his clap house instead and catch some ugly disease. Me and you are gonna take the mail ship in the mornin', ain't we, me lad?\" He had made me curious enough with all his rhapsodic tales from the Trobriand Islands, and I nodded. \"Why not. I want to see for myself if that place is really as drop-dead gorgeous as you make it sound.\" The small steamer chugged through incredibly turquoise waters as unhurriedly as its crew of five men went about their work. I offered to help with the tasks at hand, but the captain, an old pal of Mac's who had greeted us cordially as we stepped off the gangplank, wouldn't hear of it. \"You're my guests, you and old Mac over there.\" So I went to stand in the bow of the little vessel, soaking up the sunlight, savouring the touch of the wind on my cheeks and forehead. I closed my eyes for a while, thinking of nothing, just let the breezy air rush by. When I opened my eyes, the islands had come into view ahead of us, nothing more than scattered little dots on the surface of the ocean at this moment. I couldn't take my eyes off the archipelago as we approached it and more and more details emerged from what at first had just been an indistinct green blur of rainforests above white strips of beach and the vivid gemstone blues and greens of the sea. A sudden surge of happiness bubbled up from somewhere deep within. The sight of the islands had awakened something inside me, a true appreciation of beauty, a faint residual belief in the good in life, which had been dormant for so long that I had thought it lost. Once we had arrived and I had seen a good part of the island, shown around by Mac and his friend the pearl trader, I understood what the old sailor saw in this place. It was a small paradise, mostly untouched by the modern world. The best – and the decisive – part of it all was when Henk invited me to join him and his native helpers for a day of pearl diving. It sounded very intriguing, and I was quite excited when I climbed into one of the narrow canoes just wide enough for Henk and me, so much taller and broader than the natives, to sit in. The small group of us, five or six canoes all in all, paddled out to the reef until Henk raised his hand, signaling everyone to stop. I couldn't see anything special in the spot we'd arrived at, but he told me, \"This is where the best ones are found. Just wait and see.\" Several of the lithe young men got ready to dive into the waves, staying under water amazingly long. One after the other reappeared with pearl shells in their hands, proudly passing them to Henk for inspection. \"Can I have a go, too?\" I asked on a whim. Henk gave me a puzzled glance, but said, \"Sure, why not. Mind the corals, though, those edges are much sharper than they look. You don't want to come back all cut up.\" I laughed off his concerns, quickly stripped down to my shorts and dived headfirst off the boat. The salty water stung my eyes, but I had no trouble keeping them open anyway. I was overwhelmed, almost startled, by the colourful landscape of corals spread out before me, a mute, majestic submarine world. I even saw the odd gaudy little fish weaving through the intricate maze. I could have stayed down here forever to admire this lavish show of stunning beauty. As I looked around, trying to take it all in at once, I spied a large grey shell stuck in a chink between the corals, just like those I'd seen the young divers bring up, and grabbed it a second before I had to surface for air. Henk had obviously begun to get frantic and was leaning over the far side of the canoe, scanning the waters. When I tapped him on the back, he jumped so badly that he almost made the slender boat capsize. \"Jesus, mate, I'd thought you'd drowned down there. How long have you been under? Two minutes? Three minutes? How on earth did you do that? You're almost as good as my boys here.\" I shrugged. \"Got lots of practice when I was younger.\" I showed him the shell. \"Look - is this any good?\" \"Appears fine to me. Big one, too.\" His eyes lit up in appreciation. I smiled and went under once more, this time swimming a little farther along the reef, keeping my eyes peeled for more shells. By the time Henk shouted for us to return, I had brought up six or seven oysters. They were the first ones he opened when we were back on the island. He showed me how to wrench them open with the help of a broad knife without damaging the interior, and closely scrutinized the pearls he found inside before he turned to me with a gap-toothed grin and said in his funny lilting accent, \"You've got a knack for this job. Don't you just wanna stay with me and be my partner?\" I had indeed stayed with Henk. Mac had shaken his head in disbelief when I told him of my plans, thinking I was pulling his leg, but he went back to the Helen alone, promising to bring the rest of my belongings next time he'd come here. \"Don't come crying if you're bored to death in a month's time\", he had muttered under his breath when he left. Henk and I had shared his house for a while, a pretty wooden structure with a raised porch and a breathtaking view of the ocean, until I had built myself a simple hut with the help of some of the locals. He had taught me how to recognize a truly valuable pearl, how to find the finest spots for the \"harvest\", provided some useful tips for dealing with agents and employees, explained his bookkeeping to me and told me loads of trader lore – among other things he pointed out the meaning of the colour the ring inside the pearl shell had the moment you opened it. \"If it's black, what it is most often, it means your love won't last. But if it is golden, your love will last forever.\" The next shell I opened after he'd said this had revealed a ring of gold. My quivering wry smile hadn't escaped Henk's attention, and he had been the first person apart from Mary whom I'd told about Nell. I was sure he'd keep it to himself, and in a way I was glad that he knew about my lost love. He had occasionally been wondering why I seemed to be so unusually satisfied with this solitary men's life we led. Before I'd told him my story, he'd used to say, \"Me, I'm fifty-nine and I've had my share of the ladies, but a man your age, with your looks, should make the girls swoon instead of burying yourself here with an old fart like me.\" But I was contented with my new lifestyle. I was calming down, settling in, feeling almost happy. One day, I had asked Henk to cut my hair. I had been getting more and more irritated with that mass of curls that floated annoyingly around my head and blocked my view when I was under water and became all tangled and matted as it dried. I had thought I looked strange with the new haircut, quite serious and a lot older, but it was much more practical that way and I got used to that fearfully grown-up bloke staring back at me from my shaving mirror, that guy who, scarily, could have been my dad's identical twin. We were good partners, Henk and I, and we might have had a great successful pearl-trading future if he hadn't received a letter one day which said his older brother had been killed in an industrial accident. \"I've always promised my mum I'd come back if something happened to Theo\", he had said simply, packed up his things and left. I had bought his house and boat off him at the fair price he was asking. I was very sorry to see him go, but I knew he'd taught me enough that I could make it alone in the pearl business, and it was rather nice to have my own boat and a larger and more comfortable house. While I took the latter as it was, I had painstakingly overhauled his somewhat shabby twenty-year-old schooner called Floortje , crowning my week-long efforts by painting a new name on the side of her bow once everything else was finished. She was a proud, elegant beauty with her new dark red sails and her fresh coat of varnish. I named her in honour of the woman who still occupied the foremost place in my heart, the smiling young girl whose picture I had put up in her small cabin. Nellie. I threw her another affectionate glance across the moonlit beach from where I was sitting now. She had been the only lady in my life in these past years on the island. A faithful companion, she had carried me through sunshine and storms without fail. Sometimes it almost felt as if she had something like a soul. I loved her just as I had loved the Blue Seahorse so long ago in Maine. She was the part of my dreams that had come true in the end, a ship of my own that helped me earn my living and maintain my independence. I must have fallen asleep amid my musings on the beach, for I awoke in bright sunlight, slumped over in an uncomfortable half-sitting position against the stem of a coconut palm. I stretched and shook myself and walked back to my porch to make some strong coffee that would wake me up, sipping the hot liquid slowly while I fixed myself something to eat. As usual, I met my crew on the beach right after breakfast, while the day was still young. We set out in our little flotilla of canoes, spending the best part of the morning out on the reef, and returned around noontime, tired but happy about an even better yield than yesterday's. As usual, we were expected by a merry crowd greeting us with loud cries and whoops as we drew nearer, running to help pull the canoes ashore. Keyala had been the most successful pearl hunter of the day once more, and I put my arm around his bony shoulders and hugged him affectionately as we got off the boat and walked up the beach. I stopped in my tracks when I saw them. The new arrivals I had all but forgotten about. I felt an ironic smirk creep into my face when I saw I'd been so right about the professor. Tall, blond, only too aware of his good looks, impeccably dressed in tropical white from head to toe and immensely full of himself. We faced each other for a moment, each one appraising the other, before we exchanged a cool greeting. I cut his attempt at small talk short with a sarcastic assessment of their fitness for living in this place and walked off. My name, called out in a crisp, clear, female voice, made me turn back. The professor's wife. She wasn't the dowdy creature I had imagined, I realized. She must be at least ten, but more likely fifteen years his junior, a petite red-haired young woman who looked freely up at me, straight into my eyes, and boldly challenged me to bet on how long they were going to last in this place. \"My husband's watch against your finest pearl.\" Hiding my utter astonishment behind a mask of cool amusement, as if indulging a precocious child, I shook her hand with a solemn face, all the while thinking that was going to be an easy one, and told her quite tartly, \"You've got a bet, lady!\" With that, I finally took my leave of the professor and his surprisingly perky spouse. Back home, I set the bag holding the day's harvest aside and reached up for the small palm-leaf box on the top shelf that held what I considered my loveliest pearl, a large, perfectly rounded, shimmering orb I had whimsically christened \"Teardrop from the Moon\". I held it up against the sun and admired the warm golden glow it assumed in the light. For a second, I envisioned its beauty set off against fair smooth skin and red-golden hair before I laid it back into its bed of soft gold-flecked tissue paper very quickly, but not without care, and hastily put the box back where it belonged. Tossing my hat aside, I scratched my head, momentarily baffled and mortified about my own wayward behaviour, then checked myself and went to sit down to examine the freshly found pearls as if nothing had happened, working the way I always worked, a cigarette firmly stuck between my lips, the familiar scales in my hand, Henk's old ledger open on the table beside the wooden case that held the weights. Business as usual. Almost. Quand le navire lourd et massif S'est éventré sur les récifs Moi qui me croyais disparu Sans une planche de salut J'ai découvert une île Qui protège et rassure Un abri sans parure Où soigner mes blessures Quand le navire s'est affaissé Comme un titan désemparé Dans un chaos de bois brisé De tôleries enchêvetrées J'ai découvert une île Qui protège et rassure Un abri sans parure Où soigner mes blessures Quand le navire s'est englouti Comme un soleil avant la nuit Quittant le ciel pour d'autres mondes Pleins de silences et d'eaux profondes J'ai découvert une île Qui protège et rassure Un abri sans parure Où soigner mes blessures ","Summary":" Travelling the South Sea, Mick eventually finds a new home in a tiny island. This is my version of "},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"A Surprise Gift","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9949262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Christmas wouldn't be Christmas without writing a little holiday story. Here's this year's offering - an episode from Mick's childhood, accompanied by a verse from one of my favourite Christmas carols, In the Bleak Midwinter: What can I give him, poor as I am? If I were a shepherd, I would bring a lamb If I were a wise man, I would do my part What can I give him? Give my heart. Bone tired after another long workday, Alice put on her coat and tied her scarf around her neck tightly. She loathed this awful winter weather. She never seemed to find a way to keep herself warm for more than a few minutes, and she dreaded the moment she would step outside and the cold would pounce on her like a predator and never let go until she had walked the two miles home. She pulled a pair of soft black leather gloves from her pocket and slipped them on. In the dim light of the back hallway, it wasn't apparent how badly scratched they were and there was a little tear at the bottom of the left one. They weren't very presentable any more, but she couldn't bear to throw them out. Henry had given them to her the first Christmas after their wedding. Her lips twitched into a sad wry smile when she remembered how young and hopeful and happy they had been, and how much she had loved him for not wasting what little money he had on some flashy piece of jewelry. Instead, he had thoughtfully chosen something that had appealed both to her love of beautiful things and her practical sense. She had never cared much for silver and gold. She had always thought there would be enough time for that later, once he had earned a good name as the skillful tailor he was and the little workshop he had opened in the largest room of their modest home yielded some more profit. One year later, when Henry presented her with a new coat of thick, soft charcoal wool, perfectly cut to fit her figure, they had already been a family, with a little boy of not quite two months sleeping peacefully by the small Christmas tree in the old cradle Alice herself had once lain in. How he had managed to make it without her noticing anything she had never found out, but he must have invested hours and hours of loving, accurate work to produce such a beautiful garment. The fine fabric had long since worn thin at the elbows and, like her gloves, bore the traces of many years of use, but she could not bring herself to replace it either. It was not just that she couldn't afford a new coat of comparable quality, although financial worries had been her permanent companions for three years now and she was glad that she had managed to buy her boy something small but nice for Christmas, something that he wouldn't have needed anyway, and a gift for each of her parents who had done so much to help her. Mostly, it was because of him. Suddenly this terrible, consuming loneliness grabbed hold of her again, like a cold knife plunged into that spot just above her stomach, reopening a deep wound she'd thought had healed a bit. Alice bit her lip and squeezed her eyes shut for a second, forcing herself to get a grip. Nothing would be gained by crying in this chilly tiled hallway. She couldn't change the fact that she was alone with her only child. That she barely had enough money to provide the most necessary staples of everyday life, and wouldn't have known what to do if it hadn't been for her parents' unconditional help. That the beautiful, funny, caring man she had wanted to grow old with had not been hers for more than half a dozen years when the war had claimed his life. She wiped away the tear that had escaped her eye with her gloved hand, took a deep breath and walked down the corridor to leave through the back door, carefully making sure it was properly closed. She rounded the corner of the large house and passed the front entrance, where a large wreath of fir green hung, adorned with red ribbons and tasteful white and golden ornaments. Just as she walked by, the door opened and Mrs. Phillips appeared, fashionable as ever in a striped dress of a rather daring length and a white cashmere shawl thrown carelessly around her shoulders. \"Alice!\" she called out, beckoning her to the doorstep. \"I'm sorry - there's something I forgot …\" For a split second, Alice considered ignoring her and just trudging on through the snow that lay three inches high after a day of repeated snowfall. Esther Phillips was a nice enough woman, but she tended to be a little unfocused and had the unfortunate tendency to intercept Alice when she was just about to go home, asking her very politely and very urgently to take care of some matter she had neglected to mention earlier. Of course, Alice did not simply walk on. It was not in her nature to be disobedient, and anyway, she could not afford to lose this position. Resignedly, she waited for Mrs. Phillips to ask her to brush up the green velvet dress or to mend a rip she had discovered in the silk slip she intended to wear tonight. \"Come up here, Alice, don't stand around in that snow\", Mrs. Phillips added a trifle impatiently. Alice had not even noticed that it had begun to snow again, very lightly. Feeling dumpy and outdated in her old coat and sturdy boots, she joined the other woman, bracing herself for the assignment that would keep her from her boy, and from the rest she craved so much, for yet another hour or so. Only when Mrs. Phillips stretched out a manicured hand that held a small cream-coloured envelope did she realize this was not about extra work for once. \"You know we're leaving early tomorrow morning to see my sister in Boston, and we won't be back until after the holiday, so here's a little premature present for you. I want you to treat yourself to something lovely, and get something nice for dear young Mick, too.\" Alice was utterly surprised - at the gift and, even more so, at the fact that the woman remembered her son's name. Mrs. Phillips had always been a reliable employer who paid her wages punctually every month and treated her well, but she had never seemed to care a lot about Alice's private life and had never bestowed any gifts on her, not for her birthday, not for Christmas nor any other occasion. Stammering her thanks, she carefully tucked the envelope into her pocket and went on her way, feeling a little warmer and a little more light-hearted. She smiled silently to herself when she hung up her coat in the tiny hallway of her childhood home, thinking of how she had paused below a street lamp to peek inside the envelope of classy vat paper, incredulously gaping at the ten-dollar note it contained. She wasn't going to tell anyone about this sudden wealth. She'd just go into town after work tomorrow, taking advantage of the Phillipses' absence, which meant she'd be off early, and get the train set Mick had so admired in a toyshop window, sure that it was one of many things he'd never own, and a pretty new scarf for her mother, and some of the good pipe tobacco her father loved but hardly ever bought because he found it too expensive. The kitchen was quiet when she entered, greeting her parents in a low voice. Her mother was mending one of Mick's wool stockings, while her father puffed his pipe, a tiny smile playing around his lips, his eyes trained on the brown sofa in the corner by the door. This was where Mick was sleeping, as always with one arm firmly wrapped around a corner of the quilt, his face half buried in the pillow so that only his right cheek was visible among a tumble of black curls. A stab of guilt went through her as she knelt on the worn rag rug, gently smoothed some locks away from his face and kissed him very softly on the cheek that had already begun to lose some of its childish plumpness. He was growing up so fast, and she was missing so much of it while she was away to keep the Phillipses' house in order, spending most of her time catering to a spoiled woman's needs instead of her own son's. She hadn't even been around when he had fallen from the pear tree last summer, breaking his arm. It had been her father who had taken him to the doctor's and her mother who had dried his tears. By the time she came home, he had been over the shock and the worst of the pain and seemed to be finding it quite amusing to try and eat his dinner one-handed, barely pausing to show her his plaster cast. The memory still made her want to weep now, half a year later, with the fracture all healed and the whole episode just a little adventure story her son liked to tell once in a while. Mick burrowed his head deeper into his pillow and made a little sleepy sound. Alice kissed the back of his neck below the mass of curls and kept her face there for a moment, inhaling the scent of clean little boy, willing him to forgive her for yet another late night, before she got to her feet and walked over to the table. \"Have you eaten, Alice?\" her mother asked in this particular, all-too-caring tone she hated. The peaceful happiness she had felt earlier was gone already. \"Yes, Mother. They aren't treating me like a slave, you know. They allow me to eat and drink occasionally, and I can even go to the bathroom if I have to.\" When she saw the hurt look in her mother's eyes, she grudgingly added, \"Sorry for being grumpy, Ma. I'm awfully tired, and it has been the third time this week that I came home after Mick had gone to bed. I think it's best if I go to bed now, too.\" She went upstairs and lay down in her old room, finding she was too tired to even sleep. Behind closed eyelids, her thoughts were running riot. She tried to picture Mick's face when he would unwrap his unexpected big present. His large green eyes lighting up in genuine joyful surprise were a sight she had seen way too rarely in those recent years. He knew that his family was not rich and pricey presents were out of the question, and Alice was glad that he accepted the fact without ever complaining and seemed happy with what small gifts he received for his birthday and for Christmas, but she was sure he must have some big secret desires, however unrealistic, as every eight-year-old does. But not every eight-year-old would keep from uttering them aloud the way Mick did. This year, Mick's letter to Santa Claus only asked for a little Christmas tree, and some candy, a new pair of gloves, some very small items of fishing gear and a wind-up airplane. Behind the latter, he had written in his childish block letters, Only if it isent too expansive! While she was somewhat proud of him for not making things even harder for her by demanding too much, his modesty and his rational attitude broke her heart. Once again, Mick was being far too sensible for his young age. A kid like him should put lots of unreasonable, expensive, fantastic item on his wish list, should gripe and grouch and argue when he was told this was way beyond the family budget. Alice wished she could give him all that he dreamed of. He would have deserved it; he was such a good boy, the light of her dreary life, the one reason that kept her going, kept her striving and struggling to save as much as she could so they would be able to live on their own again one day. Whatever she was doing, she was doing it for him so he would have a perspective, a good life in the future. The least she could do was get him the small things he asked for, and she always had. Almost always. The year Henry had died, she had inquired what he wanted for Christmas, and all he had said was, \"I want Daddy back.\" She had closed her eyes to keep from crying and said very softly, \"I know you do, but you see … that's … that's not possible.\" \"Not even if I won't ask for any other presents?\" he had pleaded earnestly. \"I just want Daddy to come back, nothing else.\" \"Oh, Mickey … you know your daddy's in heaven now, don't you?\" \"Yes, but … what if I promise to be good all the time? Won't he come back then?\" She had not been able to answer him immediately, tears choking up her voice. She had hugged the child to her chest and whispered, \"It's not possible, lovey, it just isn't. Please … please stop asking, will you?\" He had given her a tearful look of utter dejection and disappointment and never broached the subject again. The moment remained burned into her memory to this day, and she felt her throat constrict again at the thought. Sleep , she told herself firmly. Don't get stuck on painful memories. Sleep and dream a happy dream of this year's Christmas. It will be almost too good to be true, thanks to that little green note in your coat pocket. The next morning, Alice hardly felt the chill of the unheated room when she threw back the covers. When sleep had finally come, she had not awoken until her alarm clock sounded at six, and she felt well rested and full of energy, fueled by the prospect of a mercifully short workday and the little shopping spree she was planning. Over night, more snow had fallen. Just perfect for the first day of the children's Christmas break. Mick was no doubt going to have a lot of fun out in the snow with a friend or two. She tiptoed downstairs to brew herself a cup of tea and have a slice of toast, making as little noise as possible so the boy wouldn't wake up. He kept sleeping soundly all through her hurried breakfast and didn't even stir when she kissed him goodbye. The day flew by quickly. Today, Alice wasn't fighting tears and exhaustion in the tiled hallway as she geared up for her walk through the snow and the cold. Her heart was singing. She felt like a millionaire with the ten-dollar note in her pocket that would bring some additional Christmas joy to her family the day after tomorrow. She found herself humming O Come All Ye Faithful as she let the back door snap shut behind her and walked through the snow with a spring in her step despite the clunky boots she wore. How Mick would love his train set, and her mother her scarf, and her father probably wouldn't say much but be quick to pack his pipe and smoke it luxuriously. She pushed a hand into her pocket as she went, just to make sure the little envelope was still there, to feel it was real. There was nothing. Hastily, she checked the other pocket, although she was sure she had tucked it into the right one. The left pocket was just as empty except for a crumpled handkerchief. This was impossible. Maybe she just hadn't felt the envelope with the leather gloves on. She pulled one of them off, but all her bare fingertips touched was the smooth cool lining of the pocket. There was a small hole in the corner, but it was way too small for the envelope to have slipped through. She had lost it somehow. \"No, no, no!\" she murmured, close to tears, retracing her steps back to the Phillipses' home, her eyes frantically scanning the ground. Nothing. Not in the snow, not under a bush or scrub along the way, not in the Phillipses' hallway. \"Damn!\" The oath had escaped her before she knew it. She leaned against the back door, buried her face in her hands, pressing her palms to her burning cheeks and willing herself not to weep and not to give up so easily. Maybe the precious envelope had slid out of her pocket unnoticed when she had come home the night before, or on her way to work this morning. She mustn't lose hope so quickly. She had no eye for the beauty of the sunny winter day as she took the familiar route back home. The only thing she actually saw was what wasn't there. No soaked envelope, no ten-dollar bill, nobody who had found anything. Mick was playing in the street with Thomas Corcoran and Billy Mulligan. They were so busy building a snow fortress that he only called a casual \"Hi, Mommy\" out to her as she passed. She hardly noticed. Both her parents were out. She was glad no one saw her as she searched all over the house and in the end had to admit it had all been in vain. How could she have been so careless? Why hadn't she put the money into her purse to keep it safe? Why hadn't she made sure she still had the envelope when she arrived home? She remembered blowing her nose once or twice on the way to work in the morning. Maybe the envelope had been tangled up with the hankie and dropped to the ground unnoticed, getting snowed over or whipped away by a gust of wind. No use crying over spilt milk, she told herself. Too late now. She cried anyway. \"What's wrong? Has something happened, Mommy?\" She hadn't realized Mick had come in until he spoke to her. For a minute, she just stared at him. \"Mommy! Is it something bad? Like … like when Daddy …\" His voice trailed off. \"No, nothing like that.\" His relief was palpable. He had never got over that moment in the kitchen three years ago that had shattered his carefree little world. Still, he sensed something was off and repeated, \"What's wrong, Mommy?\" \"You know how it feels when you have done something stupid, don't you, Mickey?\" He nodded meaningfully, and she told him about the stupid thing she had done, losing ten precious dollars. He listened attentively, but he didn't seem to understand fully why she was so worked up, having no concept of how much ten dollars would buy. \"You see, it would … it would have meant Santa Claus could bring you the wind-up train set we saw at Livingston's, the big one. I thought you'd love it so much. Grandpa would have helped you build a little landscape around the tracks with little trees and houses and …\" She broke off helplessly. The boy's expressive face showed a rapid succession of emotions before he said in a very grown-up, very matter-of-fact tone, \"Oh, don't worry, Mommy. In a year or two, I'd have been too old for it anyway, and all the money would have been wasted.\" Alice swallowed hard. It was plain to see that he was disappointed, but he just wouldn't allow himself to rage and rant and blame her. His resigned acceptance of things as they were left her feeling worse than a childish tantrum would have. It was not for the first time that she felt her son had somehow been cheated of his childhood. She tried hard not to let her parents see how upset she was and somehow got through the day, and the next, by helping her mother with the holiday cleaning until every room the house was spick and span from floor to ceiling. Mick was on his grandfather's heels as they went to get their Christmas tree. He proudly helped him carry it home and put it up in the sitting-room. It was a small tree, and a little bent, too, but Mick was all aglow with excitement, eyes glittering and cheeks bright pink, when they had finished decorating it. \"It's beautiful, isn't it?\" he said, beaming up at his mother as he pressed himself against her side in a rare show of affection. She put her arm around his slim wiry frame and held him tight. \"Yes, it is. Very well done, Mickey. Santa Claus will be very pleased.\" \"Really? You know, I wish I could stay up all night and watch him bring the gifts!\" \"But you can't \", Alice said sternly. \"Don't you know he's going to turn around without leaving any presents behind if he sees as much as the shadow of a child?\" her father chimed in. \"I'd rather not take any chances if I were you.\" Mick grinned and nodded. \"No, better not take any chances about the gifts. Oh!\" he exclaimed suddenly, as if he had remembered something. \"I need to … do something, alone. Can I use your room for a while, Mommy?\" \"Why, yes, if you're finished by dinner time. Don't forget we're eating at six!\" He was already halfway up the stairs by the time she had finished speaking. \"Have you got any idea what he is up to?\" Alice asked her mother. \"No, I don't. Do you, John?\" Mary called into the direction of her husband who was picking a few fir needles off the carpet. \"Not at all. I guess he's putting his finishing touches on some gift or other, a drawing or some other handicraft. Remember the little boat he carved me last year, Alice?\" \"Of course I do. I just hope he's not going to leave wood shavings all over my bed\", Alice said dryly. \"Oh, come on, Alice. Don't be too strict with him.\" John Walsh laid a callused hand on his daughter's thin shoulder and squeezed it, the closest he ever came to a loving embrace. \"It is Christmas after all.\" Alice only gave him a tired smile and wished she hadn't spoiled the Christmas spirit for herself so badly. Knowing from experience that he would be too agitated to sleep early, Alice allowed Mick to stay up long past his usual bedtime and played cards with him at the kitchen table, something the boy enjoyed immensely because it was such a rare thing to happen. Around nine o'clock, when he could hardly keep his eyes open, Alice gently urged him to go to bed. As she tucked him in, he gave her a sleepy grin and said, \"Can't wait for tomorrow. I have such a great gift for you. Something really special.\" \"I'm sure you have, love.\" She gave him a kiss. \"Good night, Mickey. Sleep tight, and have sweet Christmas dreams.\" Christmas Day dawned bright and clear, and Alice was in a festive mood despite the misfortune that was still grating on her. She got dressed and went to wake Mick, who was lying on the sofa so quietly, with his eyes so firmly shut, that it was clear he was just pretending to sleep. \"Good morning, darling. Time to get up and see if Santa Claus was here in the night!\" Mick was off the sofa in no time and dashed upstairs to get changed. No five minutes later, he was back in his best clothes, with his blue V-neck sweater inside out and only one shoe laced up properly. Alice laughed and set about putting things right against her son's protest, then made him eat a bit of breakfast with her and his grandparents, although he pulled a face at this unnecessary delay. Finally, the women and Mick got up and went into the sitting-room. Alice's father had sneaked out under some pretence earlier to light the candles on the tree, which was a splendid sight now. The soft golden glow took away the slight shabbiness of the room and made the old-fashioned furniture look almost stylish. Mick gave a heartfelt \"Ooooh\" when he entered the room, and he seemed very happy and satisfied with his Christmas loot once he had inspected the contents of his stocking and opened the presents. \"Look, I even got the model airplane, Mommy!\" he cried. \"It can really fly! I'll show you in a minute! But first of all …\" He paused and looked about under the tree, where one small colourful package was left. He went to pick it up and ceremoniously presented it to Alice. \"Here's yours. Merry Christmas, Mommy!\" He wrapped his arms around her waist, and she bent to kiss him on the forehead before she solemnly accepted her gift. It was not actually a package, she saw now, it was a small colourful envelope, folded from a notepad sheet, its size not unlike that fateful one she had lost. It was decorated with stars and trees and Santa Claus, all done in coloured pencil, and two crooked lines in black ink said, \"To Dearest Mommy! Merry Chrismas!\" She slowly turned it over in her hands. Mick called out impatiently, \"Open it, Mommy! Open it!\" She untucked the flap and froze when she saw what was inside. A folded ten-dollar bill. \"Mick\", she said, her voice quivering. \"Mick, where did you get this?\" \"But Mommy … aren't you happy?\" \"Yes, yes, I am … very happy. But, Mickey … that's a lot of money, and I'm really curious to know where you got it.\" \"Um … I … I found it\", he replied haltingly. \"You found it?\" Alice could hardly believe her ears. She hoped to God he was telling the truth and at the same time feared that he wasn't. \"Yes. I found it yesterday.\" He had been playing in the snow again in the morning of Christmas Eve with a bunch of other boys from the neighbourhood. He, Billy and Thomas had erected a solid wall of snow, a real fortress, the previous day, and now they wanted to have a jolly good snowball fight with the other kids. Mick had ventured into the Sheltons' front yard to harvest some more snow for ammunition when his gaze suddenly fell on something below the hazel bush, something half sticking out of the snow. It was a little envelope that might once have been white or cream-coloured. Now it was wet and dirty and looked like it had blown away from an overflowing garbage can. Well, he could still use it to play, couldn't he? Pretending he had stumbled on a secret message from a spy, he took it over to where his friends were busy making loads of snowballs and opened it with all the others watching. He had expected it to be empty, and the sight of the ten-dollar note struck him like lightning. He immediately thought of what his mother had told him the evening before. She had been so terribly sad about the lost money, and now he had come across this! But could he really keep it? Surely someone was going to miss it just as badly as his mom had missed hers, and he'd be in big trouble if anyone found out he had taken it. He had a heated discussion with his friends about what to do now. In the end, they went knocking on all the doors in the neighbourhood, asking had someone lost ten dollars. \" I'd have noticed long before\", old Mr. Shelton said. \" I wish\", Mrs. Friars said. \" I keep a tight grip on my cash if I have any\", Mr. Tillotson said. \" No need to ask our parents\", Billy's brother Jack said. \"We're dirt poor. If we ever have a ten-dollar bill, it goes right into food or clothes or Daddy's workshop. No chance of it fluttering away without anyone noticing.\" \" Look at that envelope\", Thomas said. \"That's an expensive one. My mother's got stationery like that, from Aunt Clarissa in New York, which she only ever uses for very special occasions.\" \" So it's probably some posh sumbitch that lost it\", Billy concluded, belatedly looking about for his mother, who would have washed his mouth with soap had she heard him use such language. She was sweeping the yard but safely out of earshot. \"What do you think, boys? If no one misses it, I'd say you can keep it, Mick!\" Glad that nobody had suggested that he share his find with the rest of them, Mick had carried it home with a warm feeling in his tummy. This was going to be one special Christmas after all. He pictured his mother opening the envelope, clapping her hands to her mouth, overwhelmed with joy. A few times, his conscience piped up, asking if he was really sure it was a posh sumbitch who had lost the money. He silenced the nagging voice by telling himself that he had tried his best to find the owner of the note, that a posh sumbitch certainly wouldn't starve if he was stupid enough to lose ten dollars, and besides, he was going to make his mother very happy, which was a good thing, wasn't it? When she didn't comment on his tale right after he had finished, he looked at her big-eyed, lip trembling. \"Are you angry? Do you think it was wrong to take it, Mommy?\" he asked in a pleading voice. She hesitated, trying to find the right words. \"Oh, it was wrong!\" His eyes grew moist. \"It was wrong after all!\" A large tear rolled down his face. \"I thought I had such a terrific gift for you, a real gift, not just a silly child's gift, and now you're mad at me!\" Alice gently wiped his tears away with the back of her hand. She sat down in a worn armchair and had Mick sit on the armrest. He kept his face turned away and his back rigid, utterly mortified. She touched his shoulder and said, \"I'm not mad at you. You haven't done anything wrong, love. You wanted to make me happy, which is a lovely thing to do. It was also very good of you to try and find the owner of the money. Not every boy would have done that. Many would simply have kept it without thinking someone might be missing it. But did it never occur to you it might be the very money I'd lost? Why didn't you think to ask me when you went to ask the neighbours?\" His eyes widened in horror, and his mouth dropped open. \"It was a little cream-coloured envelope, made of a thick kind of paper, wasn't it?\" Alice said softly. Mick nodded, staring at the swirling floral pattern of the carpet, shifting uneasily, sniffling. \"I wanted it to be a surprise\", he said tonelessly, tears streaming down his cheeks again. \"I just wanted to make you happy because you were so sad.\" In his distress, he gave up his big-boy attitude, turned and crumpled into a miserable heap at his mother's shoulder. \"And if it was yours all along, it wasn't a real gift at all\", he sobbed. \"But you did make me happy, love\", she said, stroking his silky black curls. \"And don't you think it is a beautiful gift to get something back you thought you'd lost, something precious?\" \"That's not a gift \", Mick murmured into her dress. \"Not a real one.\" \"Real gift or no - what Christmas is actually about is not gifts. It's about love, and about making people happy, which is exactly what you did.\" Alice kissed him on the top of his head. \"And now stop crying, my lad\", John, who had been watching in silence all the time, told his grandson. \"No more talk about that dratted money. Your mom is happy to have it back, and I want to see if that airplane thingy really flies.\" Mick looked up with a shaky smile, wiped his face with his sleeve and was soon engrossed in demonstrating the wind-up airplane with the important attitude of an expert technician. His grandfather duly admired it zipping around the room and once or twice lunged to prevent a fatal collision with the glass ornaments on the tree. Alice and her mother watched them with an amused eye, talking in low voices about what had just happened. Half seriously, Alice mused, \"If only he'd given me the money before Christmas. Just think of the gifts it would have bought.\" Apparently, her tone had not been hushed enough. Mick looked up from his plane, smiled at her brightly across the room and said in a grown-up tone, \"Mommy. Christmas isn't all about the presents! No more talk about those dratted gifts!\" ","Summary":" Christmas wouldn't be Christmas without writing a little holiday story. Here's this year's offering"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Decisions","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8839876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first attempt at filling in the gap left between Evelyn's departure and the final scenes in the movie. I've been wondering for a long time what could actually have driven Mick to join the army in the end, as he appeared not at all keen on getting involved in the war in any way at first. This is what I think might have happened. One note on the historical accuracy of this story: I have twisted the facts a little to fit my purposes; there were actually no Japanese attacks on the Trobriands except for one episode of accidental bombing. The arrival of the Americans and their development activites are facts, though. Again, I have picked a title song that deals with another period in history – William Butler Yeats wrote this poem about an Irish airman in World War I – but I simply love the way the Waterboys have set it to music, and there are two reasons why I chose it for a certain U.S. infantryman in World War II: It has this beautifully sad oboe solo that is as haunting as the music in the train station scene in the movie, and there are some lines that I think express perfectly how Mick feels about this war he is getting involved in after all, whether he wants to or not. The Waterboys - An Irish Airman Foresees His Death (Lyrics: William Butler Yeats ) I know that I shall meet my fate Somewhere among the clouds above Those I fight I do not hate Those I guard I do not love My country is Kiltartan Cross My countrymen Kiltartan's poor No likely end could bring them loss Or leave them happier than before The voices. I simply could not get rid of the voices. I could make the recurring images fade when I tried very hard, but the voices remained, repeating themselves over and over in my head. They sounded just as real as the snoring and sniffling of my sleeping comrades and the creaking of their bunks when one of them turned over. „What are you doing?\" Evelyn's voice, puzzled, taken aback. „God be with you, Michael.\" John MacGregor's priestly baritone, superficially calm as usual but with an underlying note of urgency, as if he thought I would surely need some support from above now. \"Mick?\" Baffled, questioning, half afraid but still half hopeful she might be wrong, she had begun to realize I obviously wasn't coming. \"Mick!\" Her voice sharper now, pleading, starting to panic. \"Mick! Mick!\" A desperate, distressed cry that tore at my heart. I had only cast one last short glance into her direction, to make sure she wouldn't do anything rash like throwing herself over board. Seeing she was safe for now, caught up in MacGregor's arms, who was tall and strong enough to restrain her despite her fierce struggling and screaming, I had rowed away quickly, feeling miserable. Wondering how she was doing, I rolled over on my other side, wiping sweat from my damp forehead. The lumpy mattress of my bunk seemed unbearably knobby and hard tonight and the flat old pillow hardly existent, reminding me of how we'd slept on the bare ground with just a thin mat to lie on after she and I had fled to the cave, the morning after we had made love in my tiny coastwatcher's hut. The morning when the Jap boats had drawn nearer to the island than ever before, bringing the war that hadn't been more than a distant threat to me all along, even as I became a spotter for the U.S. Army, too close to keep ignoring it. I had foolishly hoped I could sit through it all more or less uninvolved on my little island, but how could I have hoped this all-encompassing madness that ravaged the world would pass me by, me and the place I had come to call home? Evelyn had insisted on staying with me, she had said she didn't mind the inconvenience of our rocky shelter and the imminent danger of the Japanese boats off the island's shore as long as we were together, and I had believed her, for she was no longer the spoiled city girl with the soft white hands blistering quickly after a long session at the typewriter. She had sat through weeks of mourning in the cage she'd made me build, unfazed by weather and hunger and insects; she had come to understand and appreciate the simple, frugal way I was living my life, and she was ready to make a sacrifice to be with me. But I could not possibly allow her to her sacrifice her precious life – her lovely body, her brilliant mind. This was getting way too dangerous for a woman. When a Japanese shell hit the rock not far from the entrance of the cave, MacGregor and I finally decided it was time. My army contact organised the pick-up for 6 AM two days later. At this time of morning, there would be just enough light to navigate safely, but not so much that the boat would be too easy a target for the Nips. It was all I could do not to lock her into a tight embrace and kiss her goodbye passionately as we packed up our things, not more than we could effortlessly carry. She must not get wind of my plan to stay behind for a bit longer, otherwise she'd refuse to go. So I only brushed her cheek fleetingly with my lips before we made our way to the beach, my heart cold and heavy in my chest like a big black clump of stone, growing even heavier when I put her on the boat with John and backed away hastily, feeling like a traitor, like a father abandoning his trusting child. I had been sure at the time that I was doing the right thing in staying; it was my home after all, it was where I belonged, and I'd certainly not run away from there in times of hardship. I'd do my best to help my island and its people and bring Evelyn back somehow as soon as the fighting was over. Her voice still echoed in my mind so many months later. For a long time before I met her, I had always managed to push loss and defeat into a back corner of my mind, hardening my shell, building a wall around myself to let no one and nothing touch me too much. Evelyn had cracked that shell, broken down my defence, reinstated a bit of my trust in life, leading me to expect good things to come my way after all. The onset of the war in earnest had therefore caught me with my guard down. My head understood that I had to let her go if I wanted to stay on. It would have been foolhardy for her to stick around any longer without necessity. Still, it cut me to the bone to see her leave, making me wish I had retained this ability to detach myself from the past and go on, mirthlessly perhaps, but looking ahead, not back. I had a lot of time to think, alone in this place that might blow up in my face any second for all I knew. Hidden among the rocks, keeping a low profile as I tried to do my spotter's duty, I couldn't stop revisiting those rare precious memories I had of her, again and again reliving the short blissful night we had shared in my hut, or the late evening when I'd asked her to dance, or the day she'd come along for the pearling, the day I had handed her a pearl shell to open as I told her Henk's old legend and she had found a golden ring inside. It wasn't long after her departure, not even a week, that the Americans landed on the island. By then, the village and its surroundings had been shelled several times, which was momentarily reassuring me it had been right after all to send Evelyn out of the danger zone as quickly as possible. The natives, who had mostly retreated into the forest after the first attack on the village, were frightened and apprehensive, newly wary of all strangers, even of me, who had no interest in the war but a great interest in this place and its inhabitants. But I was the last foreigner staying behind, and although they had known me for so long that we had become friends as far as the differences in culture and language would allow, I sensed that the numerous attacks had sowed distrust among them. They probably weren't entirely wrong in assuming that these Western occupants, almost all of whom had fled by now, had brought this war to their peaceful homeland in the first place and then run away to safety, leaving them in the lurch. Very early one quiet morning after the arrival of the Americans, I ventured into the direction of the village, hoping that at this time of day it would be safe to go and pick up some bits and pieces at my house that might be useful in the cave. I had left as good as everything that wasn't absolutely necessary behind when I took up my coast-watching duty, thinking I could easily walk the mile or so back to my house between shifts, as I hadn't really reckoned with the island taking such heavy shelling. And, naïvely, I hadn't reckoned that my home, situated about half a mile from the village, would have suffered any damage. I was quite shaken to see what was left of it when I turned the last bend of the winding jungle path in the mellow light of dawn that day. Part of the roof had collapsed under the weight of two palm trees that had been felled by a Japanese attack. One half of the structure had remained largely intact, but what had been my bedroom was just a heap of splintered wooden beams and broken furniture. When I inspected the rubble, I was saddened to find part of my treasured little collection of records lying scattered all over the floor, most of them broken. The rest was gone. All the pearls I had left behind in their little cardboard boxes had been stolen, too, and so had the gramophone. The voluminous ledger I'd used for my bookkeeping had been carelessly thrown into the porch along with much of the other loose inventory, most of it ruined, where the tropical humidity and a few torrential rainstorms had rendered my painstaking documentation all but useless. It was just as well, I thought. The book wouldn't have been much use anyway, other than the sentimental value it had held for me, now that the pearls were gone. I didn't waste much time wondering who had actually done the looting – the natives or the Japs or maybe even some of my newly arrived compatriots. It didn't really matter, and I forced myself not to dwell on the loss for long. With a resigned shrug, I went back to the cave with just a small bundle tucked under my arm. At least, I had been able to rescue my scales, some of the weights and a few items of clothing that had been trampled into the dirt but were still usable. Apart from the most basic staples of survival I kept in the cave anyway, that was all I had now – that and the small tin box containing some photos and my father's fountain pen. And the Teardrop from the Moon, safe inside my pocket, carefully wrapped in several layers of gold-flecked tissue paper. Gradually, I was beginning to wonder about my future. Now that the Americans were here physically, I guessed they wouldn't require my services as a coastwatcher for much longer. I knew that they were clearing a large space in the northwest of the island to build an airfield and working to establish a seaplane base on the northern tip. More and more troops were coming in, and I had a hunch I'd become dispensable for them rather sooner than later once they had set up their own better-equipped and better-trained observation posts. There wasn't much hope of taking up the pearl trade again before this war ended, God knew when. It had become far too dangerous to take a boat out into our usual pearling grounds, and even if I had managed to make it there and back again safely, whom would I have sold my pearls to? As far as I knew, my agent had stopped coming to Port Moresby quite a while ago. Maybe the Japs would focus more on the north of the island now that the U.S. Army was at work there, which would make it relatively safe to return to the village. Repairing the damage my home had suffered would certainly keep me busy for a while, and maybe, just maybe, all that fighting would be over by then. The next afternoon, two small Japanese planes began circling overhead. Nothing new to me, so I ignored them largely and concentrated on the soiled shirts I was trying to wash out in a dented, leaking tin pail by the entrance of the cave. Until one of the planes suddenly took a dive for the village, dropped off its fatal cargo and speedily soared again, quickly dissolving into a tiny spot in the sky. The tremendous shockwaves of the exploding bombs shook the cave, and for a horrible moment, I feared it was going to collapse and bury me alive. However, nothing happened except for a few smaller bits of rock tumbling down. I lay still for a while until I guessed I could risk leaving the cave and walk over to the village to see if I could do anything to help. I didn't come as far as the village. I had been hearing the ominous pop and crackle and rush of the fire and smelling the acrid smoke for quite a while on my way and thought it must be a small grove of palm trees burning. It was a few palm trees all right but also my house that was on fire. There was nothing I could do. The flames were way too high and too menacing for me to stand any chance at putting them out or to even come closer. I didn't feel a lot at the moment. It was just too much. I simply turned and walked away, went back to my radio and the relative security of the cave, spent the next couple of days blankly staring at the sea or at the cave wall, mechanically answering if the crackling distorted voice came in on the airwaves, which wasn't often, otherwise wondering again and again if I shouldn't rather have left with her. How long had it been since she and John had gone? I had lost track of time, I wasn't sure if it had been three weeks or a month or even more. Where was she now? I hoped they had arrived safely in Australia via Port Moresby, but you never knew these days. There had been several incidents of civil passenger ships being attacked in the open sea. I forced myself not to think of this awful possibility, tried to convince myself that they would have walked off the gangway in Brisbane or in Sydney long before and were safe and well. Or maybe they had taken the shortest route and headed straight for somewhere on Cape York Peninsula. I tried to picture her in the city apartment I knew she had inherited from her husband, surrounded by weighty reference books and expensive furniture, or shopping for groceries in a bustling city street, or meeting a girlfriend in a nice little downtown café, all safe and clean and unthreatened by this goddamn war. I tried to picture her sitting at a desk, reading up on something or writing, perhaps for her book, perhaps a letter for me, a letter I'd probably never get with the mail service to the islands disturbed by the hostilities in the surrounding waters. I tried to imagine myself catching a passage to Australia once this was over, after I had built us a new house and had resumed my trade, bringing her back to live with me. I tried to tell myself it couldn't be long now that the Americans were here, that I just needed to hang in there for a little while and all would be well. Of course I didn't manage to fool myself into actually believing that. I had a sinking gut feeling that it wouldn't be over too quickly and that I might be stuck here for a long while before I could go and try to find her. More and more, I came to doubt the wisdom of my decision to stay. What had I thought I could do? Stop the Japs all by myself, barefoot and in my shirtsleeves, wielding nothing more impressive than a pocket knife and a portable radio? I laughed bitterly at the idea. It hadn't helped the island and the natives one bit that I had stayed here. It had been virtually for nothing that I had let her go, no, made her go, sent her off towards an uncertain fate on her own, without explanation, making her think I had abandoned her for some selfish reason, making her feel I had betrayed her hope and her love. Again, I fretted about whether she had made it home unscathed. Sitting around with nothing sensible to do was beginning to driving me truly mad. I needed some purpose, something to do, something to break that vicious circle of self-reproach and guilt and worry. The U.S. Army was happy to have me. All it took was a quick word with Captain Delaney, the hard-faced, lean officer overseeing the construction work in the north of the island, and I had soon been off to the U.S. for basic training. \"We'll need all the men we can get, good men like you\", Delaney had said grimly. \"This war isn't gonna be a quick and easy thing, mark my words.\" But not even enlisting succeeded in taking my mind off the woman I had only known for a small fraction of my life, who had been mine for an even shorter time, who had begun to change my life, my perception, my thoughts and feelings. She was there at the back of my mind all the time, no matter how hard I tried to concentrate, during the drill exercises and calisthenics and rifle trainings, during the unloved tasks each of us got assigned occasionally like kitchen police or latrine duty. All I could think of in any minute I had to spare was how much I missed her and I wanted to be with her. To make love to her. To share all I had with her, even if it was actually next to nothing. To live with her, to share a home, a life. To have a future, or at least a tomorrow. It had all been so close and was moving further out of reach with every day that passed, and that was, at least partly, my own fault. I had no idea where she was, what she was doing, whether she was safe, or whether she lived at all. I had no idea if there was the slightest chance that I'd ever see her again. Attempting to find her would be searching for a needle in a haystack, like trying to locate my sisters, with no proper hint where to start from. That there was an apartment in Sydney was all I knew. I'd once had a slip of paper with the address on it, but I had been horrified to find I had lost it at some point. I couldn't remember the name of the street or even which quarter of the city it was in. And of course I couldn't be sure that she had gone there at all. I had no idea if she would even care to see me, if I did find her, after I had pushed her away like that, without warning, without giving a reason. I might as well put my life on the line and do my bit for the war effort, defending some place in Europe or Asia that meant nothing to me against an enemy I didn't actually hate, or care much about. I'd probably be easy cannon fodder, with my total lack of experience or even interest in combat. I still vowed to do my best to stay alive. If I survived this tour of duty, perhaps that meant I was supposed to find her after all. To give her the pearl I still kept with me wherever I went. When we were told that my unit was going to ship out to the South Pacific after we had completed our training, I put on an ironic grin, half expecting to hear we were going to some tiny little islands in the Solomon Sea by name of the Trobriands. But it was the Philippines we were headed for one sunny morning in the spring of 1944. I saw my comrades leaning over the railing, waving to the crowd that had gathered to see us off, a shipload of mostly very young men, or rather boys. The vast majority of them weren't much older than twenty, if anything. Many of them were a little pale this morning - I knew they had been out at a USO dance until late last night - but even those who appeared really green around the gills from a mixture of a bad hangover and the unfamiliar rolling of the deck under their feet tried to keep a brave face and to cut a dashing figure for their mothers and sweethearts who stood on the pier, waving, some of them dabbing at their eyes, some cheering, some yelling giddy declarations of love, some hoisting up small children to let them catch a last glimpse of their dads or brothers or uncles. I felt very old watching those young bright-eyed folks. To them, the war seemed to be nothing more than a big new adventure. Their lives had not yet been touched by its grim reality. I didn't share their excitement, not at all. They reminded me of Gerry, who had joined up quite soon after Pearl Harbor, hoping to pick up lots of pretty girls when he paraded about in a fancy uniform. I had never shared his light-hearted view of the war, and I hoped his hadn't cost him his life. I for my part still wasn't convinced that losing life or limb guarding some meaningless bit of land in the midst of the ocean would do much to change the outcome of the war or to bring its end about one single day earlier, but here I was anyway, not quite sure why exactly. \" Fishy!\" An exuberant voice yelling into my ear and a hand slapping me forcefully on the back made me turn around. \"Danny Boy! They let you on board after all!\" I exclaimed, only half joking, when I found myself looking into a familiar face grinning broadly at me. \"Yup! I made it! Like I said I would.\" I had met Danny O'Riordan on my first day at the barracks, a nice, fun-loving Irish lad from Philadelphia with a wicked grin and black hair that was forever sticking up in impossible places. He was an excellent runner who never seemed to get out of breath, and he had a lot of brains to go with his athletic body. He'd have been the stuff great soldiers are made of if it hadn't been for one problem: his left eye, which was as good as blind after some childhood accident. I still didn't know how exactly he managed to pass his enlistment examination – he claimed he had simply memorized the eye chart, but could an army doctor really be fooled so easily? On the other hand, he'd made it through all of the training, apparently without anyone noticing something was wrong. He had, however, confided in me once after a few beers we'd shared one night in spring on a weekend pass, imploring me almost on his knees not to rat him out when he had sobered up. I did him the favour. I knew he had a difficult history with his father, who had kept calling him lazy and worthless and whatnot, and was very eager to prove to him that he could get into the army and do his bit despite this handicap he had. I didn't think it was a particularly good idea to go to war with one useless eye, but it was his own life, his own decision if he was so keen on going to the jungle to get his ass shot off by some Jap approaching him from the wrong side. \"Hey, Joe, look what I've found. Didn't I tell you we'd find the Carp on deck?\" Danny shouted and grinned broadly as tall, lanky Joe Kowalski, a farm boy from Arkansas and Danny's best buddy, hurried to join us. \"I'm pretty glad we're finally shipping out\", Joe said, eyes shining with anticipation. \"Kick some Japanese ass, finally. No more stupid marches up and down that goddamn hill and shooting at dummies and getting chewed out by Baldo 'cause your shoes ain't shined right or your hair's parted the wrong way. Or 'cause someone pinched the can of peaches that he's swiped from the officers' mess himself.\" He whipped out a pack of cigarettes – good ones, not the evil-tasting cheap fags most of the privates smoked – and held it out invitingly. I helped myself to one and let him light it expertly. Danny shook his head when Joe thrust the pack at him. He never smoked unless he was very drunk. \"Can't say I'm gonna miss Baldo much\", he said with a lopsided grin. \"Oh well, on the other hand, at least he knew how to shoot, and boy, he was fit! Not like Thirkell. Ever seen him running?\" \"Nah\", Joe replied. \"Old Fatso broke into a sweat if he only thought of running.\" \"Exactly\", Danny sneered. \"Mind you, he did run, once\", Joe grinned. \"Don't you remember when Monahan put the snake into his tent?\" Both of them screeched with laughter at the memory, and even I chuckled a bit when I recalled the thickset figure of our most hated staff sergeant bursting from his tent in a panic. \"Served the fucking goldbricker just right\", Joe said with a good deal of satisfaction in his voice. \"Just like when …\" I left the two of them to their reminiscing about the numerous pranks they and their pals had played on some unpopular comrades or noncoms and went to find a little space to be on my own for a while. The utter lack of privacy was what galled me the most in my new life with the U.S. Army. Never being alone had been what I'd hated most about the training, a lot more than arbitrary officers or merciless drill, and I didn't expect things to improve now that hundreds of men were crowded into this ship. I was indeed lucky enough now to find a little unoccupied nook to the side of the large superstructure of the vessel. Leaning against the white-painted wall, I finished my cigarette undisturbed while I kept my eyes trained on the horizon, wondering what would be waiting for us there. Part of me still couldn't grasp that I had joined the army, that I was really going to see action now. Oh yes, I knew I looked the part just fine in my brand new uniform and the garrison cap I wore at an angle, my unruly hair freshly trimmed and neatly parted as befits a soldier. Some of the ladies on the pier had thrown admiring glances and pretty smiles my way this morning, and I had caught myself thinking a little ironically that Gerry might have been right about uniforms and girls. I didn't feel ready to go to war, I certainly didn't, but I had made my choice, and it was too late now to opt out. As Grandpa used to say, I had made my bed and would have to lie in it, no matter what. There it was again, one of these indelible voices in my head. Not Evelyn's this time but John MacGregor's. \"God be with you, Michael.\" ","Summary":" This is my first attempt at filling in the gap left between Evelyn's departure and the final scenes"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Moments III","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10271204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] With my most recent story done and dusted, I felt like having another go at the Shuffle Challenge. Hope you enjoy those snippets of Mick's life. When the eleventh song came up, one of my favourite anti-war weepies, it fitted one of the other bits so well that I decided to write a \"bonus track\". 1. Enya: Amarantine I was floating in the blue-green waters, allowing myself to drift slowly, watching the clouds go by lazily in the summer sky. I had done this so often when I needed to think, to clear my head, to muse about something that was troubling me, that I found myself wondering for a moment what problem I needed to get solved this time. A happy cry of \"Daddy!\" reminded me that, this time, I was simply enjoying a lovely day out with my family, and I waved hello to Annie. 2. Mazzy Star: Fade Into You I sat in the audience, way at the back, listened to her beautiful clear voice speaking of the islands and of some adventures we had shared. It felt like ages ago and had yet been barely three years since then. Now she was a famous published writer on a reading tour, and I was a crippled nothing, a mangled leg concealed underneath the dapper uniform I wore, a tortured soul hidden behind the brave face I kept for the world. Not quite what a successful woman would want in her life. She was the answer to all my questions, the one and only who could fill the painful void in my heart, but of course I knew it could not be. So I left, careful not to be seen. 3. Belle & Sebastian: Act of the Apostle Rosie turned up the volume of the creaky gramophone that was her biggest pride and started to play the record again from the beginning. \"C'mon, Mick, once more!\" I groaned, but she didn't care, and I resignedly took up my position again and let her lead me in the umpteenth quickstep of the evening. I was already soaked with sweat and ready to admit I would never learn those goddamn steps, but she wouldn't hear of it. 4. Duane Eddy: Rebel Rouser I ran through the fields in the fresh air of an early October afternoon, whooping loudly, watching the kite Grandpa had helped me build as it soared into the cloud-dotted sky. \"Run, Mickey!\" he cried to me now. \"Yes, that's fine!\" I managed to keep it flying for quite a long time, something I had never accomplished before, and when it finally dropped, Grandpa squeezed my shoulder proudly. \"Well done, lad!\" 5. The Pogues: Streams of Whiskey I didn't know if it was my Irish blood that made itself felt, but I had really come to love Dublin and was happy that my erratic travels around the world had brought me back. It was a balmy night in June, and for once, I thoroughly enjoyed shore leave. The bar was seedy and dark, the music was loud and cheery, the beer was dark and tasty, and there was this pretty red-haired lass on the dancefloor who looked like a poster girl for her home country, with a supple body and nimble feet. 6. Maxime Piolot: J'appartiens à cette île My island. This little speck of land, way out there in the endless Pacific ocean, that had saved me from losing my mind, from drinking myself to death, from a restless life travelling the seas. My safe haven, my home, the place I belonged. A boat, a house, a modest but comfortable income, the finest job there was in the world. What else could I expect from life? A woman to love me. But that was asking too much, I guessed. 7. Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros: Jade I watched her drifting through the crowd, chatting with someone here, smiling at somebody there, totally at ease, totally unaware of how fabulous she looked in her simple brown shift dress between all the dolled-up women in their flashy dresses and showy jewellery, with her soft auburn waves of hair and the single large pearl at her neck. I didn't like those receptions I sometimes had to attend with her, but I liked looking on as she moved gracefully through this world that was so alien and strange to me with its protocol and its pretences, and I couldn't help feeling considerably proud of her. 8. Kings of Convenience: Surprise Ice It was an icy winter day, colder than they usually got hereabouts. I was home alone, with Evelyn out for a staff meeting, and I suddenly felt melancholy and nostalgic. I hadn't missed the place where I had been born in a very long time, not since after the war, when everything had seemed so bleak and I had wished I was a child again whose troubles can be dispelled with a hug and a kiss. But this freezing day reminded me of my childhood up in Maine, of friends I had never heard of again, of my first love, of my wonderful grandparents who had been gone so long now, of my mother whom I had loved but who had stopped understanding me by the time I was starting school, and of my dad whom I had known only so briefly but still missed so badly sometimes. Would he be proud of me if you saw me now? 9. Loreena McKennitt: Ancient Pines I walked through a forest of deepest green, a lush, thick forest of mighty, leafy trees, a path of softest brown earth beneath my feet. There were small figures between the tree trunks at a distance, dressed in colours similar to those of the woods, shades of green and brown. When I got closer, I recognized them. Richard, Jimmy, Joe, Leary. Danny and Henderson. Chatting animatedly. Alive, all of them, and unhurt. I wondered for a moment. Then I realized I was only dreaming. 10. The Cranberries: Free To Decide \"I'm not going. There's no need to discuss. I've said a million times I'm not going, and I'm not changing my mind about this. Why do you keep nagging?\" \"Dan, leave him, please.\" My mother's eyes were gleaming suspiciously, and I knew it was not easy for her to say that. I knew that she secretly agreed with Dan that I was throwing a bright academic future away for a silly boyish dream of romantic adventure. \"I only mean well\", Dan said stiffly. \"But if you insist, Mick – suit yourself.\" He left the room, anger speaking from every fibre of his body. Mom followed him with her eyes helplessly, taking a deep breath. I hated when they quarrelled because of me, it made me feel kind of guilty where there was no need to be. I whispered, \"Thank you, Mom.\" She nodded quickly. \"Bonus track\" 11. The Dubliners & Davey Arthur: Green Fields of France I had another dream of my boys in a clearing of that same forest I had dreamed of before. Hazy shafts of light fell through the branches, and they were gathered in a circle around a freshly dug grave. One of them was saying a few solemn words, for there was no priest to officiate. There was a little cross made of twigs, with a piece of smooth bark attached to it that bore a name engraved with a pen knife, and someone had picked a small bunch of forest flowers as a pathetic last greeting. Tears were running down their faces as they tried to sing a song, voices choking miserably. I recognized the familiar strains of the \"Skye Boat Song\". \"He once said he loved this song\", Richard whispered wretchedly. \"He said his dad used to sing it for him as a lullaby.\" Only then did I understand that the comrade sleeping the ultimate final sleep in that leafy grave was me. ","Summary":" With my most recent story done and dusted, I felt like having another go at the Shuffle Challenge. "},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"A Little Of That Human Touch","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8136506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Mick is trying to find his way through life on his own, he realizes that as little as he feels ready to let anyone get close to him, he does need someone to confide in and \"a little of that human touch\", as the Boss likes to put it. So this story's soundtrack is \"Human Touch\" by Bruce Springsteen. So you've been broken and you've been hurt Show me somebody who ain't Yeah, I know I ain't nobody's bargain But, hell, a little touch-up and a little paint You might need something to hold on to When all the answers they don't amount to much Somebody that you could just talk to And a little of that human touch Baby, in a world without pity Do you think what I'm asking's too much I just want to feel you in my arms Share a little of that human touch Feel a little of that human touch Give me a little of that human touch Summer in Maine was almost all it took for me to be happy, the warmth and the sunlight and the sea breeze with its salty tang. And Rosie beside me. I still say \"almost\" because this summer's glory carried the bitter sting of being the first summer without Grandpa and Grandma. The worst of the pain had passed, but that didn't mean I had stopped missing them. It is at a time cruel and helpful that if you lose a loved one, there comes a time when you just can't keep up this intense level of emotions any longer even if this person meant the world to you. The unbearable sharp pain of the immediate loss diminishes into a subdued feeling of regret and loneliness. Your appetite returns, as does your interest in mundane things you'd reckoned you'd never waste a thought on again. Once more, you find yourself getting annoyed at something as trivial as a sticking door or rainy weather. You find yourself not thinking about your loved one as often as you used to. Sometimes hours pass without the reality of your loss flaring up in your mind, sometimes even a whole day. You catch yourself laughing heartily at some silly joke or a little mishap at work. You actually think in a kind of guilty surprise that your life has mostly gone back to normal after all and you have wondrously got over it faster than you'd expected. Then, out of the blue, you are shocked to realize you don't remember the sound of his voice as clearly as you used to, or the exact colour of her eyes. Was it the right or the left side of her forehead where Grandma had had the vaguely heart-shaped mole, and was it peas Grandpa had despised so much that they always quarrelled when Grandma served them, or beans? I knew was no use racking my brains about something so irrelevant, for in most cases, there was no one left to prove me right or wrong anyway, but still I found myself mulling over those pointless questions, saddened by my inability to remember those little characteristics of those I had loved so much. How on earth could they have vanished so quickly? Shouldn't I carry them with me until the day I died myself? Would all the memories I had of them go the way of those small quirks until there was nothing left but the bare knowledge that my grandparents had existed, leaving nothing more but names on a tombstone? After a while, I did what I usually did – shut away the pain and the memories as best I could. Left the house and the village to make a new start. Moved on. Stumbled on Harry's small bar rather by accident when I came into town in search of some affordable lodging and an acceptable job. I had taken a wrong turn on my way to the port and saw the handwritten sign advertising the room tacked to one of the bar's window frames. It wasn't the best quarter in town but the bar didn't appear as seedy as many others in the area from outside, so I ventured in. The interior was rather shabby but charmingly so with worn dark furniture and an upright piano against the rear wall. Harry was polishing glasses behind the counter as I entered with my old suitcase and knapsack that held all my belongings. We were fast to agree about the rent for the room, and as we spoke, my eyes kept wandering over to the piano in its corner. I hadn't played since the last Christmas with my family, and I hadn't missed it much, but now I felt a sudden inexplicable urge to strike a few keys. I walked over and asked, \"May I?\" \"Sure, go ahead.\" Harry busied himself with his glasses again, and I began to play, tentatively at first, making mistake over mistake as my fingers tried to recall the chords and runs that had once come so easily to me, but after a while I got the hang of it again. I don't know how long I had been tinkling away on the yellowed keys when I looked around to find Harry had put down his dish towel and leaned onto the counter on his folded arms, listening intently. \"Jeez, you're a piano man!\" he exclaimed in an appreciative tone when he caught my eye. \"Listen, son, I have someone who plays the piano in the evenings, but he's no good really. I just keep him on because he's my friend. What do you think about playing for the crowd once or twice a week?\" Thus I hadn't only come across affordable and acceptable lodging but also a little job. I was glad to have some more financial leeway so that I hopefully wouldn't have to touch upon the money I'd gained by selling the house. I wanted this money to buy me a fishing boat of my own one distant day, and a new home, when I was ready to settle down. I came to love my piano-man role quickly. It suited me well, allowing me to stay on the sidelines quietly. I played guests' requests if there were any, otherwise I mixed some popular classics and current radio favourites with sea shanties and folk tunes, and everyone seemed to be content with someone else than old Isaac being in charge of the music. Sometimes the crowd sang along, sometimes there was a guest volunteering as a more or less gifted soloist, and Harry said I'd be glad to meet Rosie, one of the waitresses. \"That girl can sing, Mick. You'll love her singing.\" I had met Isaac, by the way, who didn't bear any grudge against me for taking his place. In fact, he was rather glad that he got to sit and drink with the regulars instead of having to try and entertain the guests with his questionable musical talent. On my second evening in my new job, he handed me a stack of sheet music and said, \"This might interest you. It came with the piano when Harry bought it at some household clearance, but I've never touched that fancy classical stuff. Doesn't really appeal to me. Guess I'm just too stupid to play it correctly. God, I don't even know how to pronounce those names. Ever heard of Frederick Chopin?\" He made it sound like choppin' , and I tried to hide a smile as I bowed my head over this unexpected gift, flicking through the musty pages and happily greeting some old acquaintances – Beethoven, Mozart, Bach and said Chopin among them. A few days later, the famous Rosie stepped into the bar and into my life, blue-eyed and pretty, first smiling shyly, then treating me to a waterfall of words as we dined royally on what Joan had deftly fashioned from yesterday's leftovers and finally singing in a strong, charming alto as I played some Irish folk songs. Although I had come to Portland with the intention of not forming any close ties that might lead to me getting hurt once more, her untamed nature and zest for living life to its fullest struck a chord with me. Her upbeat but sensible way of looking at life helped me get through the times when the loss of my family and my home overwhelmed me. She knew how to comfort me, not with hollow words but with simple gestures, with her warm body, her heartfelt embrace, her sensuous mouth, her kisses and caresses. She didn't ask any prodding questions. She didn't care much about my family, my history, not even where I came from, and she understood that there were things I was still trying to cope with but didn't want to talk about. Joan and Harry smiled fondly on our budding romance, while Bella seemed to be pretty jealous. I didn't like her much. I thought she had a vile streak in her. The little snake even tried to talk me out of hitching up with Rosie, taking me aside one night when Rosie had not yet arrived. She moved far too close to me in an obtrusively confidential fashion and told me in a ridiculous stage whisper, \"You might want to be careful about Rosie, Mick. She has been known to disappear into the alley behind the bar with any man whose face she likes. She's had a thing going with Jeff Perry for a while, on and off, but that didn't keep her from …\" \"Spare me your gossip and your slander, Bella\", I said coldly. \"Do me a favour and mind your own business. I can look after myself, thank you very much.\" \"Whatever you say\", she replied, unfazed. \"But don't come whining when you find I was right after all. I warned you.\" I never told Rosie about that unpleasant encounter, but I consequently gave Bella an even wider berth. She kept throwing poisonous glares into my direction, but I pretended not to notice. Sometimes I couldn't resist to ostentatiously give Rosie a kiss when I knew Bella was watching. One night, as we were walking home from the bar after another evening filled with songs and laughter, Rosie said to me, \"You have such a gift for music, piano man. You shouldn't only be playing music. You need to dance, too.\" I remembered the one occasion I had been out dancing with Eliza and said, \"Oh, I don't know. I'm not much of a dancer. The only girl I've tried to dance with so far didn't enjoy it very much. I was more on her toes than on my own.\" \"Then you'll learn , silly! You've got such a feeling for rhythm, and you've got such a feeling for feeling . Haven't I taught you other things before?\" I grinned. \"Oh yes, you have. Very successfully, in fact.\" We started our lessons in her small room with her gramophone playing, then we got Isaac to play the piano for us when the bar was empty so we could practice with more space around us before we ventured onto a public dancefloor for the first time. I was surprised to find that I actually enjoyed dancing more and more, and she was surprised how fast I learned. \"Boy, you're a natural!\" she marvelled on more than one occasion, and I felt an unexpected surge of pride at her praise every time. The special variety of physical closeness dancing required was new and exciting for me, similar to that other kind of intimacy she had introduced me to. Sometimes it seemed almost indecent to me to hold her so tight and move like that with other people looking on, but when I voiced my concerns, she simply laughed them off, telling me not to be sheepish. Somehow she got me to shake off my inhibitions, get over my innate reticence and give myself fully to the dance, executing the steps in time with the rhythm of the music, eventually daring to take the lead as I was supposed to. I even bought an extra pair of shoes, rather expensive ones of fine black leather I kept meticulously shiny. We went dancing whenever we got the chance to and began to reap more and more enthusiastic applause from onlookers and fellow dancers alike. I was a little embarrassed by that acclaim. I didn't mind people watching us dance, but being in the spotlight after we'd finished made me uneasy, all those questions where I came from and how long we'd been dancing together and whatever else they wanted to know. I usually remained monosyllabic so that people's attention turned to something different rather fast. Maybe it was a little unfair towards Rosie, but I didn't want to encourage anything like superficial \"friendships\" with the boys and girls we met repeatedly at various dances. I had no need for shallow conversation and endless drinking with virtual strangers. So it wasn't only because we loved to dance that we spent most of the evenings waltzing and whirling; it was also because I wanted to escape meaningless small talk and one or two of those exceedingly coquettish girls who kept pestering me to dance with them while I didn't even think of sharing these precious moments with anyone other than Rosie. I knew she didn't quite understand what she perceived as my funny shyness, but I had to give her credit for never trying to change me. She teased me sometimes when we were alone but never made me look stupid in public. She was sympathetic and sensitive despite her resolute manner, but she wasn't one for exchanging deep thoughts, not given to brooding and reflecting like me. She hardly ever wasted any time dreaming or musing over things. She was far too no-nonsense and down-to-earth for that. Sometimes I missed the kind of philosophical talk about everything and nothing I'd enjoyed so much with Eliza. Yet I was grateful to take what Rosie could give me, so I tried not to miss too much what she couldn't. More often than not, I found her practical attitude helped me get over my losses and going on with my life; that as much as the dancing and the music. I loved the way she could belt out the most raucous shanties one minute and warble one of those sad, gentle Irish folk songs the next. And, of course, I enjoyed her physical ministrations. She quenched my desperate thirst for closeness, for warmth, for love and passion – and, gosh, that woman knew how to give me pleasure. Sometimes I couldn't quite believe what things she did to me, or had me do to her. Things I'd never dared dream of. Things I'd never even thought possible . On this bright and sunny Sunday morning, we had woken up in her bed, still entwined in the night's embrace, and as the sun caressed our faces and painted long golden stripes across the floor, I had told her a few things about my childhood in Maine, especially about spending so much time outside, roaming the coastal paths and rocky little coves with Grandpa and later on my own or with my friend Thomas. At the mention of seaside strolls, Rosie came up with the idea of showing me her favourite bit of beach just outside town, packed a little picnic lunch and a blanket to sit on and led me to this lovely strip of sandy shore that wasn't as wild and primal as the coast I was used to but quiet and beautiful. We had eaten the sandwiches and the fruit she'd brought, and I had stretched out lazily in the sand afterwards, as I'd always done on the beach, despite Rosie's protest that I would get sand all over my clothes and into my hair. I didn't tell her that this immediate contact with the sun-warmed beach was exactly what I sought. I lay with my eyes half closed against the brightness of the sun, one arm behind my head, my toes digging into the fine sand, basking in the warmth and the gentle touch of summer wind. She had remained sitting on the blanket, her shoes off, her legs tucked underneath her, fiddling with the folds of her dress a little nervously. I squinted up at her, taking in her lovely shape in a blue-and-white shirtwaist dress with a narrow white belt. \"Why don't you lie down for a while with me?\" I suggested. \"What are you planning to do?\" she asked, sounding a little testy. Taking her tone for mock irritation, I raised an eyebrow and said innocently in the way of our usual suggestive banter, \"Nothing bad! I've always been told to be good and not to get a girl into trouble.\" With this, I quickly reached out for her, pulled her down and made her topple onto me. She gave a little surprised cry, struggled a bit as she usually did, but instead of stopping her seemingly fake protest and kissing me, she tore away from me harshly and sat back up, straightening out her skirt with choppy brushes of her hand. I propped myself up on my elbows and looked at her, bewildered. She had turned away her face, her back appeared rigid and tense. Something seemed to be wrong all of a sudden and I couldn't imagine what. I sat up completely and laid a hand on her back. \"What's the matter, Rosie? You don't have to if you don't feel like it. I just thought …\" To my horror, her shoulder blades began to twitch and her chest to heave in a way that could only mean one thing. I inched closer and pulled her against me from behind. She still kept her head turned away from me stubbornly as I murmured something soothing and kissed her tenderly on the neck. This only served to make her weep harder. \"Now, what is it, love? Is anything wrong? Please, tell me. Say something. I'm sure it's nothing we can't work out somehow.\" \"It's nothing we can work out\", she cried, sounding desperate. \"I don't know how to tell you … I hoped I'd find a way on the walk here but I couldn't.\" She swallowed and went on, \"I'm going to lose my job and I don't know what to do. I haven't got much money and …\" I was startled by her outburst. \"Wait a minute. Calm yourself.\" I stroked her bare arm. \"Why should you lose your job, love? Harry's more than satisfied with your work, as opposed to your co-worker's. There's no reason why he should kick you out in the street.\" She whirled round to face me. \"Oh yes, there is. I'm late. Have you got any idea what that means?\" \"Late? Late for what?\" I was utterly puzzled. Rosie was never late. She hated tardiness and always got cross when I didn't show up on time. \"You're never late for anything!\" \"Oh, dammit, Mick, don't be such a man!\" I still didn't get her point. \"Fine, if you don't understand, I'm spelling it out for you: I've been waiting for my frigging period for four weeks beyond the usual time and I'm beginning to give up hope that it's going to come any time soon. For, as you know, Rosie is always on time! Even with this!\" Now it was beginning to dawn on me. I remembered Grandpa's warnings, and I deeply regretted my light-hearted joke about getting girls into trouble. Obviously I had done exactly that, letting my passion get the better of me without considering the consequences. \"You mean …\" \"Yes, I mean!\" she shouted, furious tears in her eyes. \"I guess I'm pregnant. And I guess Harry's going to sack me as soon as it's beginning to show. I have no idea what I'm going to do then.\" Holy shit. Neither had I. \"Do you … do you want us to get married, Rosie? And as for the money … I could work double shifts or play the piano more often and ask Harry for a pay rise, so we could afford to rent something bigger to have enough space for three. And maybe … maybe you could find work in an office after all, with regular hours and everything, so you could earn a bit until you … until the baby is born.\" \"I … I don't know. I don't really want to get married and I don't really want a baby and I certainly don't want to work in an office!\" She wiped her tears away angrily with the back of her hand. \"Well, if you're pregnant, there's no changing that , is it?\" I said, trying to be sensible. \"It's not what either of us wanted, but I guess now we'll have to make the best of it. Who knows, maybe it will be nice to have a family after all.\" \"Nice!\" she snorted. \"It's certainly nice to get up for the umpteenth time in the night because the kid is squalling and to spend your days changing crappy diapers. And …\" \"Oh, Rosie\", I sighed helplessly. \"I know this is a shock for you, and for me, but it's certainly not the end of the world, you know. We'll find a solution. We'll make this work somehow. So many other people have made it work before us.\" She sobbed wildly, shaking her head. \"There is no solution. This will not work. It cannot work. I hate children! I hate the thought of becoming a mother! I don't want a kid! I want my freedom, not a family! Oh, what a goddamn screwed-up mess !\" She slammed her fist into the sand and finally collapsed in a whimpering heap at my chest, exhausted with rage. I couldn't do anything but hold her and let her cry. When her sobbing had subsided, I took her hand and said calmly, \"Let's take it one step at a time. What do you think about finding a place to live together first of all, and about getting married? We can think about the rest later.\" \"I … I don't know.\" Her hand slipped out of mine, and she nervously touched her cheek. \"I … I'll need some time to think about it. I … can't decide just like that.\" I admittedly felt a little stung that she had not said yes immediately, but I nodded. \"Of course. Whatever you want. You decide.\" Not much later, we packed up our things and walked home. Hand in hand but silent and shaken, an invisible divide between us. I could fathom that she was afraid and angry, but I didn't understand her fierce aversion to the mere thought of having a child. Sure, it hadn't exactly been my own dream to become a father so early, but if there was a baby on the way, I imagined it would be beautiful to eventually hold the tiny creature in my arms, the result of making love to a wonderful woman, the woman who had helped me through the dark valley of my grief and loss. I almost smiled at my little fantasy but stifled the impulse as I looked at Rosie's tear-stained, hopeless face. She's in a state of shock, I told myself. She will get over it and things will get sorted out somehow, marriage or no marriage. We will be a family. The following week, I was working the late shift at the shipyard. It was already past seven when I climbed the stairs to my room on Friday, hot and sweaty from a hard day's work, looking forward to washing and changing out of my dirty clothes. When I put my key into the lock and turned it, I was startled to find the door unlocked. Strange. I was quite sure that I had not left it open when I went to work, but I maybe I was mistaken. With Rosie's pregnancy and its possible consequences occupying my mind, I might not have been as cautious as usual about locking up. After all, I hadn't been able to concentrate particularly well at work either. Only my heavy working boots had prevented my toes from getting squashed when I dropped the large hammer I'd been wielding, which earned me a dressing down from the foreman. Later I'd tripped over some metal rods on the floor and painfully hit my elbow on the edge of a workbench, getting shouted at again. Lost in thought, I rubbed the spot on my arm where the resulting bruise was already visible. The only good thing about this workday had been getting paid. I carefully took my week's wages out of my pocket before I undressed and washed and changed into my usual piano man attire of charcoal trousers and white shirt. With a short glance into the mirror, I ran my fingers through my hair in an attempt to make it look a little less messy and bared my teeth at myself ironically. Before finally going downstairs, I bent to retrieve the small strongbox I kept hidden under a pile of underwear at the bottom of my closet. I religiously put half of my week's wages in there every Friday night. The contents of this box were destined to contribute to buying that fishing boat. I unlocked the box and immediately saw with a sinking feeling that half of the money was missing. Damn. Could this day get any worse? Swearing violently, I threw my newly earned dollars into the box, locked it and tore open the drawer of my nightstand. At least the thieves had not laid their dirty paws on my wristwatch or my father's fountain pen. And I probably ought to be glad that they hadn't taken all of my savings. What idiot thief leaves half of the money behind, I wondered. Did they think I wouldn't notice that something was missing if they didn't take it all? I made sure I had both the key to my room and the key to the strongbox safely tucked into my pocket when I left and walked into the bar through the back door. Harry waved at me from behind the counter. I wanted to ask him about any suspicious figures who might have sneaked upstairs to steal my money, but he was busy talking to Arthur and I didn't want anyone to listen in. Rosie was nowhere to be seen as I entered. I assumed that she was in the kitchen or had gone to the basement to fetch something. I walked over to the piano and opened the lid, wondering what to play to greet her and maybe finally make her smile again, at least for a moment. Things were still strained between us and we had not touched upon the delicate subject again. I hadn't quite made my mind up about the song yet when someone tapped me on the shoulder from behind. I spun around, expecting Rosie – but the blue eyes fixating me were Joan's. She blinked nervously and blurted without any greeting or introduction, \"Rosie said to tell you she's gone to visit her family. Her mom's fallen ill suddenly, seems to be something grave. She's not sure when she's coming back, could be a week or two until then.\" She rattled her message off hastily and appeared greatly relieved when she was finished. Dumbstruck, I nodded blankly, sitting motionless on the piano stool for a minute before I got up to close the lid over the keyboard with trembling hands. It slipped from my hands and fell shut with a bang. Joan's eyes were dark and understanding as I excused myself for the evening and hurried outside, rage and disappointment and guilt, confusion and anxiety fighting a vicious battle within me. I stumbled through the streets blindly at first, then I started running. I ran and ran, my good shoes pinching my toes unpleasantly, until I had reached the outskirts of town and came closer to that deserted strip of beach. Under a cold white moon, I hurled stone after stone into the indifferent sea, cursing her for running away like that, yelling until I felt completely drained and sat down, fingers raking the cool sand, tonelessly whispering her name into the night. ","Summary":" As Mick is trying to find his way through life on his own, he realizes that as little as he feels r"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Gone But Not Forgotten","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9473392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a little sketch that popped into my mind almost fully formed when my last holiday took me back to the raggedly beautiful Pointe Saint-Mathieu (or, in Breton, Beg Lokmazhe), the place in and around which the Nell episodes of Mick's life story were set. Just a short story to show that Nell has not been forgotten decades and decades after her untimely death. Saint-Mathieu, June 2004 I am walking the path that I have walked a million times, in a forceful wind that tears at my clothes, as it often does hereabouts. I pull my cap down on my brow to make sure it won't be swept away with the breeze and continue along the dusty dirt path, jingling the loose coins in my pocket as I go. A young couple in brightly coloured windbreakers stand aside to let me pass, then a family with three noisy kids and a yapping dog approaches, the mother scolding the eldest who sullenly keeps walking and almost collides with me, while the harassed-looking father tries to drag the dog away from bits of junk some fools have carelessly thrown into the grass at the edge of the path. I know full well that all those tourists are supposed to be good for this region that has been poor for centuries, the home of fishermen and small farmers. Even today, many of the young folks are leaving to go to university and to work in the big cities, and there would be even more of them draining away if it wasn't for the tourist industry. I still reserve the right to dislike the hordes of colourfully clad foreigners clambering over the rocks and milling about the ruins of the abbey with their guidebooks and their expensive cameras, or crowding the village streets where they shamelessly take pictures of everyone and everything they see without even having the courtesy to ask permission, as if us locals were just part of the pretty scenery instead of people who might want to keep a bit of privacy. They trample the heather and leave their rubbish behind and talk back rudely when you dare to remind them that they had better take it home with them or at least to the nearest wastebasket, and they have no respect for holy places, shouting through the chapel and complaining that the paint is peeling off the wall and the lighting is too bad to take a good picture. But this time, I'm lucky, maybe because the weather is a bit rough for June, at least if you're a coddled city dweller. There are just a few cars in the big parking lot at the abbey, and when I walk through the large quarrystone arch and cross the square to enter the chapel, I am alone in there. I dig up two of those newfangled coins from my pocket and make sure they are both one-Euro pieces before I push them through the slot in the offertory box. I still can't get used to that funny currency, and I wouldn't want to pull a fast one on the Church, even if it wasn't on purpose. I kneel down on the hard stone step in front of the altar rail, select a candle from the cardboard box below the iron rack and carefully light it, holding it in my hand for a moment, looking at the little flame that trembles in a draught of wind as I say a quick but heartfelt prayer for her. I put the candle on the stand where a row of lights in little red plastic cups are already flickering and get another, as I always do, again pausing for a moment to pray before I set it on the rack and awkwardly struggle to my feet to sit in the front pew for a moment. I don't like to admit it, but these days I don't move as easily as I used to. My left knee in particular is creaking worse than ever. Well, a long time ago, I came pretty damn close to losing that leg, so I quickly tell myself I'd better be grateful that it's still there to give me aches and pains. It has done its job all right for those past sixty years, and while things certainly haven't improved with old age, it still allows me to do my work around the house and garden and to shoot a few boules on the village pétanque field with a couple of pals on Sunday afternoons, so I guess I shouldn't complain too loudly. I might just as well not have come home at all and ended up a name carved in stark black letters into the ugly white marble plaque they put up at the foot of the '14-'18 war memorial outside the church after the other war was over. Like Simon Dupré, the bastard who ruined my sister's life. I couldn't have said I was sorry when Marie came over all tearful when I happened to be on home leave and wordlessly showed me some official letter saying her son, Sergeant Simon Édouard Dupré, had been killed in action. It had seemed only fair that he, who had set off the chain of events that eventually cost my sister's life and that of her unborn baby, should not live to see old age either. If I'm honest, that's what I'm thinking still. I am eighty-four years old now, which means that she would have been eighty-eight in March. That would have been a good age to die. Not the twenty she had been that horrible day when I ran all the way to the little cove by the fort to find nothing more of her than her shoes and a short desperate note of goodbye. But then, life simply isn't fair, and it will always happen that bright and beautiful young people die in the prime of their lives while old folks like me drag on and on, sometimes for so long that you begin wondering if God has forgotten all about them. I might well have met an early death, too. When the course of the world took a turn for the worse in 1939, I was neither interested in the politics nor keen on going to fight in that war, but all my buddies went, and I figured it was as good a way as any to get away from home. By that time, my mother had completely descended into the unfathomable depths of madness following the incomprehensible loss of my sister, and my father, well, he was the same old tyrant he had always been. So I went to war, occasionally came home on leave, spent three months in hospital to recover from the shot I'd taken through the calf, went back into battle again, and somehow hung in there, seeing way too many comrades fall until, after six long years, it finally was over. I came back to find the tyrant had been killed in a storm off the coast, and again, I didn't feel very sorry. Between them, he and Simon had destroyed my sister's chance at a happy long life. I have never forgiven either of them. Nor have I ever forgotten my sister, the earnest girl with the smooth brown hair and pretty blue-grey eyes, the girl who had been Gwenna to me for almost as long as she lived but whom I have chosen to remember as Nell, the name she had been affectionately given by the man she should have married. I have often thought about him in all those years, feeling somewhat cheated of the lifelong friendship I assume we would have shared if things had not gone so wrong. Even now I sometimes wonder if he is still alive and how his life panned out after Nell. Of course, it is rather unlikely that he's still around, considering that he was at least six or seven years my senior. On the other hand, nowadays people often live to see their ninetieth birthday and more, so perhaps he did, too. Much as I would have liked to see him again, I can't blame him for never touching base. He had been in a hurry to leave this place after hearing what had come to pass during his long stint at sea, and I think all he wanted was to get out and forget about all those awful events. I do hope he did not forget about Nell entirely, though. But then, I don't think he did. He wasn't the kind to forget a woman he had loved so much. I have never regretted giving him our only print of her lovely portrait photo. I am convinced he kept it safe, even if he probably hitched up with another woman at some point. Honestly, I do hope he found himself a nice lady. Life is better not lived all alone, I say, and I'm very grateful to the Lord above that I still have my Claudette, fifty-seven years after our wedding day. And for fifty-seven years, she has been putting up with me repeating all the old stories over and over – of the childhood Nell and I shared, teaming up to bear the burden of living with a disturbed mother and the moody, violent man I have long ago stopped calling Father, of the pranks and adventures I cooked up with my pals from the village, and of Nell's courtship with a darkly attractive American sailor who, for some reason, had begun to work with Jean-Luc Villiers on his fishing boat. Mick, he had been called. Mick Carpenter. He had never enjoyed great popularity with the villagers, but I have always thought that rather stupid, for Mick was neither stuck-up nor overbearing, as many villagers claimed he was. On the contrary, he deliberately kept a low profile and tried to fit in as best as he could, but most villagers had made up their minds about him the moment he arrived on the scene with his longish black curls and his fine sharp face whose cautiously pensive expression might have been mistaken for arrogance by someone who didn't know him. I knew him well enough to see he really was a soul of a man. He didn't speak much, partly because he was ashamed of his faulty French, but he was a good guy who cared deeply for my sister, never flinched at my mother's peculiarities and even faced down my father when he found out that he had struck Nell's cheek so hard that the bruise showed for days. If I had ever wanted her to marry anyone, it was him. Still, the gossips had a field day when Nell got engaged to him (that would never work, she would see what came of marrying a stranger, he was not even a Catholic), when he went away to work on some overseas carrier (he was never going to come back, all his talk of making more money to buy a small house when he came back was just a hoax that the poor silly girl was too lovestruck to see through), when she married that Dupré piece of merde because the old man forced her to (now that foreigner actually had left her in the lurch with a little bun in the oven, and how good of young Simon to take care of her) and, most of all, when she drowned herself out of sheer desperation. I will not repeat any of the spiteful remarks they made about both Mick and Nell, for not a single one was true. These old crones are long gone now, may they rot in hell, and hardly anyone recalls Gwenaëlle Kervennec's American, as he was known then, any more. I don't mention him to anyone but Claudette, who's never laid eyes on him, and to my cousin Madeleine who remembers him fondly. She was just a little girl of eight or nine when Nell introduced them to each other, and I don't know how often she has wondered wistfully what might have become of him, or bitterly lamented having lost the small owl he had carved for her from a piece of driftwood. \"He was such a beautiful man, and so sweet with me when others would have been miffed about that kid intruding on a private moment between lovers\", she says often, and she always adds with a heavy sigh, \"I only hope he survived that war.\" So do I. It has become my habit on Sundays to take a little walk to the headland before I go play pétanque in the village square, as I have done today, to remember Mick and to remember Nell among the ruins of the abbey, by the lighthouse, in the chapel. Although she has been gone for almost seventy years, I still feel close to her when I am there to visit her favourite spot on this earth. The old abbey complex was where she would go when she needed a break from home. It was where she often met her love, and it was where she stood up to our father in defence of her plans and her wishes. It was also where Father Duval, bless his heart, saved her life the first time she attempted to put an end to it. Little did we all think it would not be long until she tried again, and without anyone around to dissuade her. When the pew gets all too uncomfortable and the memories too painful, I rise from the narrow wooden seat where I have been sitting for a while, contemplating the candles I have just lit as I always do, one for Nell and her baby and one for my mother who finally faded away a couple of years after the war. I genuflect in front of the altar a little clumsily and cross myself before I leave the chapel. Now it's time for the other half of my Sunday ritual, the small detour I make every time, back through the parking lot and down the cobbled path they have laid a while ago for the tourists, complete with signposts and explanations on little enamelled plaques. The path leads me past the tiny pond which the monks are said to have used to wash their laundry, along the edge of the steep cliff at whose foot the water is eternally crashing and swirling and roaring, and on from there to a concrete platform enclosed by a low wall. The high, slender granite column on the platform is where I'm headed. It has various ornaments carved into its sides and a sad woman's head on top, forever looking plaintively out over the ocean, a very appropriate image to crown this memorial erected in honour of sailors lost at sea. I stand next to the towering monument and touch a hand to its rough surface while I follow the mournful woman's gaze towards the horizon, behind which, thousands of miles away, lies America. Thinking fondly and a little mournfully of the first American I ever knew, I whisper under my breath, \"God bless you, mon ami, wherever you are.\" ","Summary":" This is a little sketch that popped into my mind almost fully formed when my last holiday took me b"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Moments II","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9623282","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I felt like doing another set of sketches for the \"Shuffle Challenge\" tonight, another ten little snippets from Mick Carpenter's life, inspired by a random sequence of songs from my iPod in shuffle mode. This time, all of them happen to be set in Mick's past as I have laid it out in my string of stories, with some of his past loves making an appearance. Sorry to all fans of Evelyn that she only gets a tiny cameo this time. 1. The Pogues: Gartloney Rats The band was playing one of these quick Irish dances, something I wasn't usually very comfortable with because I thought it made me cut quite a silly figure. But I know Rosie loved that kind of thing, and so I let her grab my hands to drag me on the dancefloor where I whirled her round and round so her skirt and hair were flying, spinning her until both of us were laughing, giddily, dizzily, and at some point some of the other dancers simply stopped in their tracks and watched and cheered. Pat, the barkeeper, gave some ear-splitting catcalls, and Rosie kissed me exuberantly with everyone looking on. 2. Kings of Convenience: Love Is No Big Truth I couldn't eat, I couldn't sleep, I couldn't stop thinking of her. Missing her while she was away, visiting some relatives, had me almost as badly upset as I had been when we had first fallen in love. Grandma shook her head exasperatedly, she couldn't grasp why I behaved like that. \"Dear God, she'll only be gone for a week! What're you going to do when she goes back to Boston?\" That was one thing I certainly didn't want to think about. I knew Eliza would be going back to her family sooner or later and our future was anything but certain, but I pushed the thought into the farthest corner of my mind and hoped something miraculous would happen that would make her stay for good. Maybe I'd have to make it happen and propose to her rather sooner than later? 3. Kansas: Dust in the Wind I sat on the porch of my house in the warm evening air, an open bottle of beer on the table, a cigarette in my mouth. It was one of those days when the memories of all those things that were gone for good made me feel so lost and alone, when the knowledge nothing could last brought me down into a sadness so profound that I wondered if a heart could actually break. I gazed over at the sea, beautiful, blue and indifferent in the distance, the only constant in my ever-changing life. 4. Carla Bruni: Il vecchio e il bambino \"Grandpa\", I cried, \"can we go swimming today?\" \"I've got work to do, lad, lots of work! Much as I'd like to take you to the beach, I'm afraid this is not a good day. You can help me, though.\" \"But it's such a beautiful day! We haven't had bathing weather for ages!\" I pulled a face, utterly disappointed, and dragging the tip of my shoe through the gravel, looked away so that he wouldn't see my tears, biting my lip to force them back, staring blindly into nothingness. And then there was a big hand on my shoulder and a gruff voice saying, \"Maybe you're right and we should seize the day. Get your swimming trunks.\" 5. The Waterboys: Meet Me at the Station \"Hey there, pal!\" Billy shouted when I had barely poked my head through the door of the train as we arrived. \"Good to have you back!\" \"Good to be back!\" I replied, jumping down on the platform, tossing my bag carelessly on the ground. \"I just can't bear that awful place any more. I wonder what my mother sees in it. All the small-town gossip, all those small-town minds.\" I took a deep breath, almost smelling the sea. I was home again. 6. Roxette: It Must Have Been Love She was gone. The moment I had dreaded had come, and Eliza was back with her parents, back in her world of society events and college and promising eligible bachelors. She had promised she'd write as often as she could and that I was always welcome to visit her in Boston and that she'd surely return here to stay with her aunt for a while. I wanted to believe that we had a chance, I wanted to believe that we could make it, despite the distance and the social differences, despite the fact that her parents certainly had better plans for her than to marry a penniless fisherman. I wanted to believe all would be well in the end, I really wanted to. But in some hidden painful place in my heart, I knew that this was the end. I loved her so much, and yet I knew it just was not enough to make it last. 7. Leonard Cohen: I Can't Forget I got up from my bunk at dawn, hungover and scruffy. It had been far too late again last night, and there had been far too much booze and far too many cigarettes that left nothing but a disgusting aftertaste in my mouth that was almost as bad as the aftertaste of what had happened on that dreadful evening in Harry's bar. Rosie, my Rosie, my sweet resolute Irish girl, had ultimately betrayed me. It had been more than three months now, but every night I lived through it again, the fight between the tables, Morris Beauchamp spouting what I had wanted to take for slander but had turned out to be the ugly, ugly truth. Every night I tried to drown those images, and every night I failed. I simply could not forget. 8. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Clarinet Concerto in A major, K. 622 – Allegro (1 st movement) They were entering the stage, picked out by the spotlights, as sweet music filled the air, seven pretty girls in colourful period dresses, their hair elaborately coiffed, their faces made up so they appeared much older than their fifteen or sixteen years. She was in the middle, as regal as her role demanded in a scarlet robe. Hadn't it been just yesterday that she danced through the living-room on her fourth birthday, in a tiny pink dress? My little girl had grown up, and I sniffled. \"Just something in my eye\", I told Evelyn when she gave me a questioning look. 9. Loreena McKennitt: Samain Night I dragged the little dinghy down over the sand to the waterline and carefully climbed into it, pushing off, paddling away by the light of the full moon. Grandpa would have had my hide if he knew, but he had been gone for more than half a year now, and Grandma was so poorly that she didn't inquire much about my coming and going. I wasn't going to paddle out too far, I was way too experienced to do such a stupid thing, but this particular mood with the cold white light casting a sparkling path onto the water and hardly any sound except for the low splashing of the oars as they broke the surface of the sea had a strangely soothing effect on my troubled, sorrowful mind. 10. Loreena McKennitt: All Souls Night Nell was leaning into me, shivering a bit, and I wrapped my arm around her shoulder to keep her warm and, when she still complained she was cold, gave her my scarf to wear in addition to the thin kerchief she'd tied around her neck. We were walking our favourite path along the cliff top on a chilly autumn day, and once again, she poured her heart out to me about her mother's illness and her father's cruelty. Whenever we spoke of the things that truly occupied our hearts and minds, it was on one of these walks, with the breeze in our hair and the salty tang in the air masking the sting of tears. It was already growing dark now, and one by one, the beacons of several lighthouses went on in the distance as the last sunlight slipped away and Nell stopped to kiss me softly on the lips. ","Summary":" I felt like doing another set of sketches for the \"Shuffle Challenge\" tonight, another ten little"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Among the Ruins","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8313140","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mick is firmly convinced that the fishing village in France will be nothing more but a short stopover before sailing on as crew member of another ship, but, as it has happened to him before, he finds friendship and feelings do get in the way of what he had wanted to do. This is summed up beautifully in Sophie Zelmani's song Love: A letter to burn a letter to send and to return Secrets arise Secrets live for a while Maybe long to die Love doesn't know when to stay away Love doesn't choose among nights and days Love simply stands in the way A travel to make a travel to break and to go back Histories are made remembered and saved but they will fade Love doesn't know when not to appear Love doesn't excuse itself anywhere Love is just suddenly here Love doesn't know when it's not allowed Love doesn't understand to be ever shut out Love doesn't know of what manners would say Love just gets sick if it's sent away Love just gets in the way I slept like a young god that first night at Jean-Luc's, a deep and dreamless sleep. When I awoke the next morning, I was startled to find that it was already past nine o'clock. The house was quiet, and I walked downstairs to find a scribbled note on the kitchen table next to a coffee grinder and a tin of fragrant beans. \"Gone to work. Feel free to make yourself some coffee\", it read. \"Sorry I have eaten all the bread. Marianne will be happy to help you out with some food.\" I grinned and decided to skip the coffee for the moment. I didn't want to impose myself on the Delacourts yet again and went out to take a little stroll into the village and buy something to eat there. The noises of an animated crowd became audible as I approached the centre of the village, and as soon as I had reached the top of the port road's steep incline, I saw the stalls and tables of a busy market in the village square and along part of the street. I roamed the market aimlessly for a while, watching people as they milled about, taking in the various kinds of merchandise on offer, before I walked into the bakery, seduced by the tantalizing display of pastries and bread and the equally enticing smell that wafted through the open door. It was rather difficult to make a choice among all those mouth-watering delicacies, and I took my time about it although I was ravenously hungry by now. In the end, I settled for a thick slice of golden butter cake to eat on the spot and some bread, still warm from the oven, to take home. The rich sweet taste filling my mouth upon the first bite I took when I hadn't quite yet crossed the threshold of the bakery was heavenly, and I went right back to get a second piece. The round-cheeked woman behind the counter laughed and gave me an extra large slice. \"This one's on the house\", she said and smiled. I thanked her, a little embarrassed, and devoured the tasty treat to the very last crumb as I drifted through the market place. Savouring the last delectable mouthful, I closed my eyes for a moment, licking my sticky fingers clean. And ran into an obstacle. I heard something hit the ground with a wet smack, and a peeved female voice cried out, \"Oh, zut alors, man, look where you're going, for God's sake!\" I was embarrassed to see that had bumped into a young girl and knocked the small basket from her hand, its contents spilling out. She had dropped to her haunches and was trying to save what there was to save, but the yellow foamy mess on the pavement looked quite hopeless. I hunkered down to try and help her nevertheless, and to apologize, but I found all the French Michel had taught me seemed to have deserted my mind all of a sudden. The girl grumbled something incomprehensible in French, her eyes brimming with angry tears, and I felt like such an oaf. \"I'm so sorry, Mademoiselle\", I managed to say in a mixture of French and English. \"I'll make up for the damage of course. I'll get you some fresh eggs.\" She looked at me, still irritated, and tried to shake some of the sticky goop off her fingers. I offered her my handkerchief, which she snatched up huffily to wipe her hands clean and thrust it back at me with a curt \"Thank you\" as she turned away from me. \"Hey, wait\", I called after her. \"The eggs!\" She ignored me and proceeded to study the vegetables at the nearest stall ostentatiously. I went to find a farmer selling eggs and bought half a dozen, the largest quantity I was able to carry carefully in my hands for want of a better means of transport. With my hands full, trying not to drop the bread I'd tucked under my arm, I approached her again. She was still standing in line at the vegetable stall. When I addressed her, she didn't look round. Only when the middle-aged woman next to her gave her a little nudge, she deigned to take note of my return, her eyes widening in surprise as she acknowledged my offer of six intact brown eggs and cautiously put them into her basket, one by one. She thanked me politely with the tiniest of smiles on her lips and turned back to get served. I stood still for a moment, watching her as she spoke animatedly to the vegetable seller. She wore her light brown hair combed back and pinned up at the back of her head, a style that enhanced her lovely profile very nicely. A young man came over from another stall and joined her, standing close to her, touching her back in a familiar way. Feeling a silly pang of disappointment at the sight of the couple, I made my way back down to Jean-Luc's cottage by the port to have my second round of breakfast. A little later, Michel came to pick me up for a stroll by the fishing port and further along the coastal path on the other side of the port basin. We circled the little white lighthouse to find a broad stretch of sandy beach opening behind it. \"Fancy a swim?\" Michel asked, grinning broadly, showing his slightly uneven teeth. \"I bet you'll come right back out of the water screaming!\" \"I wouldn't be too sure about that\", I replied, kicked off my shoes as I spoke, stripped down to my underpants and ran into the surf. The water deepened quickly, and I whooped loudly when its cold force hit me in the chest. Michel was right, it was icy, but it felt magnificent to swim again. I had been in the middle of the ocean for most of the past five months without dipping as much as a naked toe into the water, and I hadn't realized just how much I'd missed immersing myself in the salty waves until I took the first strokes in the cold Atlantic this late April morning. Michel gave an appreciating wolf-whistle and came in after me, racing me for a while before we slowly let the tide carry us back towards the shore. The light breeze was chilly on my wet skin as we climbed out of the water. For lack of towels, we dried ourselves off provisionally with our shirts and walked back into the village at a brisk pace so we wouldn't get too cold. \"You're pretty tough, swimming in the cold water like that\", Michel said approvingly and added with a wicked sparkle in his eyes, \"I used to think you Americans were all spoiled, soft sissies.\" I slapped him good-naturedly with my wet rolled-up shirt. \"Thanks a lot, frog-eater. Your strange eating habits seem to have addled your judgement. Americans, well, at least us fishing guys from Maine, are pretty tough people. We're used to wind and rain and heat and cold. I've been out in any kind of weather with my grandpa since I was four years old.\" There it was again, the small twinge of regret. By now I had come to find that I'd probably never stop missing him. At least I'd all but given up thinking about what my life would have been like if he'd survived the storm. It was alright the way it was, kind of. I just needed to get another job soon if I wanted to get any closer to my big goal of being able to afford a boat of my own. Back in my little upstairs room, I changed into some dry clothes and lit myself a cigarette to smoke contemplatively as I leaned on the windowsill and let my gaze and my thoughts wander. Grey clouds floated slowly into view, obscuring the sun and casting a peculiar light on the landscape. Within short, the skies broke and heavy rain rushed to earth. I took deep breaths of the clean air tinged with salt and fish. It almost smelled like home. The downpour was over quickly, the clouds dispersed, and I felt an urgent need to be outside again, to explore the surroundings further. I left the house and took the narrow road leading past the small port and up out of the village. At the end of the little slope, I emerged atop a ragged promontory with a spectacular view of the sea, the scattered islands a few miles away, and the rocky coves lining the coast. I followed the dirt path's meandering course along the cliff top, walking at a leisurely pace, until I arrived at the awe-inspiring ruins of the old abbey church I had admired from the bus window on our way here. I walked around the building and entered through what must have been the apse of the church in the old days. The roof of the chancel was still intact, but the pillars and pointed arches of the nave had lost their purpose, now soaring emptily towards the open sky. There was an archway to one side leading to an annex that had presumably housed the monks' cells. Only one wall with partially preserved window recesses had remained of these, and I imagined a young monk sitting, or rather kneeling, in one of them, looking out over the sea as he said his prayers. Suddenly, I heard a noise, a small, sniffling sound. My head snapped round, but I couldn't see anything or anyone. Maybe it had been some small animal scurrying past. Another sound, like a thin voice keening, just for a few seconds. I sidled back into the nave and stopped to listen. Yes, there must be someone else in there, someone who was either suffering from a cold or crying. Something was moving behind one of the thick pillars that had once separated the nave from the side aisle, and I moved closer to see if it was a person in need of help. I tripped on a large stone, sending it flying into the next pillar with a chink, slightly twisting my ankle, and cursed. The figure behind the pillar jumped and ran off through the doorless opening at the far end of the ruin. It was a girl in a grey dress with pinned-up light brown hair. My impulse was to try and catch up with her, but what business did I have to chase and probably scare her? So I remained where I was, leaning against the very pillar she'd been hiding behind, rubbed my ankle and wondered why she might have been crying and who had done her wrong. The young man who had joined her in the market square? Her family? A friend? Wondered why I wondered about her. I all but forgot her during the next days. Michel and I went down to Brest twice to try and find a ship that was ready to take us on. Neither of us succeeded, but we were both hopeful we'd have better luck next time. The rest of the time we were busy helping Jean-Luc overhaul his boat. Michel's uncle was very glad that we had shown up as he was late with getting the Sirène ready for the new fishing season. He had been out with a bad case of the flu for most of March and had been lagging behind with all the work he'd wanted to do before the weather improved. We sanded and painted and scrubbed, dismantled and reassembled and polished, until every bit of the boat was gleaming and in perfect working order. \"You are a godsend, mes deux Michels\", Jean-Luc declared when we were finished. \"Let's drink to all the work you helped me get done.\" It was a long evening we spent around Jean-Luc's scratched table. Cider cups were re-filled over and over again as we talked about everything and nothing in a lively wild mixture of English and French with a lot of gestures and the odd Breton word thrown in. Around midnight, Jean-Luc got up to fetch another bottle of cider from the cellar. We heard him whistling, a little out of tune, then a curse and a tremendous crash, followed by a cascade of more swearwords. Michel hurried downstairs with me following suit. He took a cautious look into the dimly lit cellar, gulped and turned away. \"Ewwww\", he groaned. \"I can't look at that.\" \"Jesus, Michel, what has happened?\" I asked, fearing the worst as I stuck my head around the doorframe, expecting blood or brain matter or both spattered on the floor and walls. It wasn't quite as gory – in fact, not gory at all, but still pretty bad. Jean-Luc seemed to have slipped on the stairs or missed a step and knocked over a small rack that had held cans of paint and various tools. These were now strewn all over the floor, and he was cowering in a corner, cradling his left forearm that was bent at an impossible angle. \"Just wanted … just wanted to get some more cider … and suddenly the step wasn't where it was supposed to be\", he moaned. \"It's broken, isn't it?\" \"I'm pretty sure it is\", I said calmly. I didn't comment on just how nasty it looked, not wanting to cause him to freak out in his drunken and pained state. \"Michel?\" I called. \"Yes?\" came his hesitant voice from outside the door. \"Can you go and get the doctor?\" \"No, no, not the doctor, not now\", Jean-Luc protested. \"That doctor drinks too much in the evenings. Like we all do. I'll go see him tomorrow when he's sobered up.\" I didn't think waiting was a good idea, but he was adamant. I sighed and helped him pick himself up off the floor and get upstairs, then fashioned a makeshift splint from a piece of wood and an old bandage Jean-Luc had kicking around in a grubby drawer in the kitchen. \"What a shitty time for this to happen\", he grumbled. \"First that sodding flu, then Armand leaves to work at a soap factory, of all places, somewhere in the south because he's met some girl from down there, and I'm stuck without any helping hand on the boat, and now I break my arm on top of everything. What rotten luck. I should simply write this fishing season off from the start, I guess.\" \"Why should you, Uncle?\" asked Michel whose colour was back to normal now that the arm wasn't looking quite as grotesque any more. \"We'll help you until your arm is back to normal.\" He gave me a pleading look. \"Won't we, Mick?\" It was not at all what I had wanted to do, stick around some village in a foreign land for an indefinite period of time. I didn't want to stay anywhere long enough to get attached to the place and people only to be disappointed and left out in the rain again in the end. I wanted to be back out sailing the oceans as soon as I could, be free and independent, accountable or obligated to no one but myself. And still I couldn't bring myself to say no. I felt I owed this to Michel and his family. After all, he'd still be working aboard the Victory if I hadn't seen fit to play the saviour and screwed it up so royally. I'd have been less concerned if he'd found a job with halfway decent pay on some other ship, which shouldn't have been too difficult for a young and able-bodied man like him, but now, with Jean-Luc's accident, Michel's strong sense of family wouldn't let him leave his uncle alone, and he needed someone to help him on the boat. He couldn't do all the work by himself. As it seemed, there was nobody else around who was willing or able to do the job now that this Armand had gone away, so I nodded slowly and agreed to pitch in for the time being, at least until a replacement was found or, at worst, until Jean-Luc's arm had healed. He got his arm set properly and put in a plaster cast by the village doctor, but that didn't keep him from insisting on going out on the boat with us to at least oversee our work and do what little he was able to do one-handed. Although I was determined to go my own way again as soon as I could, I had to admit that I somehow enjoyed the experience of working quietly hand in hand on a small fishing boat once more, mostly in silence, except for Michel's jokes and laughter. He was never grumpy, taking everything in his stride, be it stormy weather or a bad catch or some mishap like cutting his hand quite badly on a length of fishing line stretched taut. Nothing ever seemed to faze him, and his companionable way of making fun of us and of himself even brightened up Jean-Luc's sober face. On a Sunday in May, I went for one of my solitary walks along the coast after a hearty lunch at the Delacourts'. It had rained quite heavily in the morning, but with the sun coming out and the clouds pushed away by the steady breeze, it was a pleasant balmy afternoon on which I took my usual route westward, over to the ruin and lighthouse. I loved sitting on the edge of the cliff just outside the crumbled church with nothing but a few uninhabited rocky islands between me and the wide open Atlantic Ocean. The dirt path was still soggy and squishy, and my trouser legs were spattered with mud up to the knee when I had hardly walked a mile. A gaggle of seagulls were noisily circling overhead, screeching in excitement, almost drowning out the lap and rush of the waves twenty feet further down. One of them had some kind of prey in its beak and was now winging away swiftly, followed by the greedy rest of the bunch. Only then did I perceive another sound, something that sounded very much like rude curses. It seemed to come from very close by but I couldn't see anyone. \" Merde alors!\" I heard the voice again, followed by a clatter of stones. Now I was able to localize it – it came from the cliff face right beneath me. Certainly someone needed help there. I stepped to the side of the path, treading very carefully as not to set off a mudslide or rock fall or anything that might further endanger the person down there, went down on my knees in the wet grass and peered over the edge. There was a teenage boy, standing on a ledge perhaps one foot wide, digging his hands into the earth just below the cliff top, struggling to climb back up to the path but slipping on the steep wet rock again and again, swearing angrily. \"Hey there\", I called, not too loudly as not to startle him. He looked up in surprise, grey eyes in a pale, dirt-streaked face. \"Let me help you. Are you hurt?\" He shook his head. \"No, but I can't get back up on my own. That damn stone just came off when I trod on it to climb back up. Must have been loosened by the rain.\" \"Come, take my hands. I'll help you get up here.\" He grabbed my hands gratefully and pushed himself off the ledge to half clamber, half let me drag him over the edge. He lay on his stomach for a moment, panting, before he picked himself up and tried to brush grass and dirt from his shirt front and worn trousers. I just wanted to ask him what exactly had happened when a shrill voice rang out from behind me. \" There you are, layabout! Where on earth have you been? I've been searching for you for ages. Mother is out of her mind with worrying. You know she's having one of her bad days, and you know damn well Father's coming home tonight! He must be on his way already!\" I was surprised to see who this voice belonged to. I recognized the oval face and the light brown hair at once – the person yelling furiously at the boy while she came hurrying towards us was none other than the young lady from the market. The girl with the eggs. The girl I believed I'd seen crying in the ruins. She only seemed to register me when she was finished shouting at the unlucky fellow who was now picking at a tear in his shirt in embarrassment. \"Oh, it's you again\", she said in a softer tone. \"Can you tell me what happened to my brother? The cat seems to have got his tongue.\" \"I don't know what happened, I just came by and found him down there\", I said in my halting, flawed French. \"Helped him get back up.\" She gave the boy a disapproving look and hissed something I didn't understand. He spread his hands in a gesture of contrite apology, and she rolled her eyes. \"Yes, I know it happened just like that, and it's not your fault. It never is\", she sighed and said, turning to me, \"Thanks for helping him. Hurry up now, Loïc, you know we've still got plenty to do until Father comes. You promised to help me with dinner, remember?\" Loïc pulled a face. \"And you promised you'd go get some fresh milk for the crêpes\", she added slyly, narrowing her eyes. \"Oh, Gwenna, are we really going to have crêpes tonight?\" His face lit up considerably as his sister nodded. \"On my way!\" he chirped brightly and set himself in motion quickly. The girl watched him leave with a mixture of exasperation and amusement. \"He's terrible, really. Never thinks before he acts and always ends up in some kind of trouble. You shouldn't think he's fifteen years old. Should be a little wiser at his age. And what's worst, he'll never learn because he's always lucky, there's always someone who helps him out. Like you.\" I smiled silently. \"It seems like you've become a kind of family guardian angel for us. You saved my silly brother today, and that other time you saved me. I wouldn't have had enough money to buy more eggs, you know, and he always wants his crêpes for dessert when he's home. He'd have been so cross with me. It was very decent of you to do what you did.\" \"Oh, don't mention it\", I said, blushing. \"I've always … been taught that if you … break something, you make up for it.\" Again, I felt so foolish, struggling with my vocabulary like that. On the other hand, I doubted that I would have been more fluent in my mother tongue that very moment. Something in this girl's blue-grey eyes and fine features had a rather strong effect on my ability to think clearly. \"And by the way, my name is Mick. Mick Carpenter\", I said. \"I'm helping Jean-Luc Villiers on his boat for a while.\" \"Nice to meet you, Mick Carpenter\", she replied. The way she pronounced my last name with that typical French upward inflection was immensely charming. \"My name is Gwenaëlle.\" I tried to get my tongue around the unfamiliar name and failed utterly. She laughed. \"Just call me Gwenna, like my brother does, if that's easier for you.\" She paused for a second and added regretfully, \"I'd have liked to chat with you a little, but I really need to get going now. Maybe we'll meet again at the market or somewhere else.\" \"I'd like that very much\", I said. \"I promise I won't break any eggs next time.\" \"That's good to know\", she replied as she turned to leave. I stood and watched her until her small figure in the plain blue dress disappeared where the path dipped down towards a small cove. This girl made me feel the way I'd not expected to feel ever again, not after the bitter disappointment with Rosie that had left me with a wound time had not been able to heal and the certainty I'd never be able to trust anyone again, let alone love somebody. I wasn't sure what to make of these new, unbidden feelings, not sure if I wanted this to happen, not sure if it was a good idea or if she was even free – the young man at the vegetable stall came to mind - but there was something about her that lit a small warm flame inside me every time I saw her, and, walking on, I had an irrepressible little smile on my lips. I didn't see her for almost two weeks after that, but her brother came to buy some fish one evening and greeted me cheerfully. \"Gwenna sends her best regards\", he said, making me smile broadly in a way hardly justified by a simple greeting that might not have been anything more than courteous. Loïc looked around secretively and dropped his voice to a low murmur, lest someone was listening. \"She's been looking out for you all the time since the day you helped me\", he told me with an earnest face. \"She was quite disappointed she didn't see you at the market again, or at Sunday Mass.\" I was about to state that I never went to church but bit back the remark just in time. I knew the locals were faithful Catholics, and it might not go down well with her family if I bluntly expressed my feelings about organised religion. She had been looking out for me all the time. Half of me got almost panicky at the thought. The other half was overjoyed. I simply had to see her again. Not having run into her by chance until then, I got up early on Sunday and dressed carefully in my best grey trousers. My good jacket was already getting a little worn and shiny around the elbows, something I'd never noticed before, but it would have to make do for the moment. It did look quite acceptable with the crisp white shirt Madame Delacourt had starched and ironed for me. I wondered whether I should put on a tie for church. Jean-Luc would have known, but I didn't want to ask him. He had eyed me suspiciously enough when I had suddenly declared I was going to attend Mass, as he had more or less come to accept that it was part of my Americanness that I believed in God but didn't go to church on Sunday. Or any other day. Any decision was rendered unnecessary when I discovered that I must have lost the only tie I owned. Probably I hadn't even packed it when I stuffed my belongings into my suitcase upon leaving Portland. With a funny little flutter in my stomach, I walked the short distance into the centre of the village and stepped into the cool interior of the church of the Holy Cross. The small sanctuary was rather plain but not without a certain welcoming charm: whitewashed walls, darkened by the soot of all the tapers burning at the main and side altars and in front of a statue of the Virgin Mary, simple stained-glass windows in vivid primary colours and high-backed chairs with woven seats lined up instead of pews, gradually filling with villagers all decked out in their Sunday best, strictly separated by gender – men on the right, women on the left. I remained standing behind the last row of chairs and craned my neck to find her among the numerous young women in their almost identical dark \"best\" dresses. Once I thought I'd spotted her, but when the girl turned her head, she had a much sharper profile. Another girl turned out to be too tall … and then I finally glimpsed her, in a black dress with a white lacy collar, over at the far end of the fifth row. The scripture readings and sermon, the verses and responses rushed by me more or less unnoticed, leaving me rather cold, but the ardent beauty of the congregation's singing, without any accompaniment by piano or organ, touched my heart strangely. As people returned to their places after Communion, there were quite a few churchgoers who tried steal a furtive glance at the stranger in the back of the church. She saw me, too, and for a split second, our eyes met and she flashed a quick smile before casting her eyes down again modestly. The rest of the service whizzed past me. I let the wave of people carry me outside after the priest had given the final blessing and, keeping to the side of the rectangular church square, waited for her to come out. She was in the midst of a bunch of girls who had started chattering vivaciously as soon as they had passed the church door, but I saw her eyes dart here and there until she found me. I gave her a shy smile, and she said something to her friends who then headed over towards another group of girls without her. \"Good morning, Gwenaëlle\", I said, stumbling on her name once more. She beamed at me. \"Good morning, Mick. And please, do call me Gwenna. I know my name is difficult. It's a Breton name that even many French can't pronounce properly.\" \"No\", I said on a whim. \"I'm going to call you Nell. If you don't mind, that is.\" \"Uh, no, not at all. Nell\" , she said tentatively, trying to imitate my accent. \"Nell. Yes, I like that. It sounds nice.\" \"Would you … do you think … I'd like to see you again, you know\", I said, blushing in embarrassment about the half-baked phrases that seemed to be all I was able to utter, or rather stammer, in her presence. Her eyes lit up, and she answered, \"So would I. But … but we can't meet as long as my father's home.\" Her voice became small and her smile a little forced when she went on, \"He's very concerned about my reputation and everything, and he's terribly wary of anyone who's not from hereabouts. But he's leaving tonight for his next period of duty at the lighthouse. He works three weeks in a row and then gets two weeks off, you know. He'll be off to the Pierres Noires in the afternoon, and I think I can simply tell my mother I want to go for a walk on my own. I often do that. I'll meet you at the memorial at four.\" Before I could do more than nod eagerly, she hastily looked around, stiffened and said, \"Oh dear – Father's coming. I've got to go.\" With an almost unnoticeable wave of her hand, she was gone, had blended in with the other girls standing in the shadow of a large tree, giggling and chatting like she'd never spoken a word to the tall dark stranger in the corner. Her timid reaction didn't quite square with the rather spunky impression she had made on me so far. I wondered what kind of tyrant her father was. The stocky, medium-sized man who had just stepped out from under the church's entrance porch had curly grey hair and a broad face and didn't look unkind or unpleasant to me, but of course you could never tell what lay hidden behind the façade. He hadn't seemed to notice me, and I walked away at a leisurely pace, catching up with Michel and his family in the street who once again invited me to join them for lunch, an invitation I thankfully accepted as it would kill a bit of time until I was due to meet the girl I had decided to call Nell. In the afternoon, the sky was overcast and a light drizzle had begun to fall. I wondered for a moment if she'd really be there in this weather, but then, she'd certainly not stand me up without a word. I needn't have worried. She was waiting by the memorial as she had told me she would, braving the weather with a woollen shawl wrapped around her shoulders and a flowered kerchief tied over her hair. My heart gave a little leap at her sight. She looked so small and a bit lost against the vast sea in the background, next to the towering granite column erected in memory of merchant marine sailors lost at sea. I strode towards her to greet her a little awkwardly. \"You've come\", she said, as if she'd also doubted whether I would show up despite the rain. \"Certainly. I keep my promises.\" She smiled. \"Of course. Shall we walk over to the abbey? We'll be protected from the rain there. What a dreadful weather. Well, they say that, in Brittany, you can have all kinds of weather in one day. Seems like we've had all the good weather this morning.\" \"Oh, I don't mind. The weather's not much different where I come from.\" \"Where is that?\" she inquired with interest. \"I mean, where exactly? Of course I know you're from America, but that's such a big country.\" I told her happily about the beauties of my home coast in Maine while we walked over to the ruin and sat on a low bit of wall under the sheltering chancel roof, and despite my usual reluctance to speak about my family, I also told her about Grandpa teaching me all a fisherman needed to know and taking me on as his apprentice and later as his partner. I felt she'd be able to relate to that, coming from another country of fishermen and sailors. Her eyes grew dark and tearful when I spoke of Grandpa's death and the loss of the boat. She reached out in compassion and hesitantly touched the back of my hand, ready to pull back at any second. I covered her cold, pale fingers with my other hand in affirmation and felt her move a little closer to me. I extracted my hand from hers and ventured to put my arm around her. She leaned her head into my shoulder and laced her fingers through mine. \"May I ask you a question?\" I began cautiously. She nodded, and I went on, \"Was it … was it you I saw crying in here some weeks ago? You ran away when you noticed there was someone else around, and I didn't want to chase you, but I couldn't stop thinking that I might have been able to help you after all.\" She shook her head forcefully. \"You couldn't have. It was me, all right, but you couldn't have done anything to help me. My family is … difficult … that is, my parents are. Loïc is a darling, even if he's got his head full of silly boyish ideas. I wouldn't know what I'd do without him. He's driving me crazy but he also makes me laugh and is the only person I can confide in. My mother hasn't been well ever since he was born. She gets those mood swings, you know, and when she's in her dark valley, she's usually unable to work. When it's really bad, she can hardly take care of herself, let alone do the household. So Loïc and I had to look after ourselves from early on because my father's always been away a lot, always working on one of the lighthouses right out there in the middle of the sea. 'Hell' is what the lighthouse keepers call them, as opposed to the 'heavens' situated on the mainland. It's a hard job, but he's never wanted to work anywhere else, not even when they offered him a place at one of the 'heavens'. And he's not much of a help when he's around at home. He can't cope with Mother's condition, you know.\" \"Oh, Nellie.\" I was truly shaken by her account of what seemed like a life full of toil and hardship. \"I don't know what to say.\" \"On the day you saw me here, Father had given me quite an earful because I'd come home late from the market after the mishap with the eggs. I didn't tell him about the eggs at all, that only would have earned me more trouble, but he was furious anyway. My mother tried to mediate and only made things worse. He started to accuse her it was all her fault that we were such good-for-nothing kids and that the house looked a mess and whatnot. I was so worked up that I needed to get out, so I sneaked away when he'd gone to the village tavern to drink with his pals. I didn't want Mother to see me crying because it always upsets her so badly, and I just needed to get out.\" She paused. \"Sorry I ran away from you. I didn't know it was you. I simply didn't want anyone to see me.\" \"Of course you didn't.\" I hugged her firmly to my side and traced the outline of her cheek with my index finger. \"Sometimes all you want is to hide away and give in to your sorrow. That's perfectly fine. And you didn't know anything about me at the time, except that I tend not to look where I'm going and sometimes run over girls with precious eggs in their basket.\" She smiled wryly. \"I still don't know much about you\", she said softly, \"and yet you make me feel so safe and secure. If only we could stay here like this forever.\" \"Oh, Nell! We'd be freezing to death pretty soon\", I said lightly, and she gave a short laugh before becoming serious again and saying, \"Oh, yes, sure. I wasn't meaning it literally, though. It just feels so good to be with you.\" \"It also feels good to be with you\", I replied in a low voice, and it was true. I had thought I didn't miss physical closeness a lot because it had never been very important to me apart from the innocent kisses I'd shared with Eliza and the not-at-all innocent relationship with Rosie. I had thought I'd go back to living my solitary life contentedly after the horrible end of me and Rosie. It hadn't seemed a high price to pay for a life without disappointment and sorrow and the pain of realizing the person you loved was not at all the person you had taken her to be. But now I saw I had been wrong. I might have succeeded in shutting away my craving for someone to love me for most of the past six months, but that did not mean this desire had ceased to exist. It had come back with a vengeance through all my doubt and reluctance the moment I'd first laid eyes on Nell. She looked up at me with earnest, thoughtful eyes, appearing much older than the eighteen or nineteen that she was. Maybe it was the knowledge that she, too, carried invisible wounds and scars with her even at such a young age that made me abandon my determination not to get involved with a girl again; the feeling that she knew from experience what it meant to be hurt and therefore wouldn't be reckless with another person's love. I cupped a gentle hand around the back of her neck and, very softly, kissed her cheek, then, even more gently, brushed the corner of her mouth with my lips. If she was taken aback, she didn't show it. Instead, she responded with a tender chaste kiss on my own cheek while the rush of the rain that had grown heavier and heavier drowned out all sounds but our own breathing and my heartbeat echoing in my ears. ","Summary":" Mick is firmly convinced that the fishing village in France will be nothing more but a short stopov"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"This House Is Not A Home","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7953330","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once more, Mick is reminded of how nothing in life is ever set in stone, facing major changes and challenges he's not sure he really feels up to dealing with just yet ... This story is for my grandmothers, two women of very different characters but equally lovely and wonderful, sadly both no longer with us. I'm glad to have known both of you. „Excuse me, Mr. Walsh … this may not be the best time to address the matter, but would you have a minute for me? I have an offer to make to you.\" I turned around slowly, hesitantly pulling my gaze away from the gaping hole in the ground I had been staring into with burning, tearless eyes, long after most of the attendees had gone. Only Jem and Martha were still here, waiting discreetly in the background until I would be ready to leave. The man in the well-cut dark suit under a lightweight, expensive-looking overcoat seemed vaguely familiar, but I couldn't quite place him. He might be one of those few sons of the village who had made it in the big city, to their parents' great pride. \"Carpenter\", I said in a hoarse voice. I cleared my throat and repeated, \"The name's Carpenter.\" \"Sorry, Mr. Carpenter. I thought you were … it is correct that you are Mary Elizabeth Walsh's grandson?\" \"It is.\" I wondered what on earth that stiff-backed stranger with the accurately parted hair and the air of a lawyer or banker wanted from me. \"First of all, please accept my sincere condolences, Mr. Carpenter. My name is Charles Benton. My wife grew up in the neighbouring village, and her mother was a distant cousin of Mrs. Walsh's, which is why we came here today.\" I scrutinized him warily without saying a word. \"As I said, I know this is an … unusual moment to discuss such a thing, but as we are leaving for New York tonight and I wanted to talk to you in person, please allow me to pose my question. If my information is correct, you are the new owner of Mrs. Walsh's house on Seaview Lane.\" I had never thought of myself as a homeowner, but of course that was exactly what I had been, at least technically, since Grandpa died. He had made a will leaving me the boat, which had been wrecked in the very storm that had killed him, and the house. Yet it had always felt like Grandma's house to me, not mine. Now she was gone, too. Her and Grandpa's home was now mine alone, a terribly silent, lonely place. I nodded curtly at the disturbing stranger's question, eyeing him suspiciously. \"I'm not going to mince words, Mr. Carpenter, if you don't mind. I would be very interested in purchasing the property as a holiday home for my family. The location is excellent. And my wife would love to be able to spend a few days at the seaside once in a while with the children. Of course, we'd need to take a closer look at the house itself, but it seems to be structurally sound, so we'd just have to do some renovation work and maybe make some changes to the garden. So, Mr. Carpenter, I hope you will not feel insulted when I ask if you might consider selling the property? I'd offer you a fair price.\" He quoted an amount that seemed rather large to me in a casually businesslike tone, but then I didn't know a thing about property prices. I stared at him in dazed disbelief, so much taken by surprise that I didn't even wonder how he had come to know so much about my grandparents' … our … my house and grounds. The stranger raised his eyebrows in a wordless, \"So?\" I couldn't think of any proper answer, just shook my head defensively. The crunch of deliberate footsteps came closer from behind on the gravel path. I didn't have to turn around to know Jem was approaching. Benton seemed to notice him, too, and held up his hands in a placating gesture. \"Sorry, Mr. Carpenter, I realize this is indeed not a good time for me to ask. I just thought I might as well take the chance to speak to you while I'm here rather than on the telephone. My apologies for intruding on you at this moment. Really, I'm sorry. Take your time to consider my proposal.\" Jem had positioned himself close to me and glared at the stranger who now reached into the pocket of his fine black suit jacket and handed me an embossed business card of thick expensive-looking paper. \"Here's my card. Call me any time when you have made your decision.\" I nodded silently, pocketed the card and turned to walk off with Jem. Benton's polite farewell phrases trailed off uselessly behind our backs. Martha was waiting for us on the bench under the old chestnut tree. She rose stiffly and heaved a loud sigh. \"Glad that it's over\", she said. \"Good that you told me to sit down, son, I might have fainted had I had to stand much longer.\" Her eyes were red-rimmed, and she sniffled a bit. I felt sorry for her. Grandma had been her best friend since childhood. They had known each other for over seventy years, an incredibly long time to my young imagination. I patted her fleshy shoulder in the black wool coat that was far too warm for this overcast but mild spring day. \"Thanks for waiting\", I said quietly. \"Thanks for being here.\" Jem in turn squeezed my upper arm. \"Couldn't possibly leave you alone at your grandma's grave, could we?\" He had the same gruffly genial manner that I had loved so much about my grandfather, and his simple cordial gesture now brought the first tears of this day to my eyes. I blinked them away hastily and saw Martha's sunken eyes widen in disgust as Jem told her about our encounter with Charles Benton. \"To have the nerve to demand that he sell him the house the very day his poor grandma is buried! And to think that Mick would ever consider giving up his home!\" Martha shook her head angrily. She was positively fuming. \"Can you believe that? This is simply appalling! Really, some people have no souls. But then, he's Elsie Jefferson's husband, so I probably shouldn't wonder. That girl's never had a grain of good taste, and neither has her husband, obviously.\" \"Obviously\", I said wearily. They had been so sweet in their outrage on my behalf that this was not the moment to tell them that although Benton's offer had caught me completely off guard and I balked at the thought of the house being occupied by the posh little model family he certainly had, I would have to let or sell it sooner or later anyway. With our boat gone, which would have provided no riches but a decent living, I was trying to get by on whatever occupation I could find, helping out on the village fishermen's boats whenever the need arose or standing in for Billy at the port, but none of these jobs were permanent nor did they pay anything worth mentioning. In the months since Grandpa died, we had mostly lived off my grandparents' meagre savings that had dwindled rapidly even though we tried to economise as best we could. I might have gone away to try and find some decently paid work in Portland or further up the coast, but I couldn't possibly leave Grandma all alone, especially when her health began to deteriorate. Nevertheless it was a fact that I wouldn't be able to keep up the house much longer unless some miracle happened. Just a few days ago, the mere thought would have broken my heart. I began to think different about leaving now. It still saddened me to ponder abandoning what had been my home for so long, but it didn't really feel like a home any more with both of my grandparents gone. What had bound me to this place had not been the place itself, I had come to understand, but those who had inhabited it. Grandma's quiet, efficient care about house and garden, Grandpa's good-natured grumpiness, their love for the modest home they had made, their love for me, and most of all their love for each other, their blind trust and comprehension stemming from fifty years living through the highs and lows together, rendering words all but unnecessary – that had been what breathed life into the little house. The house remained an empty shell without them, the familiar old interior where I knew every dent in the floorboards and every chipped teacup doing more to depress than to comfort me. During all the long years with Mom and Dan in Missouri, I had pined for my old home, thinking it was the sea and the house that I missed just as much as I missed my grandparents, but now I saw that it was not places that mattered in the end. It was those who lived there that made the difference. The people you loved and trusted. People who loved and trusted you. People who let you be who you were. And, sadly, people whose presence you couldn't take for granted. Life had so many ways of separating you from those you loved, death being only one of them – the final, irrevocable one but maybe not even the worst or the most incomprehensible. I hadn't heard of Jess and Janie in over two years, ever since the letter I'd written had come back, marked \"Return to sender\", and I had tried in vain to find out why. Most of the time, I managed not to think too much about my lovely girls, pushing the thought as far to the back of my mind as I possibly could. Facing my most recent loss, standing by the third graveside in as many years, it all came rushing back at me. I turned away from Martha and Jem, leaning against the chestnut's mighty trunk with the bark chafing against my cheek, and simply let go of all restraint, let my tears flow freely for the first time since Grandma was gone. Without her around, I was ultimately homeless. I loved the house and the village still, but they felt like a home no longer. After a while, Jem's worn hand came down heavily on my shaking shoulder. \"Time to go, son. You come with us for dinner.\" I nodded silently, gratefully accepting the hankie he held out to me without any further word. The following weeks were a hard and lonely time. I went about my work mechanically, having returned to Alfred's boat rather quickly despite his offer to take my time about coming back because I needed to get out. Of course I needed the money, too, what with my funds so low, but the oppressing silence ringing through the familiar rooms of the little house was so much harder to bear than my dire financial situation. Grandpa's death last summer had left me feeling like my heart had been ripped out of my chest, but at least I had not been alone with my sorrow then. I had wanted to bury myself in my room or dash off to the seashore, but an endless stream of well-meaning neighbours and friends had flocked to our house to offer their condolences, bringing senseless pots and dishes of food, more than we could possibly eat in a month, and Grandma, small and fragile and very upright in her black dress, had greeted all of them with such composure and grace that I had felt guilty for my childish desire to simply run away and had pulled myself together. If she could stand it, so could I. It was out of the question for me to deal with those hordes of visitors alone this time. I had made it quite clear that I didn't want half the village to look in on me after Grandma's passing. Martha and Jem had thankfully helped me ward off the few who came calling. After the funeral, the two of them would often drop by in the evenings when he'd closed the shop to see how I was doing, often bringing some food, and sometimes Ted or Billy came over with a few beers, trying to cheer me up without much success. Most evenings I spent on my own, though, sorting through papers, trying to make sense of all the old documents I had found in the drawer of Grandpa's nightstand, flicking through the two old photo albums documenting not only their lives, but also parts of my mother's and my own, or reading the rare letters they had written to each other with the peculiar feeling of disturbing their privacy. Once, I opened the clothes cupboard in their bedroom, wondering what to do with its contents. The sight of Grandpa's well-worn tweed suit made me smile sadly. He had always looked so uncomfortable in formal attire. Grandma had wanted to dress him up in his suit for the funeral as tradition demanded, but I had objected. Considering that he had virtually, if not literally, died with his boots on, I had persuaded her to let him wear his working clothes this final time, his faded blue pants and jacket and a checked shirt, and his scuffed brown boots on his feet. Up on the top shelf, neatly folded, was Grandma's grey cardigan, the one with the hole at the elbow that she'd always worn for gardening. I touched it gently, remembering how the slightly oversized garment had used to hang around her bony figure shapelessly and how she used to pull it tighter around her torso when she was feeling cold. She had always been cold in those last few weeks of her life. She had taken to her bed with the shivers one day in early March and awoken with a bad head cold the next morning, which quickly developed into a severe case of pneumonia. As nature awoke around us with all its might, nights still chilly but days bright and warm, as the trees were budding and birdsong filled the air, Grandma's strength faded. Carol, a girl from the village with some basic knowledge of nursing, came to take care of Grandma while I was at work and helped out with the household. She was kind and gentle and I knew Grandma was in good hands with her, but each and every day I feared what I might find upon coming home, what state she'd be in. She was so weak that I was afraid she might not recover and that she would leave me without a proper goodbye, as Grandpa had. One evening, I returned home rather late. Carol had dozed off in the chair beside Grandma's bed, the newspaper she had been reading to her had dropped to the floor. I awakened her gently, thanked her for waiting until I arrived and sent her home, taking her place by the bedside. Grandma had all but stopped eating in the last few days, and it began to show in her face. She had never been fat, but recently her cheeks appeared painfully hollow. She slept most of the time now. I would have loved to speak to her but didn't want to wake her up. After a while, she stirred a little and opened her eyes. When she saw me, she inclined her head a little towards the edge of her bed. \"Sit over here with me a bit, will you?\" Her voice was still strong as ever, despite her overall physical weakness. \"Of course I will\", I said and did as she requested. She half sat up and took my hand in hers, squeezing it with surprising firmness. \"Tell me how your day was. I need to hear something else than all those awful things Carol has been reading to me from the paper. I don't care for all that political nonsense any more, or that ugly little man in Germany and the economy and all those depressing other news they print. Why can't they ever write about something good to cheer people up a bit?\" I smiled and gave her a brief account of my workday, adding, \"Alfred and the crew are sending their love. They hope you'll be out and about again soon.\" She shook her head slowly and said with a tiny wry smile, \"That won't happen, love. I'm going to be with your mom and your grandpa soon.\" \"Grandma! Don't say such a thing!\" I exclaimed, horrified. \"I need you around!\" \"I'm not going to die on you right now, don't you worry\", she said with a smile and patted my cheek. \"No need to look so startled. But that's the way it goes, Mick darling. And you know, I've been only half alive since your grandpa went, and I'm simply tired of it all. You won't need me around forever. You'll find yourself a nice girl to marry and have a life of your own, so what should you need an old grandmother for?\" She gave me a little wink. \"To dance at my wedding and to look after my kids, for example\", I retorted, attempting to smile back at her with quivering lips while my eyes were clouding over. I knew it was very unlikely she would live to see me get married and have children. I averted my head lest she'd see me cry and scratched my arm nervously, trying to keep those tears from falling. Of course, it was impossible to hide my feelings from her. She simply knew me too well. She reached out and laid a hand on my back. \"No need to cry. I'm still here. Save your tears for when I'm gone, love.\" I nodded silently with another shaky smile and blinked them away obediently. She ran her small thin hand lightly over the seahorse on my arm and said in a solemn tone, \"Will you promise me one thing, Mick?\" \"Sure I will.\" \"No tattoos to remember me, do you hear me? That giant seahorse is enough for both of us!\" \"Oh, Grandma! You can be sure I won't!\" I couldn't help laughing in spite of myself, glad she hadn't lost her humour and that little twinkle in her eye as her strength and her appetite diminished. She hung in there for another fortnight until, one Saturday morning in April, I walked into her sunlit room to find her lying on her back, her head slightly tipped to one side, facing the window, a serene little smile on her lips as if she was just asleep and having a pleasant dream. Yet her skin was already cold to the touch when I gently stroked her hand. She had quietly slipped away while I was still sleeping. \"I hope Grandpa came to meet you\", I whispered and kissed her cheek one last time. I sat with her for a long while, motionless, waiting for reality to sink in. I was quite numb, fearing that the frightening experience of feeling absolutely nothing that had troubled me so after Mom's accident was going to repeat itself. Only when I called Martha and Jem to give them the news and heard Martha's voice at the other end of the line, the floodgates broke, and I wept like a child as I told them she was gone. \"Oh, Mick. I'm so terribly sorry\", Martha said. \"Jem and I will be over in a minute, so you won't be all alone.\" But that was what I'd be from now on, all alone. The ground beneath my feet that had seemed so solid had simply been swept out from under me, the happiness I thought I'd finally found had dissolved. I had relied on not having to fend all for myself quite so quickly. I felt way too young and inexperienced to lead an adult's life with nobody there to ask for guidance or advice. Sure, Jem and Martha would always be ready to help me as long as they were able to, just as Ted and Billy and some of my other friends in the village would, but they could never replace the love and trust and that very special bond I had shared with my grandparents. I already felt a vague urge to start over anew somewhere else, to take life fully into my own hands, all by myself, wondering if this might be the kind of adventure I'd always dreamed of as a kid, in that twisted way life sometimes has of throwing your dreams back at you. I closed the door of the cupboard without making any decision about the clothes, but I resolved to make a decision about the house within the next couple of days. I didn't know what was worse, to imagine that family of strangers filling the house with their jokes and laughter and quarrels, changing everything about the interior and the garden, inviting their posh friends from New York to stay at their quaint little holiday home, occupying what should have remained mine, or to think of Grandma's lovingly tended garden in shambles, the paint Grandpa had always meticulously touched up peeling miserably from the walls while I was away at work in some distant place. Or the whole property falling into disrepair under my own eyes because I was too timid and sentimental to sell but couldn't afford to have the leaking roof mended and the rotting shutters replaced either. I decided to run down to the cove and swim for a while to clear my head. It was one of those lovely spring days filled with balmy air and brilliant sunlight that make it seem like summer has awakened a few weeks too early. Even now in the late afternoon it was still fairly warm. Leaving my shoes and shirt on the folding chair by the back door, I jogged along the narrow lane with only my shorts on, scrambled down the rocky path and threw myself into the waves. The sea was still very cold, and I cried out loud as I immersed myself fully in the chilly water and started out away from the shore with a vigorous breaststroke, not particularly fast, but steady and powerful. I wanted to swim as far as I dared, hoping I'd be mercifully exhausted afterwards and get a proper night's sleep for once. I swam, thinking about everything and nothing, reminiscing, making plans, until dusk began to descend. A chalky half-moon was already visible, hanging low above the clifftop. I shivered a bit as I got out of the water, my muscles burning with pleasant exertion. I cursed under my breath when I noticed that I had forgotten to bring a towel and forced myself to run the short distance home as fast as my tired legs would carry me. Martha must have been there in my absence. There was a pot of soup on the kitchen table along with sandwiches and two large slices of cake and a handwritten note telling me to heat the soup for dinner and to phone her if I needed anything else. I smiled. She was such a lovely, caring person, so much like Grandma had been. I would miss her and Jem's ministrations, but I had made up my mind now. Jem had been horrified at what little this rich fellow from the big city was willing to pay for the house, snorting derisively when I told him the price Benton had offered me, but it was enough for me to make a new start, and I had neither the knowledge nor the will to get involved in lengthy negotiations. I would have preferred a local buyer, someone I knew, but there was no one interested in the little property but the man from New York. So I changed into some dry, warm clothes, ate my supper and went through into the hall to pick up the receiver. Two or three times, I stopped midway, placing it softly back into its cradle, leaning against the wall, my heart racing. Finally, I took a very deep breath and went through with dialling the number printed in elegant lettering below an embossed name and title on a cream-coloured business card. This is my farewell song for Grandma, and here's hoping Mick will find his way \"home\", wherever that will be, one day. Izzy - Going Home Going home, going home I'll be going home Quiet light, some still day I'm just going home It's not far, just close by Through an open door Work all done, care laid by Going to fear no more Mother's there expecting me Father's waiting, too Lots of folk gathered there All the friends I knew All the friends I knew Nothing's lost, all's gain No more fret nor pain No more stumbling on the way No more longing for the day Going to roam no more Morning star lights the way Restless dreams all done Shadows gone, break of day Real life just begun There's no break, there's no end Just a living on Wide awake with a smile Going on and on Going home, going home I'll be going home It's not far, just close by Through an open door I'm just going home Going home... ","Summary":" Once more, Mick is reminded of how nothing in life is ever set in stone, facing major changes and c"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Storm Clouds","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10167833","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not long to go now until the baby will be born, but the happy anticipation is not entirely undisturbed, as some clouds are appearing on the horizon. Here's the soundtrack song: Jars of Clay - Flood Rain, rain on my face It hasn't stopped raining for days My world is a flood Slowly I become one with the mud But if I can't swim after forty days And my mind is crushed by the thrashing waves Lift me up so high that I cannot fall Lift me up Lift me up - when I'm falling Lift me up - I'm weak and I'm dying Lift me up - I need you to hold me Lift me up - Keep me from drowning again Downpour on my soul Splashing in the ocean, I'm losing control Dark sky all around I can't feel my feet touching the ground But if I can't swim ... Calm the storms that drench my eyes Dry the streams still flowing Cast down all the waves of sin And guilt that overthrow me But if I can't swim ... Lift me up - when I'm falling Lift me up - I'm weak and I'm dying Lift me up - I need you to hold me Lift me up - Keep me from drowning again I was a little nervous and rather distracted as I rang up people's purchases and helped them find what they were looking for. Evelyn had woken up in the middle of the night, uttering low noises that were not quite moans, apparently trying not to wake me, but I had not been sleeping well anyway after a nightmare in which I had been carrying a young child through a menacing snake-infested jungle, finding every escape route I tried blocked by all kinds of obstacles. She had experienced early contractions before, which her obstetrician had told her was absolutely normal, but they had never been this painful, she said when I asked what was wrong, and she said she was afraid the baby was coming prematurely, more than three weeks before the estimated due date. Against my own worries, I had told her that everything would be fine, that it wasn't unusual for kids to be born two or three weeks early. As if I had any clue about babies, I thought wryly as I held her in my arm to calm her down a little and then went on to massage her back as she requested me to. I had been unsure about leaving for work, but when no further pains had occurred until eight, the time I usually left the house, she told me to go. \"You can't stay home for weeks just because it might be the day the baby comes. Elliott wouldn't be amused\", she said. \"You go to work, and I'll call you if anything happens.\" Thus I went, reluctantly, keeping an ear out for the phone at the shop, but so far, it had remained silent. Or I had not heard it ringing, this being a busy day. \"Mornin', Michael, my friend! Whatcha gawkin' at? Ghosts?\" I only realized I had been staring into the empty air when Stevie Pearson's croaky voice shook me from my thoughts. \"Mornin', Steve. What can I get you today?\" \"Bits and pieces. Will fetch them myself. You stay seated right there and take it easy. You're lookin' like crap this mornin', if you'll pardon my French.\" \"Had a bad night\", I replied. \"Evelyn wasn't feeling well.\" \"Is she better now? How long until the baby's due?\" \"Yes, she was much better in the morning. Thank God she's only got about three weeks to go now. It's really getting tough for her.\" Stevie nodded knowingly – he had a bunch of kids himself – and disappeared between the shelves to find what he needed, coming back with a big can of varnish and some small items of fishing tackle, which he stowed into the various pockets of his shapeless coat while I tallied it all up. \"Well done, Stevie. Ten dollars exactly.\" He chuckled and patted his coat and trouser pockets, then his face fell. \"Darn, I must've left my wallet at home. Sorry, mate, gotta go to the bank first, and meanwhile ...\" He made to get all his little things back out, and I shook my head. \"Go on home with your stuff, you can pay next time. You'll be back tomorrow anyway for all I know.\" He grinned, tucked the can of paint under his arm and tipped his hat in greeting. \"See ya tomorrow, then. And thanks.\" \"Mum's the word\", I mouthed. If Elliott found out I had allowed Stevie, of all people, to put his purchase on the slate, there would be hell to pay. Stevie made a my-lips-are-sealed gesture and took his leave, merrily waving at me. In the afternoon, the shop was so crowded that Elliott actually ventured out of his office to lend a hand with the customers when he saw how much Dougal and I had to do. Several of the regulars inquired about Evelyn and the baby. I had not made a big announcement of her pregnancy, but of course it had transpired that we were going to have our first child, and very soon now. There was so much talk of it that even Elliott deigned to ask at some point, \"How's your wife?\" \"Fine, thanks\", I said laconically. He looked as if he had expected me to launch into some baby-related small talk, but I just could not imagine discussing back aches and premature contractions with Elliott Snow. All three of us were glad when six o'clock arrived and we finally got to lock up after this long demanding day. Having spent virtually all of it perched upon my stool behind the counter, I was feeling rather tense and stiff. I needed to stretch my legs a bit and decided to help Dougal tidy up the shop while Elliott busied himself with the daily closing. I went to get a broom and was sweeping the floor at the far end of the shop when suddenly some clamour erupted at the counter. At first, I couldn't understand a word, but then I clearly heard Dougal's desperate assertion, \"I didn't take nothin', Mr. Snow! Honestly I didn't!\" \"Then who did? Mr. Carpenter? Myself? Or maybe one of the customers walked round here and helped himself to a note or two from the cash register with everybody looking on? Don't be ridiculous, boy. Come on, confess. I know it was you.\" \"No, it wasn't! I didna do anything wrong! I swear I didn't!\" \"How's that for jogging your memory, huh?\" \" Ouch!\" I dropped my broom and made my way to the front as fast as I could, shocked to see that Elliott, the same man who never showed any kind of emotion, had grabbed Dougal by the ear and twisted it brutally. \"What's going on here?\" I shouted. \"Elliott, have you lost your mind? Let go of him before you rip off his ear!\" \"The little bugger stole ten dollars, and he's got the nerve to deny it!\" Dougal gave me a pleading look, his face a grimace of pain. \"I didn't steal anything\", he whimpered. \" Leave him!\" I demanded again, bracing myself to intervene bodily if need be. \"How can you be so certain he's a thief? Did you see him take the money?\" Elliott grudgingly loosened his grip on the poor lad's ear and glared at me. \"No, I didn't\", he had to admit. \"But who was it then, if not him?\" His contempt for the boy of rather humble origin was tangible. \"It's a fact that there are ten dollars missing. If it wasn't that little brat, there's just one person left who …\" \"Are you sure you didn't just miscount the cash?\" I asked matter-of-factly. He shot me a poisonous look. \"I never miscount the cash. Besides, I recounted twice, and the result was the same every time. So how would you explain this?\" Gradually, it began to dawn on me. \"Oh, damn … Elliott, I'm sorry, I guess I forgot to tell you something. Stev … Mr. Pearson came to buy some fishing tackle this morning, but he had left his wallet at home, and I told him he could pay tomorrow.\" Elliott stared at me for a full minute, his chest heaving, his face puckering with silent rage, before he exploded. \"Who the heck do you think you are, Mick?\" he yelled at the top of his voice. \"I clearly remember giving you and that useless boy an explicit order with regard to putting purchases on the slate. I said I was not going to have that, and believe me, that Pearson bloke would be the last person I'd make an exception for! Why can't you ever do as you are told? If you won't take orders from anyone, fine, then you better go and set up your own shop. As long as you are working for me, though, you will have to stick to the rules. I've been far too indulgent with you all along. Do you think you can do as you please just because you've been around for longer than I have?\" \"If it weren't for me and Dougal, you'd be out of business by now\", I said with a calm I didn't feel. Elliott was silent for a second before he hissed, \"Don't get smart with me! You're really beginning to wear out my patience. I let that thing about the neckties fly, I never complain when you have your endless chats with people, I'm turning a blind eye to all your cigarette breaks, but I'm certainly not letting you endanger the business! Today, it's only Pearson, tomorrow it'll be two or three more asking could they perhaps pay later, and even more the day after, and there you have it!\" \"Elliott, listen, don't you think …\" \"No, you listen to me now! I don't want to hear your apologies and excuses! You give me ten dollars now to set the record straight, you see to it that Pearson pays up, and you will never, ever do that again, am I making myself clear?\" \"Crystal clear. Abundantly clear.\" I scowled as I pulled two folded fivers from my pocket and tossed them onto the counter, adding acidly, \"Are you finished shouting at me? I'd like to go home now. It's been a long day, and rather exhausting, too.\" With that, I simply walked off and left through the back door, fuming inwardly, wondering what on earth had got into Elliott. I didn't tell Evelyn about my run-in with my suddenly not-so-tongue-tied boss when I came home. I had a headache by then, and all I wanted was peace and quiet. We turned in early, lying spooned together in the dusk. I began to caress her, trailing my hand down her front, feeling the baby move once or twice. I answered her kicks by tapping my fingers, glad that she was still safely in there despite the nightly scare. \"Take your time, little lady\", I murmured, \"no need to come out just yet.\" Evelyn lazily replied, \"Yes … but don't be too long, please, otherwise I guess I'll simply burst.\" I smiled and fell asleep soon, my hand still resting on her belly, reconciled with the world for the moment. Two days later, I had almost forgotten about the episode with Elliott. He apparently hadn't, or so I thought when he ordered me into his office late on Friday morning, his face inscrutable as always. \"Mick, I need to speak to you. Now.\" I wondered if I was in for another dressing-down because I had broken another of his unwritten, unspoken rules and, shrugging behind his back, followed him into the small room behind the shop that had been a messy but kind of pleasant little office when it had still been Donnie who was in charge. Now it was frightfully tidy and utterly devoid of any charm. Elliott sat behind the desk, peering up at me with what he probably thought was a sternly authoritative look. In fact, it was nothing but ridiculous in his bland, round face. He didn't offer me a seat, so I remained standing, not unlike a defendant in the dock, the only difference being that I had no idea yet what I was going to be accused of. Tapping a pencil on his green desk pad in an unnerving rhythm, he narrowed his eyes and said, \"You were rather quick to find a nice little explanation for the missing money the day before yesterday …\" Unable to restrain myself, I interrupted him, \"I didn't take the bleeding money, for Chrissake! Why should I?!\" He went on, unfazed, \"… and it was quite clever to make Pearson your accomplice, of all people, who would be sure to corroborate your cock-and-bull story.\" \"There is no story, cock-and-bull or otherwise!\" I growled. \"So why hasn't he been back with the money yet? Didn't you say he promised to pay on Thursday? Which was yesterday?\" \"Yes …\" \"And, did he show up? Did he?\" \"No\", I had to admit. \"I guess he fell ill or something. Stevie is a reliable, trustworthy guy.\" Elliott snorted. \"Just as reliable and trustworthy as you are, I presume?\" I raised an eyebrow, not sure what he was getting at. \"What I learned this morning finally proves you're not to be trusted. I know all about your false pretences.\" \"False … pretences?\" I screwed up my face, totally at a loss. \"What on earth are you talking about?\" \"Isn't it true that you are living in sin with that woman … that woman who's having your child?\" \"I wouldn't call it sin , but no, we aren't married, if that's what you mean.\" \"You never told me that you were … not married.\" \"I didn't know I was required to\", I said sarcastically. \"And besides, you never asked.\" \"You never corrected me when I referred to your 'wife'.\" His clawed hands scratched invisible quotation marks into the air. \"You're right, I didn't. That's because for me, she is my wife in all but name\", I said evenly. Elliott spluttered, \"I won't have that kind of … talk in this place, and I won't have any employee of mine living in sin! I'm a God-fearing man!\" \"I can see that\", I said bitingly. \"You must be fearing him something awful if you're so afraid of my 'sin'\" – I mimicked his quotation-mark gesture – \"rubbing off on you, or on anyone else, just because we're doing business together.\" \"That's enough! I'm not going to take any more cheek from you\", Elliott shouted. \"You cheat, you lie, you fraternize with the customers and go behind my back, and now you start insulting me? Go! You're fired!\" He was almost amusing in his excessive anger, with his face beet red and his voice keeling over. I half waited for him to bang his fist on the desk in theatrical affirmation. I raised my eyebrow again and asked, \"Are you sure that's what you want? Because if I go now, I surely won't be coming back.\" \"Go!\" he screamed, eyes popping. \"You leave this very minute, and don't even dream of demanding any back pay!\" I was not going to beg him to keep me. It was no use arguing with idiots. \"You'll probably want me to give you this first.\" I pulled my duplicate key from my pocket and threw it at him. It slid across the desk and fell to the floor, jangling dissonantly, just as I turned to leave without a further word. \"Mick? Where are you going?\" a familiar voice said as I pushed open the door and briskly marched outside. \"I've come to pay my debt … I couldn't come yesterday because my …\" \"Explain it all to him \", I said, slightly exasperated, jerking my thumb over my shoulder, walking on past Stevie. \"Me, I'm going home. Just got myself fired. Take care, old chap.\" I clapped him on the shoulder and walked on. I heard his outcry of indignation but didn't stop to listen to his incredulous grunts and curses. Gradually, what I had just done was beginning to sink in, and I slowed my steps once I had turned the corner. I had picked a fight with my boss at a time when it would have been better to keep my mouth shut. I had got myself fired three weeks before my baby was due. While I didn't actually regret what I had said to Elliott, I did wish I had swallowed my rage in order to have it out with him at a later point. I told myself I couldn't have known he'd react with such unreasonable harshness, but it was cold comfort. I shouldn't have let that bigoted fool goad me into jeopardizing my job in the first place – the job my family depended on until Evelyn was going back to work – no matter how self-righteously he had discounted the way we had chosen to live. Other people had done that before. Why had his holier-than-thou blathering upset me so? I didn't know. Neither did I know what to do, or where to turn to. The only thing I knew for sure was that I could not go home just now. I was not yet ready to face Evelyn, to admit my self-inflicted defeat. I dragged my feet as I walked to the bus stop, racking my brain for the right words to say. There were no right words for this, no gentle way to break it to her. She would be terribly disappointed, and she had every right to be. Short of a leg and out of a job, I was pretty much a failure as a husband, or whatever the appropriate term was for a bloke in my position. I decided to give myself until my usual finishing time, which was at six. I got on the first bus that came and rode all the way to the terminus, where I boarded another bus heading downtown. For once, I didn't want to be alone. I had no wish to speak to anyone, but the bustle of the city might help pass the time until I couldn't put off the inevitable any more. It was a wet day, not a particularly good one to be out and about, but the weather helped me blend into the crowd. No one took much notice of me as I stumbled through streets grey with rain. People hurried past me, heads down, shoulders drawn up, sheltering from yet another downpour under their umbrellas or the brims of their hats, eager to get inside shops or tea rooms or homes. I entered a tiny café and had some abominable coffee to kill a bit of time while I smoked two cigarettes and listlessly turned the pages of the day-old newspaper someone had left on the table. Once I had drained my cup, I didn't feel like sticking around the dreary place, so I threw some coins onto the table and left, the horrible brew burning in my throat and stomach like acid. A quick glance at my watch told me it was only half past three. I walked on for a while, past the station towards Belmore Park, my hat pulled low on my forehead, until my leg began to ache. I realized I wouldn't be able to walk much further without another break and entered the park, looking for a place to sit and rest for a bit. Most of the benches were dripping, but there was one below a large tree that appeared reasonably dry. I sat down clumsily, trying to find a comfortable position for my sore leg, and lit another cigarette, brooding some more as I smoked it and stared unseeingly at a rain-drenched, half-withered patch of small flowers. The rain diminished further until it was just a drifting damp mist that crept into my clothes and through into my skin and bones. I didn't mind it much - I had certainly seen a lot worse in my sailor days, and during the war, too - but eventually, I began to feel unpleasantly cold and clammy. Shivering, I rose and walked to the exit, trying to remember where the nearest bus stop was. \"C'n I help you, Mister?\" asked a teenage boy who was passing by, bright blue eyes in a freckled face, an insouciant grin showing a broad gap between strong front teeth. \"Looking for a bus stop\", I replied hoarsely, and he pointed into the direction he had come from. I thanked him, and he walked on, whistling tunelessly, apparently at ease with himself and the world despite the awful weather. The first bus that drew near bore the familiar number of the line that would take me straight home, in less than thirty minutes. Flinching, I waved it past and considered having another cup of bad coffee, or something stronger, somewhere nearby to fortify myself for the dreaded way home. A vehicle pulled up at the curb in front of me. I ignored it, ostentatiously turning my head to one side, pretending I was waiting for somebody to arrive. The harsh noise of a blaring horn startled me out of my purported indifference. Annoyed at my own skittishness, I snorted contemptuously and shot the driver a dirty glance. He leaned over, rolled down the passenger window and shouted something. What business did that figure have hollering at me? Was everybody bent on being nasty to me on this goddamn day? Wasn't it enough that I had let my job go down the drain and spent half the day roaming the city like a sleepwalker until my leg was screaming abuse? I took a deep breath, ready to give that offensive stranger an earful he wouldn't forget any time soon. He yelled out again, and this time, I understood what he was saying. \"Mick! Hey, Mick!\" I exhaled slowly and dropped my gaze to have a closer look at the speaker, expecting him to be some fleeting acquaintance, someone I certainly wouldn't have any desire to see. It was none other than my best friend Joseph Schell. \"What the hell are you d-doing out there in that filthy weather?\" he inquired. \"And why didn't you g-get on that bus? Don't you want to go home? Come on, get in, I'll g-give you a ride. You look like you've been through the wringer several times over.\" \"That sums it up pretty well\", I said glumly and folded myself into the passenger seat of Joseph's Ford. \"Bad day? Your n-new boss?\" \"My former boss, more like.\" Joseph didn't say a word for a moment, then the meaning apparently sank in. \"Your f-former boss?\" he asked, his tone alarmed. \"You're not s-saying he …\" \"Yes, he did\", I said laconically. I didn't feel up to any big explanations. \"Oh, damn.\" Joseph drove on without speaking, chewing his lip thoughtfully, the slapping noise of the windshield wipers the only sound beyond the patter of the rain that had become heavier again. After a while, he asked, \"Evelyn doesn't know yet, huh?\" I took a deep breath and remained silent, avoided looking at him. \"So that's why you d-didn't take that bus, isn't it? B-because you d-didn't want to g-go home and t-tell her just yet?\" My lips kicked up into a bitter smile for a second. \"You know me way too well, Joseph. Way too well.\" I sighed, and my mouth tightened when an awful thought struck me again, one that I had refused to acknowledge before. \"It's not just that I hate having to tell her, you know. I fear she'll … start having the baby. Isn't that what happens if a pregnant woman gets too upset?\" I would never forgive myself if anything happened to the baby because it had been forced into the world too early. \"I d-don't think Evelyn will g-get that upset\", Joseph said. \"And besides, there's n-no need to b-be afraid, with the baby due so soon. Both Conrad and Henry were two weeks early and s-strapping healthy lads nevertheless.\" I didn't answer. I knew he was right, but this new fear wasn't so easily dispelled. I was so caught up in my brooding that I only realized we had arrived when Joseph asked quietly, \"D-Do you want me to come inside with you?\" \"Thanks, but no. I'm not that big a coward.\" I remained seated and listened for a silent minute as the rain drummed on the roof of the car without cease before I opened the door abruptly and awkwardly got out, murmuring my thanks for the ride. I limped the short distance to the front door with my head ducked low, which didn't do much to keep the rain out of my face. When I dug the key from my pocket, I half expected my hands to be shaking so much that I would hardly be able to put it into the lock, but it slid into the keyhole as smoothly as it usually did. The flower pots on the windowsill, the fresh white paint on the door, the brick front were all the same as always. So were the coats on the rack in the hallway when I entered, the long mirror, the small cabinet with the telephone on top. Even the white rose on the hall table looked no less fresh than it had looked in the morning. So was Evelyn when she welcomed me with a kiss and a smile, pretty even in the shapeless brown wool gown she wore to accommodate her huge bump. It was only me who wasn't the same. She said something but I couldn't take it in. \"… aren't you glad?\" With a pang of guilt, I admitted, \"Sorry, I was not really paying attention. Did you say you and the little lady are all right?\" \"We're fine\", she said. \"What about you?\" \"Oh, I'm … I'm fine, too\", I lied. She gave me a piercing look and a sceptical frown. \"Are you sure?\" \"Kind of. Just feeling a little under the weather, literally. I got all soaked in that dreadful rain, and my leg hurts, and I'm tired. Just let me sit down for a minute before I grab a bite to eat and then call it a day. A good night's sleep might work wonders.\" Bullshit. You know it won't. A good night's sleep will do nothing to bring your job back or make you any less of a loser. I dropped into an armchair, shuddering. I was cold, a sensation that wasn't helped by my wet trouser legs and damp jacket, but I couldn't bring myself to get up and change. I just sat there, my face buried in my hands, like a little child pretending he's not there.[Chapter 2] Something was off, I could feel it. I hadn't liked the look of him the moment he walked through the door. Those tense, hunched shoulders, the tired eyes, the absent-mindedness were not just the result of an exhausting day. I assumed there had been another ugly confrontation with that God-awful Elliott. I had never met the man, but I loathed him for slowly but surely spoiling the pleasure Mick had always taken in his job at the boating-supplies shop. As he settled into a chair in the living-room, I retreated into the kitchen and began to set the table, calling out for him to come over for supper when I was done. When he still hadn't shown up after ten minutes, I went to look for him. He had slumped into the big armchair by the cold fireplace, hanging his head in exhaustion. This must have been a hell of a day, or his leg was giving him a lot more trouble than he cared to admit. Or both. \"Mick\", I said gently. \"Don't you want to …\" He raised his head slowly and blinked at me bleary-eyed. \"Huh? Oh. Must've fallen asleep.\" He rubbed his left eye and cheek and pushed himself up from the chair with some effort. His limp was worse than usual as he walked into the kitchen ahead of me. During the meal, he chewed on his food rather half-heartedly without speaking much. I ached to know what was eating him, but of course he'd never let on anything if I pressed him, so I held my tongue except to talk of trivial things. Getting up from the table, he winced as if in pain, and when he left the room, saying he was going to have a nightcap in the living-room, he was markedly favouring his bad leg. I cleared the table and stacked the dirty plates in the sink, deciding I'd wash them tomorrow. By the time I went into the living-room, he wasn't there any more. An empty beer bottle sat on the side table. He must have drained it more or less in one go. I found him in the bedroom, sitting on the edge of the bed, wrapping his leg stump with an elastic bandage. This was supposed to prevent or reduce swelling caused by overstrain, but he hardly ever did it unless the pain became unbearable. \"That bad?\" I asked sympathetically. \"Uh-huh. I'm going to bed in a minute. Sleep it off.\" I watched him unhappily as he picked up the crutches and headed for the bathroom, frustrated that I still couldn't figure out what was wrong. He did not say a word when he returned, just gave me a perfunctory good-night kiss. By the time I came back from my own trip to the bathroom, he was asleep, or pretended to be. He had curled up into a ball, covers drawn up to his ears, his face burrowed into the pillow, a dishevelled array of short dark curls all that I could see of him. \"Good night\", I whispered. He didn't answer, nor did he react when I kissed him on the neck, just below the ear. Certain that I wouldn't be able to sleep yet, I took up the novel on my nightstand to distract myself from Mick's odd behaviour, but the story failed to grip me, and my eyelids began to droop after I had read just a couple of pages. I put the book away, for once grateful for the fatigue that is the eternal companion of the pregnant woman, and rolled over into the only sleeping position that was still half convenient, on my side with an extra pillow stuffed between my knees. When I woke up, feeling hot, it was completely dark outside except for the light of the crescent moon. My back ached, and I knew the only way to make it behave would be to get up and move around a little. I threw back the covers and rose, massaging the small of my back with the knuckles of one hand as I felt my way to the door with the other and made for the kitchen to get myself a drink of water. Chilly air touched my bare legs upon entering the living-room. I hugged my arms around my chest, shivering. One of the French doors was cracked open, which accounted for the draught. I went over to close it, annoyed with my pregnancy-addled brain. I had been sure I had shut the door before going to bed, but I had become so forgetful that it bordered on embarrassing. Next thing I knew, I'd probably leave the house without locking the front door, or I'd find myself outside without my key. Just about to pull the door to, I saw a tiny flicker from the corner of my eye and froze. Mick was out there, smoking in one of the lawn chairs, facing away from the house. I hesitated with my hand on the doorknob. His posture clearly told me he wanted to be left alone, but I couldn't just let him sit out there. He'd catch his death in the cold night air. He tapped some glowing ash to the ground, a bright orange sparkle in the dark, took another puff and stubbed out his cigarette with grim determination. I opened the door and said softly, \"Mick, please come inside. It's way too cold!\" His head jerked round, and he growled, \"What are you doing up so late?\" \"I could ask you the same question\", I replied sharply. \"And why on earth are you sitting in the garden?\" \"You don't like me to smoke indoors, isn't that what you keep saying?\" \"Well, yes, but that doesn't mean I want you to stay outside for God knows how long when it's hardly more than fifty degrees. You'll get the cold of your lifetime!\" \"So what if I do?\" \"Heavens, I really hate when you get all self-destructive! Do come to bed and warm up.\" \"I'm not cold\", he said stubbornly. I clenched my fists helplessly in sudden anger and said harshly, \"Fine, then. Stay out there all night for all I care. I'm going back to bed now.\" I turned on my heel and was not quite done crossing the large living-room when I heard a subdued curse, followed by the familiar irregular rhythm of his left foot and the crutches. \"It's bloody raining again!\" he grumbled and stopped to close and lock the door. \"What did you expect of an April night? Sunshine and a balmy breeze?\" I asked ironically, still somewhat irritated by his earlier abrasiveness. \"Did you get wet?\" He made a dismissive gesture. \"Don't think so. Don't fuss, will you?\" \"I'm not fussing. I only want to know why you go to bed early because you're oh so tired and end up smoking on the cold patio in the middle of the night!\" His posture sagged almost imperceptibly, as if he had just given up resistance, had decided to stop stalling and surrender after all. \"Sit down with me for a minute?\" It was half plea, half question, and it had an urgency to it that made me refrain from asking why we couldn't simply go to bed instead. My chagrin dissolved completely when I watched him lowering himself into the armchair, pale and weary and a little forlorn in his faded brown pajamas with the empty right pant leg tucked into the waistband at the back and a tattered sweater thrown around his shoulders. He cupped his hand around the stump protectively, massaging it with nervous, fumbling fingers, his mouth twitching before he spoke in a toneless voice without looking at me. \"Evelyn … I guess there's something I gotta tell you.\" I listened in disbelief as he relayed what had come to pass at work the day before yesterday, when he'd come home irritable and grumpy, and what had ensued today. It broke my heart to hear his emotionless, hollow voice. I sat on the armrest of the chair and put an arm around him, but his body remained stiff under my touch, and I knew nothing I did now would be any comfort to him. It would take some time for him to recover from this unexpected blow. The shop had been so much more than the place where he worked. He had loved his work, which had not just been some necessary bread job but the much-needed proof that he was still valuable, that he was useful, that there was a lot more that he could actually do than what he couldn't. Without it, I feared he'd once more find himself trapped in a vicious circle of self-reproach, perceived worthlessness and depression. Not even the arrival of the baby would change much about that. If anything, it might make things worse. I knew how profoundly unhappy he had been about his inability to contribute to our household expenses during his convalescence, when there had only been the two of us to provide for. As if he had read my mind, he added as an afterthought, \"Now I can't even feed my own child.\" \"I'll take care of the feeding for the first months anyway\", I said drily. \"I'm the one with breasts, remember?\" He managed a very weak, fleeting smile. \"You know what I mean.\" \"Sure I do. But don't paint too black a picture. See, I'll get paid for writing the odd article while I'm on maternity leave, the money from the textbook deal is due to pour in any moment, and if all else fails, we've still got all of the proceeds from the sale of the apartment.\" \"That's what you have. I have nothing but a few dollars in the bank.\" I rolled my eyes. What's yours is mine had always been a one-way street in Mick's mind. He would have given me the very last penny he owned and then some, but he never wanted to touch any of the money he felt was mine , although I had long before stopped making these distinctions. \"What counts is that we and the little one won't go hungry or barefoot, isn't it? We've made it through a whole lot worse than this. Yes, I know that won't convince you now\", I hastened to add when I saw his face, \"but we'll manage, believe me. You'll find another job and …\" \"I'll never find another job like that.\" \"Okay, maybe it's too early to speak of another job\", I conceded. \"Give yourself a couple of weeks until you do anything. Try to relax. Clear your head.\" He leaned forward, pinching the bridge of his nose as if he felt a headache coming on, and I reached for his other hand. It was cold, and I suggested that we finally go to bed. He didn't object. I slipped under the covers and snuggled up to him very closely, hoping the warmth I'd had in excess ever since the early stages of pregnancy would help chase the chill from his body. It was an uneasy night. Weird dreams woke me repeatedly, but I went under in an ocean of bizarre images again and again, of which I remembered nothing but a subliminal feeling of unease when I finally awoke to bright sunshine in my face, heralding a surprisingly beautiful autumn day. I was almost happy for a tiny moment, until reality kicked in and I recalled our nightly conversation, especially Mick's account of his horrible day, word for miserable word. I was not concerned about our financial situation or angry at Mick for losing his temper with his boss - Elliott had certainly deserved it– but I was anxious how he was going to cope with this setback hitting him out of the blue, and at this point, too. I turned my head towards his side of the bed and was not surprised to find it deserted. This was nothing unusual. He tended to get up early rather than toss and turn if he was having a bad night. I was sure he'd be in the kitchen or in the garden with a mug of coffee and the morning paper, but there was only a note stuck under his used cup on the table. Gone for a walk. I read it and sighed. His leg surely wasn't going to thank him for it, but I hoped it would at least serve to clear his mind and brighten his spirits up a little. Colour had returned to his cheeks by the time he came back, but his eyes were still clouded with worry, and he said he had a bit of a headache, maybe a cold coming on. As if to confirm his suspicion, he sneezed a couple of times. I didn't make much of it at first, saying I wouldn't be surprised if he had a bout of the sniffles after getting wet and cold twice in one day, and encouraged him to get some rest, pretty certain that he wouldn't. But he did retire to the bedroom for a nap after lunch, and when I looked in on him hours later, he was still sleeping, sprawled across the big bed in his shirt and pants, snoring softly. It was cool in there with the window open. I wanted to tell him to get under the covers to keep himself warm but hesitated to wake him. Instead, I sat on the edge of the bed and laid my hand on his cheek. It was hot to the touch, a little too hot for my taste. \"Mick\", I whispered, gently squeezing his shoulder. \"Huh?\" He squinted up at me from sunken eyes for a moment and quickly buried his face in the bedding again. \"You're baking hot\", I said. \"I think you've got a fever, and I think you should get into bed properly.\" His only answer was an inarticulate groan. I went to get some aspirin and a glass of water. By the time I returned, he had not moved an inch and remained quite apathetic as I set about undressing him, weakly shifting when I asked him to. Wriggling into his pajamas was a major challenge, as was getting the medicine down. He lay back feebly after he'd swallowed the pills, shivering violently under the covers. Things did not improve over night, as I had hoped they would. He woke again and again, coughing badly, and the next morning, his fever was raging worse than ever. When I asked him how he was feeling, he gave me a long exhausted stare, as if trying to figure out the answer to a complicated question, before he hoarsely murmured, \"Like shit, to put it mildly.\" He certainly looked the part. I didn't like the glassy sheen his eyes had, or the extreme weakness that had come over him so suddenly. His forehead was damp and hot, but his hands were icy, and he complained that he was feeling terribly cold despite his flannel pajamas and the two additional woollen blankets I had piled on him some time during the night. Grimacing as the baby was making itself felt with a hefty kick, I got up and decided to make some tea. I was sure he'd stubbornly insist he wasn't thirsty if I asked because he hated being fussed about, but with a fever like that, he needed to drink enough to keep him from dehydrating, and I was ready to force-feed him if I had to. While the tea was brewing, I got dressed, pausing once or twice to catch my breath. I prayed I would not get whatever it was that Mick had. Everything was strenuous enough anyway at this stage of the pregnancy, without a blocked nose or fits of coughing, to say nothing of the dangers a high fever might pose for both the child and myself. I went back into the kitchen, arranged the teapot, a pitcher of water, a cup and a glass on a tray and took it into the bedroom. I had already heard Mick coughing when I was still in the kitchen at the other end of the house, a racking noise that was pitiful to listen to, but what worried me a lot more was the way he clutched at his chest even after the attack had subsided, doubling over with a pained face, breathing rapidly. \"Does it hurt when you cough?\" I asked, trying hard not to sound too alarmed. \"Does it hurt when you breathe? Maybe we ought to phone the doc-\" \"Ain't gonna need no doctor for a bit of a cold\", he retorted angrily in a thick raspy voice as he slipped back under his heap of blankets, turning away from me. \"Just keep giving me that disgusting tea and some aspirin and I'll be right as rain in a couple of days.\" I was not convinced and silently resolved to phone Dr. Vandenberg if things were not looking up by the next morning. After breakfast, if you could call a cup of tea that, he drifted back off into a fitful sleep, sweating profusely, his cheeks burning with an unnatural, blotchy pink, barely aware of anything that happened around him. Even when he was awake enough to sip a bit of water or tea mechanically, he seemed to look right through me. My anxiety grew by the hour, and I rang the doctor that same night instead of the next morning because I was so afraid he would never wake up again if I waited too long. It was Mrs. Vandenberg who answered, telling me her husband had been called away on another emergency but would be with us as quickly as he could. It took him two and a half long hours to arrive. Until then, I sat in the wicker chair by the bed while Mick was tossing and turning, occasionally wiped his sweaty brow with a cool flannel and otherwise felt very useless. When Dr. Vandenberg finally came, looking tired from his previous house call but still exuding his reassuring, quietly professional authority, he had established in a matter of minutes that it was pneumonia, which should be no reason to worry in a young and healthy man if no complications arose. I didn't dare ask what kind of complications he meant and nodded faintly when he said, \"Keep him warm and dry, change the bed linens and his pajamas if necessary, keep him well hydrated. His fever should break within a day or two and he should be significantly better afterwards. It will take a while for the cough to subside completely, but the worst ought to be over within a week max. I've given him a penicillin shot for now. Have him take those\" – he handed me a vial of antibiotic pills – \"three times a day, and ring me if anything changes for the worse.\" Apparently reading my thoughts, he added, \"You don't need to be afraid of catching it if you observe the usual rules of hygiene – wash your hands frequently, don't drink from the same glass, and so on. Please try not to get too upset. He's going to be fine. Do take care of yourself, will you? Don't exert yourself. And don't hesitate to call if you need any help. I'm sure Georgina would be happy to …\" \"Thanks, Doctor, I'm sure we'll manage.\" The last thing I needed was nosy Mrs. Vandenberg snooping around our home. It was past midnight by the time the doctor had left. I felt utterly drained but at the same time strangely awake and lay staring into the darkness for a long while. I had no idea where I was when someone softly laid a hand on my shoulder. \"I'm afraid your husband is dying, Mrs. Spence\", a voice said calmly. An authoritative, competent voice, that of a doctor or a policeman or a solicitor. I covered my mouth with my hand and gave a tearless sob before I realized something wasn't right. I was about to say I didn't have a husband any more, that Phillip had been dead for a long time. Until I looked at the figure on the low makeshift cot beside me. A tall man, a good-looking man despite his pallor and his pained expression, but not the blond, slim scholar I had married. \"Mick!\" I cried, I shouted, I wailed his name, over and over again. \"Mick, no … please, please, no! Do something, please, why don't you DO SOMETHING?\" I yelled at the competent-voiced person whose face remained a blur. \"It's … too … late.\" A barely audible whisper from bluish lips. \"Don't … fuss. There's nothing …\" He could not speak any more, but the way he batted his eyelids, once, very slowly, told me more than I cared to know. I threw myself across him, wondering briefly why my big belly wasn't getting in the way, and wanted to hold on to him, breathe my own life into him, but there was no substance to him, his body just dissolved beneath my touch. I screamed in sheer terror and raged at the doctor, yes, I was sure now that was a doctor who had been talking to me earlier. I wanted to beat him up into a bloody pulp for failing to help my beloved man. I got up and raised my fists to strike him, but someone restrained me. I struggled fiercely, but to no avail, kept kicking out desperately - and awoke, heart racing, my legs tangled in the sheets. Watery morning light was creeping through the curtains, and I heaved a deep sigh of relief. A tear or two escaped my eyes at the sight of Mick next to me, living, breathing Mick. The dream had been so frightfully realistic that it took a while for my heart to resume its normal slow and steady rhythm, and it had certainly done nothing to soothe the fear I could not entirely push away, the fear that there would be complications in the end, that he would not fully recover, or not at all. He had always been a heavy smoker, which surely must have taken its toll on his lungs, and who knew how robust his health really was after all he had been through in the war? There had been the sepsis that had cost him his leg and almost his life. I wouldn't be surprised if such a thing left the immune system more vulnerable to disease. But it wasn't just that. He had once told me he'd been out with a severe bout of malaria during his tour of duty, an illness that was known to cause recurring episodes of high fevers that could be dangerous years and decades after the original infection, and nobody could say for certain that there wasn't another kind of tropical disease lying low somewhere within, waiting to take advantage of a weakened body. An unbidden, terrible image of Phillip as he lay dying in the hot and muggy bedroom of our island home came to my mind. The passion and attraction between us might have been a thing of the past at the time, but I had still loved him in a way, and his death had robbed me of any chance to put things right. Mick's quiet, unobtrusive presence had been the rock I clung to in the weeks after Phillip's funeral while I tried to come to terms with my guilt and grief by embracing the natives' traditional way of mourning. He had been there for me and helped make it all bearable in the end – both the loss of my husband and the shattering feeling I had failed him and left him to a slow lonesome death. There was nothing that would make the loss of Mick bearable if this illness took a turn for the worse. He remained largely unconscious all through the night and the following day and frequently bucked and twitched under the covers in the throes of horrible nightmares that must be taking him back there , into the heat of an embattled South Pacific island. There was a lot of moaning and crying out and miserable whimpers of fear or pain or both. Most of it was unintelligible, but a few times, I heard him shout clear, clipped orders in a voice very alien to me, the voice of a soldier, used to yelling commands, used to being heard and to being obeyed unconditionally. In his brief waking moments, all he uttered was some dazed mumbling. He willingly let me help him drink from the freshly filled cup I offered him every time he emerged from his fitful sleep, as the doctor had instructed me to, or to spoon-feed him tiny quantities of the chicken broth I kept handy in a Thermos on the nightstand, but he hardly acknowledged my presence other than that. I fervently hoped Dr. Vandenberg had been right and it would be over within forty-eight hours. I wasn't sure if I could stand listening to his all-too-quick breathing and hacking cough much longer, to witness his suffering without being able to help him. I hated that all I could do was give him his antibiotics and plenty of fluid and wait for the fever to peak and peter out. Time seemed to pass at once too fast and too slowly while I kept my watch. I hardly dared leave the room in case Mick needed something or his condition deteriorated rapidly, but I couldn't sit in the same position for long, so I kept shifting and moving to find a tolerable position in the wicker chair or on the bed, sometimes walking a few steps when my back tortured me. The occasional contraction made me wince once in a while, but it never felt like anything serious, and I silently implored the baby to hang on in there until Mick was doing better. I don't know what I would have done without Joseph. He looked in on us daily, which was a great relief to me. He went to buy a few things we needed so I didn't have to leave the house and helped me change Mick's pajamas and the sweat-soaked sheets, something my advanced pregnancy would have made quite difficult to do alone. And it was good to have someone to talk to and share my concerns with, and I so wanted to believe him when he said with great conviction, \"He'll be okay, I'm absolutely certain. I've s-seen this a c-couple of times with m-my boys. It m-may look bad now, but the fever will break, and he's gonna be f-fine in no time.\" But nothing much happened for another two days and nights. Mick remained benumbed and drowsy, the fever was still up. I began to wonder if this hadn't been going on for too long now and decided I would call the doctor again if there hadn't been any change by the late afternoon. Joseph dropped by again after work, bringing a bag of fresh groceries, and stayed for about an hour, which took my mind off my anxiety for the time being. When I came back into the bedroom after I had seen him off at the door, I sensed something was wrong. It took me a moment to realize what it was. I could not hear Mick's laboured breathing, and he was lying perfectly still. This is it, I thought with a terrible hollow feeling in my stomach. He's gone. I stood on the threshold, tears streaming down my cheeks, afraid to take a further step and see my worst nightmare confirmed. Could that have been all? A mere five years together, and a baby left fatherless before it was even born? All because of this bigoted, self-righteous, single-minded bastard who couldn't keep his nose out of his employees' private lives. And, I had to admit, just as much because of Mick's complicated character. It was so awfully like him to rather roam the streets in the rain for hours on end instead of simply coming home, confiding in me, ranting, swearing, cursing his misfortune and his big mouth. It was pure Mick to go sit in the cold garden in the middle of the night, brooding and smoking and trying to deal with his problems by himself, even if he must have known it was no use. His goddamn pride had killed him in the end, and I had not even been there when it happened. \"No\", I whispered. \"No, please, no.\" A particularly nasty contraction ripped through my lower belly, and I clutched the doorjamb with a little groan, trying to breathe regularly, exhaling slowly through the mouth to ease the pain that was superseding any other thought or feeling for the moment, grinding my teeth until it abated. A rustle of sheets, a thick hoarse voice asking, \"Evelyn? Are you …\" I started and cried out, a peculiar sound of shock and joy and utter relief. I literally flew across the room, big belly and contractions and all, laughing and crying at once as I sat on the edge of the bed and grabbed his hand. It closed around mine tenderly, and I was glad to find it neither too hot nor too cold any longer. His face was pale, with dark half-moons beneath the eyes, and his chin and cheeks were black with several days' stubble, but his eyes were clear and focused without a trace of that feverish brightness, and he smiled his little crooked ironic smile. \"How are you feeling?\" I asked. \"A little wrung out. Seems I've had it pretty bad\", he said, and I nodded emphatically. \"I guess you were right about me catching the cold of my lifetime out there in the garden.\" I gave him a stern look. \"Don't you ever do that again. I was starting to believe you were going to …\" \"I haven't survived a war and all that other shit only to croak before I get to see my baby.\" He stroked my belly and asked, \"How's the little lady?\" \"She's …\" I had been about to say \"fine\", but all I could manage was a loud gasp when another cramp tore into my womb. He was still holding my hand and squeezed back firmly as I held on to it until this second painful contraction had passed. For a moment, I took heart from the fact that it had gone away quicker than the first one. Then I felt a kind of pop and a warm wet rush between my legs. I bit my lip and closed my eyes. Oh my God. I must have said it aloud, for he sounded quite alarmed when he asked, \"Evelyn? What's the matter? Anything wrong?\" I took a deep breath and said, \"No, nothing wrong.\" I paused for a second, trying to grasp that what I was about to say was true. \"Just our baby asking to be born.\" ","Summary":" Not long to go now until the baby will be born, but the happy anticipation is not entirely undistur"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Turning Points","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9841304","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mick has found a way to somewhat compensate his still-existing wish for a child and begins thinking about various aspects of family as some developments take him by surprise. Elton John: Blessed Hey you, you're a child in my head You haven't walked yet Your first words have yet to be said But I swear you'll be blessed I know you're still just a dream Your eyes might be green Or the bluest that Ive ever seen Anyway you'll be blessed And you, you'll be blessed You'll have the best I promise you that I'll pick a star from the sky Pull your name from a hat I promise you that, promise you that, promise you that You'll be blessed I need you before I'm too old To have and to hold To walk with you and watch you grow And know that you're blessed October 1950 „Look out, Mick!\" one of the boys shouted. At the same time, Conrad yelled furiously, „Henry, can't you be careful? You're such a …\" I reached out, effortlessly plucking the errant ball from the air, pointed at my young friend with the other hand and told him with emphasis, „ No calling each other names, remember the rules?\" \"Ye-es ... but he almost hit you with the ball! He's just a baby, really. Way too little to play with us. I wonder why he's allowed to be here at all\", he grumbled, looking to where his brother stood, and yelled, \"Come on over here, you little fool! Move!\" I shot him a warning look as Henry came shuffling across our improvised baseball field, dragging his feet, his lower lip pushed out sorrowfully. Conrad dropped his homemade bat, lunged at the younger boy, grabbed him by the shoulder and gave him a rough shake. \"Have you got any idea what happens when you get cracked in the head with a baseball? People die when they get hit in the wrong spot! You could have killed him!\" \"No, I couldn't have\", Henry whispered with forced defiance, but he looked doubtful if his brother's claim might not be true after all, and his eyes brimmed with tears as he cautiously peered into my direction. \"Conrad, that's enough now!\" I interfered angrily. \"I'm not dead, I'm not even hit , he missed me by half a yard and he wasn't even throwing very hard. No need to make such a fuss.\" Conrad pouted a bit but grudgingly let go of his brother. I clapped my hands. \"Come on, boys, back to the game. Who's next to throw?\" \"Me!\" ten-year-old Walter Franklin shouted with some excitement, took up his position and threw a rather neat curveball. Some of the boys applauded, and Walter, who was short for his age and very quiet but had a rather good command of any kind of ball, grinned shyly when I patted him on the back and said, \"Well done, Frankie. Ben, hurry up, it's your turn now!\" I couldn't help grinning when the boy almost tripped over his own feet with eagerness as he sprinted to the plate. I'd never have imagined I would end up playing the baseball coach, but Conrad and his friends had taken a fancy to the game a while ago and pestered me, the only American they knew, until I agreed to teach them a few basic things. I had never been much of a baseball fan back in the States, but I knew enough about the rules and tactics to instruct the boys, about a dozen of whom came more or less regularly. I had come to love our practice routine every other Saturday, acting as coach and umpire in one person, but I hated when sibling rivalries erupted on the field, which was no rarity - either it was Conrad trying to get rid of Henry, or it was Jonny Callahan picking on his younger brother Liam, or Ben and Larry, the sprightly Gilmour twins, teaming up against Topher, who was two years older but the least sporty boy I had ever seen – although all of them knew that I was not prepared to let any bad behaviour fly, especially not against the younger kids. \"Boy, I'd never have thought you could be that strict\", Conrad had told me once, after I'd sent Jonny home because he wouldn't stop riling Liam even after I had reprimanded him several times. \"But I guess you have to be if you're the coach\", he had added in an attempt to sound grown-up and very insightful. I had not been forced to be strict again today. Conrad's skirmish with Henry had been the only brotherly run-in, and even the two of them had made up by the time we were finished and the boys picked up their bicycles that lay strewn carelessly along the edges of the grass, bellowing their goodbyes and waving eagerly as they dashed off home. \"See you all next week\", I shouted after them, pocketed the ball one of them had left behind on the field and strolled towards the bus stop at a leisurely pace. I had promised Evelyn, who had gone downtown for some shopping, to meet her at a café we both liked, and when I walked in, she was already there, tucking into a large piece of chocolate cake. She gave me a contrite look and said, \"I'm sorry I didn't wait for you to arrive, but I was so hungry and I felt I was going to faint any minute if I didn't eat something right away.\" \"Don't you worry. I love you anyway\", I said and sat down opposite her. \"I love you, too. Even with your dirty face\", she replied. When I frowned, bewildered, she pointed at a spot below my right eye and added, \"You have a brown smudge on your cheek.\" I wiped at it with the back of my hand and remembered that I had helped Larry dust himself off after he'd fallen. I must have touched my face unconsciously afterwards. No wonder that some of the respectable elderly ladies on the bus had looked at me with a mixture of disapproval and indulgence. I had given them my nicest smile, thinking they were merely irritated by my scruffy clothes – a worn tweed jacket with the baseball making a huge bulge in one pocket, somewhat baggy brown trousers, an old pale yellow shirt without a tie, and no hat to cover my ruffled hair. That I'd had dirt on my cheek on top of everything else made me grin belatedly. I still loved breaking silly social rules and relished the fact that I, being a wounded veteran, could usually get away with eccentric behaviour. While I had my coffee and apple pie, Evelyn asked about the training and the boys, but she seemed distracted and was untypically eager to leave as soon as I had finished. \"Fine with me\", I said. I wasn't too keen on the bustling city centre anyway and liked the thought of spending the rest of the sunny day in the garden or maybe on the beach. Back home, I threw open the French doors in the living-room and went to sit on the bench that overlooked the sea. More than three years after we had moved in, I still marvelled at how we had been lucky enough to get our hands on this little gem of a home, if temporarily. I didn't even want to imagine that we might be forced to find something new in a year or two when the Valentines came back from the States. Better not think about it too much. Wondering where Evelyn had got off to, I glanced back towards the house, and there she was, crossing the lawn, carrying a small tray with two fluted glasses, giving me a reproachful look for spotting her prematurely and thus spoiling the surprise. I raised an eyebrow as she set the tray down on the bench and sat beside me. \"What's this? We've still got two weeks to go until my birthday\", I said jokingly. \"This isn't about your birthday.\" She smiled, a queenly, knowing smile. \"But … we have something to celebrate? Did you get a pay rise, or a promotion?\" \"It's not about my job. Not directly. Although I will be taking some time off work, too.\" \"Take time off? To do what? Write another book?\" She smiled even broader. \"Turn a new leaf, more like. Start a new chapter.\" I stared at her, trying to make sense of what she was saying. \"We're going to be a family, Mick.\" She reached for my hand. \"You're going to be a father in autumn.\" \"Dear God.\" I clutched her hand and couldn't have said what I was feeling. \"Is that really true?\" \"Of course it is! Would I be telling you otherwise? I've been to the doctor's this morning, and he estimates I'm about two and a half months along.\" My head was swimming. I knew I should say something but all I could do was look at her with an incredulous imbecile grin until she raised her glass and said, \"Let's drink to our little surprise guest.\" Surprise indeed. I would never have expected this to happen. She had appeared so busily involved with Roy and the university all the time, there had even been some talk about the possibility of spending some time in the U.S. as a visiting lecturer, a prospect both of us had been a little torn about. Motherhood had been one thing that never seemed to be on her agenda. We clinked glasses, and I drained half of mine in one go, not speaking for a while afterwards. Apparently, I was still looking somewhat befuddled, for she asked, \"Are you happy, Mick?\" \"Oh, yes \", I said, although I still wasn't sure what exactly my feelings were. \"Very happy. What about you?\" \"I am … now\", she said a little guiltily. \"To tell the truth, I wasn't thrilled when I first suspected something. It sounds terribly careerist and selfish, but the first thing I thought of was this new project I told you about. Roy and I have been working so hard on it, and now I won't be able to be in it until the end. What's more, getting back on the job after a while will be quite difficult, I presume. The academic world doesn't stop turning while you're taking a time-out to raise a child, and it remains to be seen if they'll want me back at all once I'm a mother.\" She sighed. \"And next, I wondered what you would say. We'd never really talked about kids, and I wasn't sure if you wanted any. At first, I was a little afraid to tell you, to be honest.\" I took another sip of the bubbly and remained silent. \"But then, I suddenly remembered that night when Conrad was so ill and you were babysitting Henry. When I came back from the hospital, you were holding him in your arms. He looked as if he actually belonged there, and there was something in your eyes I had never seen before.\" I had a very clear memory of that evening myself, of the sleeping boy, of my mediocre attempts at singing him a lullaby, and of the craving that had taken hold of me out of the blue. \"I just know you'll be a wonderful father\", she added. I wasn't so sure about that, but I said nothing. Instead, I hastily emptied my glass, set it aside and bowed my head to kiss her on the lips, seeking reassurance in her familiar embrace. Yes, I was happy about the news that we would be a family after all, that this old dream of mine was finally coming true, but my joy was not unreserved. I was also pretty scared, now that it was an irrevocable fact that there was a baby on the way. Scared of the enormous responsibility a child meant. Scared of not being up to the challenges of fatherhood, be it because of my disability or of other shortcomings I had. Scared of all that could go wrong along the way, both for Evelyn and the baby. I stiffened at the notion and pressed her tighter against me, staring blankly into space over her head. I knew how dangerous a birth could be, for mother and child. My own mother had almost lost her life when Jess was born, and for the first anxious couple of days, it had been anything but sure that the baby was going to survive. What was I supposed to do if history repeated itself, with a turn for the worse? And even if the birth did go well, there was so much you could do wrong as a parent. It was so easy to damage a child permanently without the slightest intention. To burden him or her with too many expectations or to show too little appreciation. To harm a trustful little soul again and again with a harsh word, a slap here, a thoughtless remark, a lapse of temper there. There was so much else that could happen, too, shattering things that could not be influenced, calamities the greatest love and care in the world could not prevent. Life had taught me that lesson very early on. I had been a perfectly happy little boy, living in my cosy little world, getting my hugs from Mom and playing games with my dad, the person I trusted and loved and adored more than anything. And then, he went away to fight in the war in Europe, and on a warm summer day when I was not even five years old, I found Mommy sitting in the kitchen, crying over a telegram, and she told me Daddy would not be coming back, no matter how long I waited. I was older now than both of my parents would ever be. They had been so young when they'd had me, my mother nineteen and my father twenty-one, and still neither had lived to see me reach my twentieth birthday. My father had been killed in combat, which certainly wasn't going to be my destiny any more, but what if some fateful accident like the one that had claimed my mother's life happened to me while the child was still young? Or, much worse, what if something happened to Evelyn? What would I do without her? How would I take care of a helpless little baby when I sometimes couldn't even seem to look after myself properly? \"Stop brooding, Mick.\" Evelyn had gently disengaged herself from my arms, taking my face into both hands, and gave me a long, intense look. \"Don't start imagining all that could go wrong.\" \"I didn't …\" \"Of course you did. You don't fool me, Mr. Carpenter. I've known you for long enough.\" She ran her thumb along my cheekbone affectionately. \"Why don't you believe everything will be okay, just this once?\" I smiled wryly. \"You know I'm an old pessimist, but I'll try my best.\" I leaned forward to kiss her on the forehead. She tilted her face up at the same moment, and our noses collided, which made both of us laugh. We were still chuckling softly as we kissed, my hand on her still-flat belly that was now, inconceivably, sheltering a tiny creature sprung from our love. That she was really, truly carrying our baby remained unreal to me even as a charming little bulge began to show and her skirts and trousers got too tight around the waist. At home, she took to wearing loose-fitting shirts, which she sometimes nicked from my side of the wardrobe, over pants with the top button left open. Her breasts grew rounder and heavier, her face softer, and I found she was more beautiful than ever. She tired faster than usual, but apart from that, she didn't seem to suffer from any pregnancy-related ailments and went on with her life pretty much as before. When I asked her to be careful and to make sure she got enough rest, she just laughed. \"I'm pregnant, Mick, not terminally ill. You'll see, I'll automatically take things easier and let you do all the work once I get really fat.\" I, for my part, kept alternating between elation that I would at last get to hold a child that was my very own and recurring profound doubts and worries. I was ready to do anything for the little one to be safe and happy, but I only needed to read the latest news from Korea in the papers to start wondering if it was a good idea to have children in a world full of idiots waging wars that killed or crippled their fathers. Or even themselves. One Sunday morning, something else struck me as I watched her devour her eggs and several slices of toast with a healthy appetite, and I asked her hesitantly, \"Evelyn … the baby is okay, isn't it? Everything going according to plan?\" \" Yes , Mick. I told you a million times everything's fine. I swear it is. Really.\" She sounded a trifle irritated, so I felt compelled to explain myself, even if it wasn't a very suitable subject to discuss over breakfast. \"Good. I only thought … well, it seems rather silly now that I'm saying it aloud, but … you've never been sick in the morning, have you?\" \"Ugh, no.\" She laughed. \"Fortunately, not all women get morning sickness.\" \"Oh, really? I didn't … know that.\" I felt stupid for having assumed all my life that vomiting in the morning was an integral part of any normal pregnancy. \"I remember that my mother used to throw up a lot when she was pregnant, at least during the first half or so, and everybody kept telling her that the sickness was a sure sign that the baby was doing fine.\" \"I know that's what they say, but it's utter nonsense. Thank God. I can do without hugging the porcelain every morning.\" She made a face and then became serious, studying me silently for a minute before she said, \"Did you just say you remember when your mother was pregnant?\" \"Um … yes? Why?\" \"Mick, you can't possibly remember anything from when you weren't even born!\" Now I was the one to give her a puzzled stare, until I realized that there was something I had never told her, perhaps because I didn't like to think too much about it myself. \"Oh, I see\", I said and went on to explain quietly, \"I'm not talking about when she was expecting me, obviously. My mother remarried when I was nine, and she got pregnant with my sister not much later. I remember very well how I thought she was terribly ill when I first noticed she was running to the bathroom all the time. I was really worried until they told me I was going to have a little sibling.\" Evelyn breathed, \"I had no idea you've got a sister. I've always believed you were an only child.\" \"In a way, that's what I've been for a long time\", I replied. She gasped softly, apparently thinking whatever brothers or sisters I might have had were long dead. I knew I was being too cryptic, but it took me a long pause and some very deep breaths until I was ready to tell Evelyn of the girls I had left behind when I went away to pursue my dreams and never saw again after Mom's death. She listened intently as I spoke of Jess and Janie, of how we had loved and adored each other, how I had gone back home to Maine with the promise to write and visit them regularly, and how I had lost track of them painfully soon after the accident that killed my mother when they moved out of town without leaving as much as a forwarding address. As I relayed how I had followed up what little leads I'd had, to no avail, my voice failed repeatedly, and to my horror, I felt my eyes prickle suspiciously. \"I've never been able to shake the feeling that I failed them\", I said sadly. \"I promised I would always love them and stay in touch forever, and I didn't even manage to make good on it for more than a year.\" It still hurt, two decades later. I silently vowed nothing would ever make me abandon my child as long as I lived, and I wished I would find some way to locate the girls, who weren't girls any more now but grown-up women in their twenties. If they would want to see me at all. I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't after such a long time. They had probably given up on me ages ago. Evelyn reached for my hand across the table and said, \"Don't berate yourself, Mick. It wasn't your fault. You did your best, especially considering you were hardly more than a kid yourself at the time. What else could you have done when you were left without any hint where they had moved off to? Who knows, maybe they have tried looking for you, too, without knowing where to start.\" I had never seen it that way, that maybe one of them, or both, might have begun to search for me once they were old enough, turning up nothing but dead ends because nobody knew where I had gone after decamping from my quarters above Harry's bar in Portland. \"Yes, who knows\", I said, thinking that perhaps I ought to give it one last try. I made a mental note to find out how to start an enquiry with the Red Cross or some other organisation helping people in search of loved ones. If it had been possible for me and Evelyn to be reunited, maybe there was a chance that I might find my sisters, too, and that our child would have two aunts who were more to him or her than just a pair of little girls in an old photograph.[Chapter 2] January 1951 There it was again, a little flutter inside me, as delicate as butterfly wings. I stopped typing for a moment and held my breath, hoping I'd get to feel it once more. It was the most peculiar and the most heart-warming sensation. I had tried to describe it to Mick, but words just didn't suffice to convey what it was like when the baby moved in my womb. He said it sounded like the most beautiful thing in the world, but he still had trouble really imagining it. At five months, bending over was getting more and more difficult, I moved a little slower than I used to, and I had needed to get some new clothes to accommodate the growing bump, but otherwise I was surprised to find I was feeling just wonderful and actually enjoyed this new experience. The baby had apparently decided it was time for a rest and did not move again. With a little smile on my lips, I returned to my typewriter and the journal article I was working on. The distinctive click of a key turning in the front-door lock made me frown. I pushed a stack of paper aside to check the small clock on my desk and wondered what on earth Mick was doing home at half past three on a Wednesday at the height of the season. With a bad gut feeling, I got up and went into the corridor. \"Mick?\" He was hanging up his jacket, facing away from me, but even so I could see he was trying way too hard to appear relaxed and casual. When he turned and looked at me, I was startled by his sagging shoulders, his white face and dark disturbed eyes. \"Mick, what's the matter? Are you ill? Is it your leg? Did you take a fall?\" He shook his head mutely. \"Was there some incident at the shop? Did you get robbed?\" Again, he shook his head without a word, weakly touched a hand to his face and said in a terribly hollow voice, \"Donnie's dead.\" \" What?\" I exclaimed, utterly horrified. \"Donnie's dead\", he repeated. \"He went out around noontime to buy us sandwiches for lunch and got run down by a car on his way back. Bastard just drove off and left him there. Not that it would have been any use, the police said he was gone right away and never knew what hit him, but still …\" \"Oh God.\" I could hardly believe it. Donnie was one of those people you simply don't ever associate with mortality, a fun-loving, easy-going type of about Mick's age with a boyish charm and an eternal grin on his face. Losing him, Mick did not just lose his boss. He lost a friend. His only close friend beside Joseph Schell, who had virtually become family, along with his two boys. I went to put my arms around him without saying anything. He held on to me for a minute, stunned and silent, but broke away rather fast, murmuring, \"I need a shower.\" Of course. He needed to be alone with his grief. I watched him sadly as he walked down the corridor to the bathroom, pretending he was as okay as he could be. It was his gait that betrayed him, the way he dragged his artificial leg and kept his back rigid. I heard him turn the water on and went back into my study with a heavy heart. The warm water flowed down my face, mingling with my tears, washing them away. Only a few hours ago, Donnie and I had been discussing weekend plans while he was refilling the shelves of fishing gear with bait jars and lures and hooks from a large cardboard box tucked under his arm and I was tidying up one of the messy drawers beneath the counter. The weather forecast for Sunday was fine, and we had wanted to take the Maria, Donnie's pretty sloop he had named for his wife, on a trip up the coast as we often did on sunny weekends. In my mind, I had already heard the snap of her white sails in the breezy wind and felt the exhilarating sensation that took hold of me every time she picked up speed. If it hadn't been for Donnie's persistent cajoling, I might never have gone sailing again, but he had refuted all my objections until I had found myself in a rocking dinghy with Donnie rowing the two of us over to where the Maria lay moored. Somehow, I had managed to get on board and off again without taking an unplanned bath, and on the way back, Donnie had said with a disrespectful grin, \"Didn't lose any of your sea legs, did you?\" The memory made me smile for the fraction of a second and then had me crying even more. I couldn't believe he was gone. It was such a senseless waste. Why did life have to be so bloody unfair so often? I turned off the tap and towelled myself dry, rubbing fiercely as if trying to erase the solemn expression of the policeman who had broken the awful news to me, the shock registering in the face of the customers who happened to be around when the cop came in, and Maria's terrible anguished cry on the phone when I called her to say that the man she had married last spring was dead, killed on his lunch break by some coward in a sports car. After making this dreadful call, I had locked up the shop and sat behind the counter for a long time, my head in my hands, trying to grasp what had happened and finding I couldn't. Mechanical routine had kicked in when I did the daily closing, switched off the lights, checked all the doors and windows and went to the bank to deposit the day's takings before I caught the bus home. Routine would hopefully keep me going until I knew what was to become of the shop that I had grown to love almost as if it were my own. I had no idea what its future would be. Donnie and I had never talked about these things because it had never seemed necessary, not for a very long time. In the end, his older brother Elliott, the eldest living relation, inherited the shop, as Donnie had not made a will stating otherwise, and decided to quit his office job at a furniture factory to manage his new business. He wasn't much of an expert in boating and fishing and the direct opposite of his brother in virtually every respect – withdrawn, tight-lipped, a typical number-cruncher whom I was happy to leave poring over the books in the back room most of the time while I dealt with the customers alone. The regulars were simply glad that business went on more or less as usual, and I was thankful that I still had a job, but it wasn't the same without Donnie. It was not that Elliot was unfriendly or impolite, but he remained so remote and distant, hiding behind an expressionless face. He didn't seem to have any passion for what we were doing here, or for anything else. His foremost concern was with the figures in his ledger, not with the people we served and the merchandise we handled. He went fishing with his sons occasionally, but more for their sake than for his own pleasure, and although he knew how to sail, he didn't seem to care for it. At first, he only came into the shop in the evenings or on Saturdays because the company he worked for wouldn't let him leave immediately. I didn't mind. I knew my trade well enough by now to keep things up and running, and I had taken on a fifteen-year-old boy, Dougal McKenzie, to help me. Initially, I had simply wanted someone to lend a hand with all that was too much of a challenge for me physically, but he was clever, quick-witted and very willing to learn, so it wasn't long until I promoted him to shop assistant. Elliott was wary of Dougal, foremost because he hailed from a less than respectable part of town, and often eyed him suspiciously when he was manning the cash register, but I never had cause for complaint about the boy, and the customers seemed to like him, too. Sometimes I wished things could stay the way they were now, with Elliott only popping in occasionally to do the bookkeeping, as I sensed he didn't really fit in. But as of March, he took over fully, apparently bent on performing the clean sweep he thought was expected of a new broom. First of all, he declared that he didn't like people hanging around the shop and talk after they had made their purchase, and one day he actually had the nerve to turn out Stevie Pearson. As was his habit, my old pal had been sticking around for a while after he'd bought some repair material for his boat, telling me some anecdotes from his colourful life. Stevie gave me a long, meaningful look before he slapped his cap back on his balding head and shuffled off, muttering something unintelligible, and left me feeling like a coward for not interceding on his behalf, although it would certainly not have been wise to confront Elliott in the presence of customers. I tried to talk some sense into him later, said he'd only succeed in scaring away all those who came not just to buy something but also in a way to meet old friends, but he wouldn't hear of it. \"Let them go to the pub to chatter\" was his sole comment. For him, work and pleasure clearly didn't mix. Next, he got it into his head that Dougal and I ought to wear a tie at work. I flatly refused. I didn't think we would sell any more fenders and fishing hooks than we did now just because the two of us tied strips of cloth around our necks, or rather, I didn't think any of our customers cared about our clothes at all, which was exactly what I said to Elliott. He stared at me in disbelief, his mouth opening and closing like that of a fish out of water, and retreated into his cubbyhole behind the shop without speaking a word, shaking his head about my latest exhibition of fractious behaviour. Dougal and I exchanged a glance that said more than a thousand words and continued to show up for work in our usual clean, neat, open-necked shirts. Elliott glared at us the next morning but kept his mouth shut. I tried hard to maintain the old spirit in the weeks that followed, but it was difficult with Elliott around. He didn't show himself a lot in the sales room, but nevertheless there was a subtle but perceptible change in the atmosphere that had nothing to do with Donnie's loss. I missed him more with every day that passed, missed his perennial good humour and laid-back manner, his friendship and his way of making anyone feel at ease. He had truly been the soul of the place. I also missed my little chats with the regulars. Hardly anyone ever lingered at the counter any more like they usually had. Even Stevie ceased dropping by quite as often as he used to. Occasionally, when there were no other customers to take care of and Elliott had holed up in his office, I would go outside with Stevie for a quick smoke and a chat before I'd slip back inside again, half hoping my new boss had not noticed, half hoping he had and the underlying tension between us would finally erupt in a clash of tempers, ending this coolly civil keeping up of appearances that only masked our growing dislike for each other. Only trouble was that this man didn't seem to have a temper. He was the kind of guy you cannot even quarrel with, apparently incapable of any show of emotion. Evelyn noticed something was off, too, but I didn't want to bother her too much with what seemed like petty complaints about work and didn't much go into detail when she asked what was wrong. I told myself to be glad that the shop still existed at all after Donnie's untimely passing and I hadn't found myself unemployed at this crucial point in my life when I needed a job more than ever. I tried not to think of Elliott too much outside of work and focused on the good things in my life, on Evelyn and the unborn baby, when I was home. Joyful anticipation of the baby's arrival now vastly outweighed my doubts and fears. With the pregnancy progressing textbook-style and Evelyn so radiantly happy, I dared to look forward to the little one without worrying too much about what could still go wrong. She was fairly round meanwhile with just six weeks to go, and she once said she felt like a penguin when she walked. \"I'm afraid I look the part, too, waddling about like that\", she added with a wry grimace as she critically checked herself in the hall mirror. I stepped close to her and said, \"Doesn't that make us a particularly lovely couple, you waddling and me limping? Walking together, I bet we are quite a sight!\" She laughed, and I wrapped my arms around her from behind, rested my head on top of hers, eyed our reflection in the mirror and added, \"Really, joking aside, you're prettier than ever.\" \"I'm not\", she protested. \"I'm looking like a barrel on legs!\" \"No, you're not.\" \"Yes, I am! Just look at me!\" \"Fine, if you insist, you do look like a barrel. But I never knew barrels could be so cute.\" She elbowed me playfully in the ribs in response, and both of us grinned broadly. Looking down over her shoulder, I placed a hand on her belly, and she covered it with hers and moved it further to the side. \"Keep it there for a minute. The baby's rather active today. Maybe you'll be lucky this time and finally get to feel it.\" And there it was, not much later, a distinct little kick against my palm. \"Oh my God, I've finally felt her! She kicked me! That's … that's amazing, Evelyn – she kicked me! That makes it so … real.\" I tapped my fingers softly on the place where I had just felt my baby's tiny foot. \"Come on, love, give your dad another kick.\" Evelyn laughed at my excitement. \"Better not. Those kicks can actually be rather painful. Oh, and you still seem to be dead sure it's a girl, aren't you?\" I nodded. I didn't know why, but from the first moment on, I had imagined the baby to be a daughter, not a son. \"Have you given the name another thought?\" she asked as we walked outside to sit in the garden. \"Yes. I think we should stick with it. It is a lovely name, and I like that there's no one called the same in either of our families. You know I don't like the idea of naming a baby for another person, much as I loved my parents and my grandparents. I wouldn't want her to grow up the namesake of an Alice or Mary she never knew. I want her to be an independent person, down to her name.\" \"And if it's a boy after all?\" \"Well, certainly not Michael or anything. We're not a royal dynasty or one of those posh families who call it tradition touse one name over and over, so much that they have to attach numbers to it to keep things straight. Any suggestions?\" \"What about Lucas, or Martin?\" \"Mmm … honestly, I don't think so.\" \"Felix?\" \"Um … no.\" \"What about Rufus?\" \" Rufus? You're not serious. Where did that one come from?\" \"It's not that bad, is it?\" I cocked my head and narrowed my eyes and said slowly, \"No, it isn't … if you happen to be a Roman emperor. When he gets a little brother, I'd suggest we go for Julius Caesar.\" \"I see, you're not convinced of my taste in boy's names.\" She chuckled. \"Well, we'll find something else, then. Or, if we don't, we will simply have to hope you're right and it's really a girl.\" I grinned. \"Trust me, it is. A lovely little lady, just like her mother.\" \"Or a cute little boy, just like his dad. Shall we take a little walk?\" I nodded, and she rose and stretched a bit, pressed her fists into the small of her back and groaned, \"Whatever it is, it definitely getting heavy. Good that it won't be too long now.\" \"Right\", I said, leaning forward to wrap my arms around her middle, gently laid my cheek against her belly and kissed the spot where I had felt the baby kicking earlier. \"Can't wait to meet you, little princess\", I murmured softly. ","Summary":" Mick has found a way to somewhat compensate his still-existing wish for a child and begins thinking"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Suffer the Little Children","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9732971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mick makes new friends, some of them very young, and finds he still has a way with children. Written in loving memory of my father who gave me the gift of music and so much love. This one's for you, Dad, and for all the nights you sang me to sleep. The song I chose to go with this story is Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel) by Billy Joel. It reminds me beautifully of my childhood, and it sparked off the initial idea for this story. Goodnight, my angel Time to close your eyes And save these questions for another day I think I know what you've been asking me I think you know what I've been trying to say I promised I would never leave you And you should always know Wherever you may go No matter where you are I never will be far away Goodnight, my angel Now it's time to sleep And still so many things I want to say Remember all the songs you sang for me When we went sailing on an emerald bay And like a boat out on the ocean I'm rocking you to sleep The water's dark and deep Inside this ancient heart You'll always be a part of me Goodnight, my angel Now it's time to dream And dream how wonderful your life will be Someday your child may cry And if you sing this lullaby Then in your heart There will always be a part of me Someday we'll all be gone But lullabies go on and on... They never die That's how you And I Will be February 1948 As I was descending the steep flagstone stairs outside Johnstone's grocery store, carefully minding my steps, a small figure came dashing along the sidewalk at high speed and stopped to wait until I had safely reached street level. \"Good morning, Mister!\" A gap-toothed boy's face grinned up at me. \"Do you remember me?\" \"Why, sure\", I said, earnestly reaching out to shake his hand. \"Good morning, Conrad. Nice to see you again.\" \"And you! Will you tell me about the sharks now?\" he asked, his eyes shining bright. \"Please!\" His father caught up with us at that moment, panting a little. \" There you are! I've been l-looking for you everywhere! Why …\" \"Look, Daddy, I found the shark man!\" the boy cried out proudly. \"Isn't that grand!\" The man appeared a little mortified and unsure of what to say. When he finally spoke, it was in an apologetic tone. \"H-hello again. And s-sorry. I hope Conrad isn't g-getting on your nerves. He w-was so f-f-fascinated with those sharks you m-mentioned when…\" \"Oh, not to worry\", I said. \"They are quite fascinating creatures. Look, Conrad, I've got to go now, I'm urgently expected home with these veggies, but I'll tell you about the sharks another time, okay?\" \"Okay\", Conrad nodded, even though his face fell. I felt a trifle guilty at his disappointment and tried to think of something reassuring to say. \"I'm sure we'll meet again soon. Are you living somewhere around here?\" \"Just down the road\", said the father, pointing. \"I w-wasn't aware that we're neighbours, kind of.\" \"Me neither. What a nice coincidence\", I said and added, \"Sorry, I really gotta go now. See you soon, I hope!\" With a little wave, I set off on my way home, swinging the bag of groceries from my hand as I walked. I really hoped it wouldn't be long until I met the inquisitive kid again who was so refreshingly unafraid to address me. A few days later, Conrad and his dad happened to show up at the bus station when I was waiting for my connection on my way home from work. Again, the boy greeted me joyfully, and his father didn't appear too embarrassed on his behalf this time but said, \"How nice to meet again. And s-sorry that I've never introduced myself p-properly. Joseph Schell.\" \"Mick Carpenter\", I said and shook his hand, exchanging some niceties while Conrad fidgeted excitedly, waiting for his chance to speak up. \"Mr. Carpenter, will you …\" \"You'll have your sharks today\", I said, laughing. \"There's the bus, let's get on.\" Conrad happily installed himself in the free seat next to me and listened, rapt and big-eyed, as I told him about the small and rather harmless species of shark living in the waters off the islands where I had sometimes encountered them when I was out diving. As the bus turned the last corner, Conrad said, \"You know, Mr. Carpenter, it's my ninth birthday next Saturday, and I'm having a party. Can you come, too?\" With a hasty glance at his father, he added, \"It's okay if he comes, isn't it, Dad? You said I could invite whoever I want.\" \"Sure\", his father nodded. \"I'm sure your m-mum won't mind. If Mr. Carpenter wants to come, that is.\" And, to me, sensing my hesitation to intrude on their celebration, \"Really, feel free to drop by. And b-bring your wife, too.\" \"It'll be my pleasure\", I said solemnly. \"Thanks for the invitation, Conrad!\" He bounced off merrily alongside his father with an exuberance that made me smile. \"I just got us invited for a party\", I told Evelyn as I came home. \"A ninth birthday party.\" \"You what?\" She gave me an amused, puzzled look, then laughed as she understood. \"Oh, I see. Your little rock-throwing friend?\" \"Exactly.\" She smiled. \"What's the verdict? Are we going?\" \"I think we are. He was really adamant that I … that we come.\" I grinned wryly. \"Well, I've always wanted to be the guest of honour among a bunch of nine-year-olds.\" \"I'm sure that will make for a nice change.\" She grinned, then frowned thoughtfully. \"We'll need a gift, won't we?\" \"Yup.\" I saw that she was beginning to wonder about the perfect gift for a schoolboy and quickly said, \"Oh, don't you worry. I'll take care of that. I already have an idea.\" She was almost bursting with curiosity as to what I had in mind, but I only said it was something money couldn't buy and otherwise just smiled enigmatically whenever she asked. I wasn't sure if it was actually going to work, and for some odd reason didn't want to let her in on my plan until I had the result I wanted. The following week, I spent virtually every free minute that she wasn't home whittling away at small bits of firewood, casting aside numerous bungled pieces before I was satisfied. In the end, she walked in on me as I was just putting the finishing touches on a three-inch long beechwood shark. A great white, of course, not the innocuous and rather ugly epaulette sharks that had occasionally accompanied me in the Trobriands, weird little creatures that didn't look like sharks at all. I was so absorbed in my work that I didn't hear her approach the garden bench where I sat and only looked up when her shadow fell across my lap and blocked out the light. \"So that's what you're giving him?\" she asked, apparently astonished, and bent forward to take a closer look. \"A shark. Obviously. Can I …\" I shook my head. \"It's not quite finished yet. Just wait a bit.\" I took my time to carve the second eye and sharpen the edges of the tailfin and finally cut a sardonic grin into the little predator's face. \"Now he's complete.\" I held him out to Evelyn on my open palm, and she carefully ran a finger along his back and said, \"You never cease to surprise me, Mister Mick. I had no idea you were such an artist with a carving knife.\" \"Neither had I. Well, I used to be quite good at it when I was a kid, but I hadn't done anything for ages.\" There was something soft and wishful in her eyes that made me ask, \"Want one too?\" \"Sure. Can I watch while you …\" \"No, you can't\", I said firmly. \"Don't be so impatient. Give me an hour, will you? And maybe a beer?\" An hour and two cold beers later, I beckoned her to come over from where she was lying in a deckchair, reading through a stack of journals. I kept my hand closed around the small carving until she had sat down by my side with an expectant look on her face. On a whim, I said, \"Close your eyes.\" \"Huh?\" \"Close your eyes and hold out your hand.\" She did as she was told, although she probably thought I was being rather silly. \"I want to see if you find out what it is without looking at it.\" I placed the little thing in her palm, and she fingered it with her other hand, gently tracing its outline, exploring its shape, thinking for a moment before she exclaimed, \"Of course!\" Her eyes popped open, and she smiled her sunniest smile as she repeated, \"Of course it's a pearl shell. Oh, Mick, that's so beautiful. Yes, this is a gift money can't buy.\" Her fascinated face was just as adorably innocent and childlike as it had been when I had shown her a pearl shell, freshly opened, for the first time, and I loved her as much as I had loved her then, or even more. I pulled her close and kissed her tenderly on the temple, grateful she was with me still. Or rather, again. Conrad had half a dozen friends from school over for his party, and we could hear them long before we turned the corner as they were noisily horsing around on the strip of lawn in front of the Schells' modest home. The birthday boy himself was dangling from the branch of a tree by his knees at the time we arrived and gave an ear-splitting shout when he spied us coming. \"Oooh! Look, there he is! My shark man!\" he cried out as he jumped down and came racing towards us jubilantly, his little horde of young guests in tow, all but flinging himself at me the moment we entered the garden. \"Come and sit with us, Mr. Carpenter, and tell us about the sharks!\" Thus besieged, I had no chance of making it to the table set up beside the house, not even when Evelyn eventually walked over with Mr. and Mrs. Schell, who had both got up to greet us, and joined the small party of adults gathered there, consisting of Conrad's parents, another couple more or less our age, and an elderly lady. To my hosts' apparent horror, I remained sitting on the edge of the front porch almost all afternoon, surrounded by seven eager schoolkids, the plate of birthday cake Mrs. Schell had brought me with a shy apologetic smile largely untouched on my knee and a cup of coffee going tepid beside me. The boys took turns admiring Conrad's wooden shark and kept asking for more details and yet another adventurous story whenever I stopped talking. From where she sat, Mrs. Schell kept casting wary glances into my direction from time to time, rather embarrassed that the children were beleaguering me like that, but I did not mind at all. In fact, I thoroughly enjoyed being around the kids, more than I would have enjoyed sitting at the table with the adult guests, making polite adult conversation. I appreciated their honesty, their curiosity and even their bluntness. They were straightforward, unspoiled and open-minded, often much more so than their grown-up counterparts. It was exhilarating to talk adventure with these boys, who couldn't seem to get enough of my life as a sailor and as a pearl diver and even found my fishing anecdotes exciting. One of them inquired about the war, if I had been a soldier. I said that I had, but it had been a very sad and scary experience, not at all exciting in the adventurous sense, and I didn't like to speak of it. Most of the kids seemed to be aware I was serious about that. Only one of them, a big broad lad called Arthur, said, \"You know what, my brother Arnie, he's been in the war, too, and he got shot in the backside!\" Raucous laughter from half of the boys, and groans and eye-rolling from the other half. \"They stitched him up and he went right back to battle. Now he's got a great big scar on his bum, and a couple of nice medals! Did you get wounded, too, Mister?\" \" Leave him, Arthur\", Conrad hissed before I could say something. \"He said that he didn't want to talk about it, and we all know about your stupid brother and his stupid bullet in the ass! You've told us a million times! Sorry, Mr. Carpenter\", he said, turning to me and lowering his voice, \"sometimes Arthur's simply … dumb.\" He glared at his guest, and one of them gave Arthur an angry shove. \"Boys, come on, no fighting please\", I said. Arthur's lip had begun to tremble suspiciously, and I quickly added, \"To answer your question, Arthur: yes, I got wounded in the thigh.\" I could see the twitch around Conrad's mouth and subtly shook my head. I didn't want him to blurt out that there wasn't much left of said thigh. Still, he began, \"And that's why he's got a …\" \"… a bad leg and a bit of a limp\", I said in a tone that would hopefully make quite clear this was the last word I was going to say about the war. And I hoped to God my sock was well pulled up to cover what it was supposed to cover and my trouser leg wouldn't hike up. I had no desire to be the greatest attraction of the party because I really and truly had an artificial leg, something I guessed most of the kids had only ever heard or read of in pirate stories and the like. Detecting a movement from the corner of my eye, I turned my head and looked across the lawn. Conrad's little brother came waddling over the grass on plump bare legs, a crumbling biscuit in his hand. Halfway across the lawn, he slipped, flopping down hard on his well-rounded backside. I expected him to cry, but he scrambled back on his feet without flinching and continued towards his brother, beaming. Conrad was not amused. \" Henry!\" he groaned, exasperated. \"What are you doing here? Go back to Mom and Dad!\" Henry, unfazed, clung to his big brother's leg, dropping the biscuit in the process, and held on tightly as Conrad looked about, visibly ashamed of being subjected to such a childish show of affection in front of his buddies. On an impulse, I held my arms out to the little one who by some strange coincidence bore my father's name, and after he had given me the once-over with his head cocked to one side, he apparently decided I was trustworthy, grinned and clambered into my lap. I shifted him gently to sit on my good leg, loosely wrapped my arm around his middle and let him examine my wristwatch as I continued with yet another sailor's tale for the older boys. \"D-Don't you want to try out your new football at all, Conrad?\" another voice chimed in after a while. Joseph Schell was emerging from the shadow of the large tree in the middle of the lawn and laid a cautious hand on his son's shoulder. \"M-Mr. Carpenter could use a break from all your curious questions, I suppose. G-go play behind the house for a while. There's f-fresh l-lemonade for everyone, too.\" \"Awww, but Daddy …\" \"No buts, Conrad. It was very nice of Mr. Carpenter to t-talk to you for so long, but now I would l-like to have a word with him.\" He winked at the cluster of boys still seated at my feet. \"Oh, I forgot to t-tell you something. I think C-Conrad's mum said there might be s-some ice cream, too. Who wants to go see if I'm right?\" Cheering and howling, the kids took off, and Mr. Schell sat down next to me. \"Thanks for entertaining the boys, Mr. Carpenter\", he said. \"You're quite a f-fine storyteller to keep them l-listening for so long. Usually all of them g-get ants in their pants after five minutes of sitting still.\" \"Give them some sharks and ships and storms and they're happy, as it seems\", I said, carefully extracting my finger from Henry's firm grip, trying not to wake him in the process. At some point during my stories, he had slumped against my chest and fallen asleep, still clutching my hand. His father looked at him with an affectionate expression on his face and smiled. \"Someone's knackered there. He's been running all over the place all day long. Shall I take him off you, Mr. Carpenter? He's grown quite heavy lately.\" \"No, I'm fine\", I said, meaning it. The weight of the child in my arms, his little head of soft brown hair against my chest and his dangling sleep-heavy limbs gave me a peculiar warm feeling, and for a split second, I wondered wistfully if I'd ever hold a child of my own. \"Really, leave him where he is. And please do me a favour and just call me Mick.\" \"I'm Joseph, then.\" I nodded and stroked Henry's smooth round cheek, still feeling that odd kind of tenderness. \"That's two fine lads you've got, Joseph\", I said. \"Yes, they are g-great kids, even if I say so myself.\" Joseph laughed. \"Funny how Henry ran straight to you. He's usually rather c-cautious around strangers. Conrad, well, he'd talk the ear off anyone who would l-listen. I s-sometimes even think he's a little too outgoing. Henry's very d-different, usually. I've n-never seen him s-so drawn to anyone who's not f-family. S-somehow you hit it off with him.\" Henry began to move until he was in a half sitting positing, facing up, and his big blue eyes opened to eye me, curious but unafraid. I smiled at him, and his face split into a charming grin once more before he wriggled off my lap and scampered away, presumably in pursuit of Conrad and his pals. I watched him disappear around the corner of the house, again with this funny feeling in my heart. \"You d-don't have children, do you?\" Joseph's voice interrupted my thoughts before I could put a name to the strange sensation that intensified upon hearing his question. I shook my head slowly, silently. We had never actually made a concrete decision about starting a family, but there was a kind of unspoken understanding that there would be no kids in all likelihood. Evelyn was quite tied up in her job and happy with her teaching and writing, and on the other hand there was my disability to consider which made a whole lot of things I would want do for or with a child quite difficult or entirely impossible. Joseph refrained from any comment and tactfully changed the subject. \"I h-heard what you t-told the boys w-when they a-asked you about the … the war. M-my thoughts exactly, after my own experience in the army. I r-really wish m-more people would tell them the t-truth like that and not m-make it sound like s-some b-b-big exciting adventure. I'm s-so afraid m-my boys will h-have to g-g-go to war s-some day, and I d-d-don't want them t-to think it's a g-g-good or easy thing to do\", he said with great emphasis, his hands clenching into fists angrily every time his stutter hampered his speech. I wondered briefly if he had already suffered from that impediment before he went to war. \"I couldn't have played the subject down in good conscience, not with this\", I said, nodding at my leg. \"From the way some people talk about it, going to war sounds hardly more dangerous than playing Cowboys and Indians in the schoolyard, with a few funny stories to tell afterwards and some shiny medals to show off with. That's not what I wanted the kids to think. They don't need to know the gory details at their age, but they are old enough to understand that war isn't a game.\" Two of Conrad's friends were chasing each other across the garden, whooping loudly. My throat constricted as I watched their carefree exuberance and realized that some of the boys I had seen getting wounded or killed hadn't even been a decade older than these insouciant kids were. I swallowed hard and said as an afterthought, \"I certainly wouldn't want my son to go either.\" If I had a son, I added silently. Before we could go on with our somewhat somber exchange, Conrad appeared, dragging along his little brother, who was bleeding from a grazed knee and crying wretchedly, and deposited him unceremoniously at his father's feet, stating laconically, \"He fell. Again.\" Joseph excused himself to take care of the child – \"M-My wife can't stand the sight of blood, so I'll have to d-do that\" – and I was alone with my thoughts for a moment, absently sipping my cold coffee. I hoped we'd get to continue talking later. I found liked this Joseph Schell a lot, and not only because he seemed to share my view that war was a dirty, ugly, senseless business, nothing heroic and patriotic, nothing to be proud of. And I found I loved to be with both of his kids. Their antics, their lively characters and even their little worries and needs struck a chord within me, and the way their father cared. Yet I was sure it would be better to stick with the silent agreement Evelyn and I had. What good was a father with a leg missing and his mind forever screwed up by the war, so much that he freaked out when he got hit with a harmless pebble? I'd only end up screwing up my kid's life, too, because I couldn't rid myself of the shadows of the past. Bad enough that Evelyn was forced to endure my recurring episodes of abject depression or physical pain. Maybe playing uncle to the young Schells would take away the sting for a while, I thought and smiled at Conrad who was approaching me. I set the half-emptied cup aside as he drew near, dirt all over him, his knees bright green from skidding over the grass. He had just seen off his crowd of little guests and was beaming at me. I got up stiffly, grateful to walk a few steps and stretch my cramped legs, and said, \"So the party's over? Thanks again for inviting us, my friend. I think we'll be off then, too.\" \"Nooo, please stay a bit longer! Mum wanted everyone to leave at six, but of course that was just about the kids . Granny and Uncle Fred and Aunt Cecilia are still there after all. You know, I think Mum doesn't like children's parties much. All the work, and all the noise, and too many kids around.\" He rolled his eyes. \"Me, I love parties. And today's was the best one ever.\" \"You think so?\" I asked with genuine interest. \"But of course!\" he exclaimed. \"And you know why?\" He paused expectantly and, when I didn't answer, cried out, \"Because of you.\" As if it was the most self-evident thing in the world. \"Oh, Conrad\", I said weakly and gave his shoulder a quick affectionate squeeze, trying not to show too much emotion. \"Are you okay? You have such a funny look on your face.\" \"I'm fine, no worries. Just a … a little tired. You know, there were some kids who made me tell an awful lot of stories.\" Conrad grinned at me without a trace of remorse and said in the knowing tone of an experienced grown-up, \"You think a nice cold beer will put things right?\" I couldn't help laughing and gladly let him take my hand and lead me over to the table.[Chapter 2] May 1948 \"Hello, handsome.\" Her voice and a kiss on the forehead woke me from a dazed slumber and made me realize that I had actually dozed off in the armchair, lulled by the warmth of the fire. I shook myself, a little embarrassed, and smiled up at her wearily. \"Oh, hello, Professor. How was your day?\" \"Long, mainly\", she replied and loosed the green paisley scarf she had tied around her hair, stuffing it carelessly into the pocket of her rain-spattered coat. \"And cold!\" She unbuttoned the coat and had already shrugged out of one sleeve when she stopped in her tracks and took a closer look first at me, then at the floor beside me. Count on her to find the fault in the picture in under a minute. \"Anything wrong?\" she asked, nodding at the crutches lying next to my chair. \"The leg's been a bitch ever since I got out of bed this morning\", I replied, massaging it gently. \"It's one of these days again.\" From time to time, it gave me hell when the weather changed, often so much that I temporarily preferred to go without the prosthetic leg and put up with the limitations associated with the crutches. \"No wonder, what with that dreadful weather. You know what, I'll fix us a bite to eat, we'll eat in peace and quiet and then simply turn in early. How does that sound?\" \"Absolutely perfect\", I said. I meant it, but couldn't help observing with a certain sarcasm how dramatically my concept of perfection had altered since I had more or less got used to a life minus one leg. Evelyn left the room to change out of her brown wool suit, and I leaned back, gazing into the fire, thinking of nothing at all, just watching the flames flicker and twist. The shrill ringing of the telephone disturbed the peace, startling me. Had I been alone, I'd have chosen to simply ignore it, but I heard Evelyn hurry into the hall to pick up the receiver. \"Hello? Who's this?\" … \"Oh, it's you. Sorry, I didn't …\" … \"What? Oh dear. How awful.\" … \"Yes, of course. Be there in a minute.\" … \"I should think Mick will take care of that..\" … \"No, he certainly won't mind. We'll be right over.\" There went my prospect of a quiet restful evening and of calming down my troublesome leg, I felt. Evelyn came in, looking worried, and proved me right. \"Bad news, I'm afraid. That was Emma Schell on the phone. Conrad has fallen very ill suddenly, appendicitis or something. Emma's really beside herself, and Joseph is away on business. I've promised to drive them to the hospital because Emma's got no licence. And, uh … do you think you can come along and look after Henry a bit? It would be awkward if we had to take him with us.\" \"Sure.\" I pushed myself up from the chair, suppressing a sigh, and gathered up the crutches. \"Just let me get the leg and put on a coat. Hope poor Conrad's not too bad.\" I was somewhat surprised that Emma Schell had phoned us for help. While a strong friendship had evolved between Joseph and myself and we saw each other regularly for a drink or two and a good long chat, Emma had always remained distant and a trifle wary, talking little, just watching me with her dark disturbing eyes. I had never had the impression that she particularly liked or trusted me, and she hadn't seemed to take a great liking to Evelyn either on the few occasions they had met. But then, we were living so close to their home that ringing us was the most sensible option short of calling an ambulance. We were on our way within less than five minutes and found Emma waiting by the door, on the verge of tears. She led us into Conrad's room. He was in bed, doubled over under the covers, his face contorted pitifully. He hardly noticed me when I touched his cheek, there was only the faintest flicker of recognition in his eyes. I stepped aside with a lump in my throat, sitting down on the chair in the opposite corner of the room to take the weight off my smarting leg, and watched Emma bend over her son, patting his cheek to rouse him from apathy. \"Conrad, I'm sorry, but you'll have to get up\", she told him in an authoritative tone that couldn't entirely mask her fears. \"We have to take you to the hospital. Evelyn's driving us, but you'll have to walk to the car. Can you do that?\" He gave a tiny brave nod and tried to obey, but failed. \"No, Mummy\", he said in a miserable, small voice. \"I can't. It hurts too much.\" \"Conrad, please … give it another try, will you? You're way too big and too heavy for us to carry you.\" The boy gritted his teeth and struggled once more to sit up. \"I can't\", he wailed with tears in his eyes. \"Please, Mum …\" Emma shook her head desperately. \"Conrad, I can't help it, you have to …\" \"Let me do that\", I said on an impulse and rose clumsily, wincing as my leg flared up. Emma pierced me with one of her questioning looks. I knew what she was thinking. I bit back a harsh answer and just gave her a reassuring nod. Yes, I might be crippled, but carrying a skinny nine-year-old down the corridor still wasn't out of my scope. \"Come on, mate. Let's get you out of here.\" I picked Conrad up carefully, and he held on to my neck weakly, uttering a small tormented whimper. His limp body and our slow, halting progress, hampered by my useless leg, gave me an eerie sense of déjà vu, a vivid recollection of another boy, not much bigger than Conrad, slack in my arms, pained and frightened. I tried not to think of Richard and what had happened when I had wanted to carry him to safety, tried to concentrate on the task at hand, but I couldn't shake a subliminal feeling of danger that made my pulse quicken and my senses go on alert. Evelyn had opened the front door, and the cold bracing night air rushed in, dispelling the memory, bringing reality back. There was nothing to fear. This time I would accomplish my mission. It was only through the corridor and into the street, not a mile through enemy-infested jungle. With Evelyn's help, I got Conrad into the back seat of the car and covered him with a blanket. Emma had been at my heels, and was already in the passenger seat, about to close the door, when I realized I hadn't seen Henry anywhere. A string of questions suddenly raced through my mind, and I shouted, \"Emma, wait a minute … where's the little one?\" \"Asleep, in my bed. I didn't want him in the kids' bedroom with Conrad so poorly.\" \"Fine, but what … oh well …\" My words trailed off unheard as she slammed the door shut mid-sentence and gestured for Evelyn to get going, which she did, pulling away from the curb at considerable speed. I stood and watched the car turn the corner, supporting myself heavily on a fencepost. My leg was ablaze, and I cursed myself for not having thought to bring the cane. Trying to put as little weight on the leg as I could, I slowly made my way back inside to look for my young charge, hesitating in the corridor. It didn't feel right to enter Joseph and Emma's bedroom, intruding on their privacy, but if I was to play the babysitter tonight, I needed to check on Henry and make sure he was alright. Quietly, I pushed open the door that Emma had left ajar and was surprised to find the boy not in bed but half inside the wardrobe, fully engrossed in pulling down his father's ties from their rack one by one. I thanked my lucky stars that he had not strangled himself with one of them or got himself trapped inside the large cupboard. \"Hey, Henry\", I said in a low voice, leaning against the door frame to take the strain off my leg. \"Taking stock of Daddy's wardrobe?\" He whirled round to face me, somewhat puzzled at first, then, as he recognized me, broke into a beguiling smile. \"Oooh, Mick!\" he cried out and left his colourful assortment of ties to throw his arms around my good leg, as he had taken to doing every time he saw me. Holding on to the doorjamb with one hand to keep my balance, I hugged him tightly to my side and ruffled his hair, marveling at how the kid, caught up in his own small world, managed to stay completely unaware of his brother's ordeal and his mother's sorrow. I decided not to tell him that Mummy wasn't home unless he asked. Ignorance is bliss, as they say. I let him run free around the place for a while to keep him occupied, sincerely hoping he wouldn't fall and hurt himself. Of course, he was quick to realize that Mummy and Daddy and Conrad weren't there and wanted to know where they had gone off to, but at least he didn't get tearful. \"Daddy's making a little journey, and Conrad got sick, so Mummy and Evelyn have gone to take him to the doctor's\", I explained. \"They'll be back very soon. Until then, it's just the two of us. Shall we play a bit?\" He nodded eagerly, not seeming all too bothered by his family's absence. I let him drag me into the boys' bedroom, where he proudly showed me his toys, and helped him carry two boxes of building blocks into the living room. He plonked himself down in the middle of the carpet, emptied out the first box with a tremendous crash and said, \"Come, Mick. Sit here.\" \"Good heavens, Henry … don't make an old crippled man sit on the floor. I'll never get up again if I do.\" I went searching for something suitable to perch on and found a low footstool in the kitchen. The position was still rather uncomfortable, but if I stretched out my leg to one side, it was halfway bearable as long as Henry didn't bump into it, which happened a couple of times in the heat of the moment. Apart from that, I found it quite enjoyable to engage in some simple child's play. The last time I had done something similar must have been back in Missouri with my sisters, almost twenty years ago. Henry and I spent well over an hour constructing a whole little village from his colorful bricks. I was surprised just how much time had passed when I glanced at my watch. It was half past eight already, and I wondered if I ought to put him to bed soon. Henry had other priorities. He crowned his last house with a red triangular block and declared matter-of-factly that he was hungry. God . I hadn't even thought of that. The trouble with my leg and the agitation about Conrad's illness had left me without much appetite myself, and Emma had been too preoccupied with her eldest to give me any clear instructions. A fine babysitter, I was. \"Sure you are\", I said, trying to hide my embarrassment. \"Let me see what we've got, and we'll have a nice little boys' dinner before I tuck you into bed.\" I went into the kitchen, again feeling like an unbidden intruder when I inspected various cupboards and the refrigerator to find all I needed to make some sandwiches. Henry happily ate his supper and obediently went to put on his pajamas and brush his teeth, but when I wanted him to crawl into bed, he protested and remained sitting on the edge of the mattress. \"I want Mummy now\", he said dolefully and shed some tears after all. \"Mummy's still with Conrad\", I said, sat down next to him and put my arm around his shoulder. \"Don't you cry, pal. She'll be home soon. She'll be there when you wake up.\" \"Promise?\" \"Promise.\" Thus reassured, he finally lay down, pulled the covers up to his chin and squeezed his eyes shut. I didn't leave my post, not wanting him to be alone until he had gone to sleep. I waited until he was breathing very regularly, then I rose and sneaked out quietly to return into the living room and rest my aching leg at long last. I had just taken off my shoes and stretched out on the sofa with a book from the Schells' well-equipped bookcase when the door opened. \"Mick?\" a small voice said just behind my head. I jerked around. Henry was peering up at me, somewhat accusingly, a worn teddy bear dangling upside down from his hand. \"Yes?\" I swung my legs from the sofa and sat up to face him. \"I can't sleep.\" \"Just give it another try, mate. It's late enough.\" \"But Conrad's not there. I can't sleep when I'm alone.\" \"You're not alone. I'll come and stay right there with you until your mummy comes back.\" \"Promise?\" \"Promise.\" He seemed to ponder my answer, cocked his head to one side in that cute way he had and inquired with a melting look from huge blue eyes, \"Can't I stay here with you? Please. \" I didn't think Emma would approve, but she wasn't here after all, and the last I wanted was to be stuck with a distraught little boy, so I said firmly, \"Yes. If you promise you'll be good and sleep.\" He assumed his thinking pose again and nodded slowly. \"Okay. But you have to sing me a song.\" With that, he clambered onto the sofa beside me. \"Me? Sing? Give me a break, mate. I'll read you a story, okay?\" \"No!\" \"Two stories?\" I offered, fished for the folded blanket draped over the side of the next armchair and wrapped it around him. \"Or as many as it takes until you're asleep?\" \"No, you must sing!\" \"I haven't been singing for God knows how long, Henry\", I muttered, pulling a plush ottoman closer to put up my leg. Unperturbed, he insisted, \"Sing!\" \"Okay, okay, I'll sing. In a minute.\" I raised my palms in surrender and tried to think of something other than the unsuitably bloody murder ballads and the raucous sea shanties that came to my mind. Dirty drinking songs wouldn't do either, I guessed. Heavens, there had to be some song I knew with nice, harmless lyrics and a tune that wouldn't be beyond my meagre talent. Henry squealed eagerly \"Sing, Mick! Sing!\" while I kept racking my brains in vain. And suddenly, there it was, an image from way down the years. Another man, another child. The roles reversed. My father's familiar figure at my bedside, a warm rough voice, a hand smoothing an unruly lock of hair from my face, and the bittersweet tune that lulled me into sleep every night. I cleared my throat and began to sing, if you can call it that, in a low tentative voice. \" Speed, bonny boat, like a bird on the wing Onward, the sailors cry Carry the lad that's born to be king Over the sea to Skye …\" Henry, who had lain down with his head in my lap, his teddy bear in the crook of his arm, smiled and pressed his face into my sweater while I gently stroked the soft skin at the back of his neck. Before I had finished the second verse, he had slipped away into the realm of dreams with my stomach for a pillow. A small foot had slid out from under the blanket, and I tucked it back in so he wouldn't get cold. I looked down on him with a feeling of tenderness and love and something else, a twinge of longing deep within. There was something infinitely endearing about the sleeping child. Warm affection flooded me and made me want to cuddle him to bits. I resisted the urge but put my arms around him loosely, immensely touched by his peaceful face and the trustful way he had accepted that his mother was away and I was looking after him for the time being. Once more the unbidden question rose in my mind. Would I ever enjoy this closeness with a child of my own flesh and blood? Maybe it was just a whim of the moment that I felt I wanted to be a father after all. There were plenty of arguments against it – our age, Evelyn's love for her profession and the fact that she still was the main breadwinner, her dislike of all things housewifey. And my disability with all its ramifications. I had no idea how my health was going to shape up in five, or ten, or fifteen years. What if my current bad spell was not just a short passing episode but the beginning of a downward spiral, my mobility decreasing rapidly as I grew older? What if I'd be unable to do much more than sing lullabies and read bedtime stories, unable to do as much as carry a fussy baby around or to take a walk with an older child? I certainly didn't want my children to be constantly required to make allowance for their father's physical limitations. Things were certainly better the way they were. I glanced down at Henry's flushed cheeks and tousled hair and suddenly realized with a fierce stab of regret that I might well have a family now if things had taken a different turn. The child Rosie had not wanted to have would be fourteen years old now – well advanced on the way to adulthood, getting into fierce arguments with us about outfits or school grades or pocket money, maybe experiencing first love. At the time, I had been devastated to hear that she had gone to see an abortionist, but as my grief subsided, I had told myself there was still plenty of time, that I would have a family one fine day. I would surely have started a family with Nell, if I had not made the fatal decision to leave her for half a year, long enough for things to change so terribly and irreversibly. I had been afraid I might get her pregnant the one and only time we had made love, but perhaps this momentary calamity would have saved us the tragic end our romance had come to. I would have returned to France quickly and stayed there with her. We would have got married. I would not have gone to war. I would still have both legs, and a family, too, I thought ruefully. Henry chose this very moment to stir and mumble something dozy that sounded like \"Daddy?\" My throat constricted for a second before I whispered, \"It's only me, Henry. Go back to sleep.\" He blinked at me drowsily, closed his eyes and murmured, \"Sing.\" I smiled wryly and intoned the Skye Boat Song once more, focusing on the words and the melody and the little figure in my arms instead of old sorrow and regrets. It was after ten o'clock when I parked the car at the curb outside the Schells' house and let myself in with the key Emma had given me. She had wanted me to leave her alone at the hospital, had said she wanted to wait until Conrad's appendectomy was done, to see for herself that things had gone according to plan and he was alright. I had reluctantly agreed and promised to be back around midnight. It had not felt right to abandon her in the dreary hospital corridor, but she had insisted that I go, so I had left. Maybe she was one of those people who preferred to deal with their worries on their own, to shed their tears without anyone looking on, and found my presence more disturbing than reassuring. I tiptoed down the hall as not to wake Henry who was hopefully asleep by now and permitted Mick to get some much-needed rest. He had looked rather exhausted already when I came home, and he had been walking very badly when we set out to help Emma in her misery. The living-room door was not quite closed. A thin strip of light was visible through the crack, and I was surprised when thought I heard a low voice sing. Mick didn't listen to music a lot any more, and I certainly didn't think he'd have switched on the radio in a foreign home. Maybe I had just imagined it. I opened the door without making a sound and remained frozen in the doorway, utterly moved by what I saw, and heard. I had not been mistaken. There was Mick on the sofa, unaware of my presence, bathed in the golden glow of a table lamp. His pose was weary, slumped into the thick cushions, his bad leg resting on an overstuffed footstool. He was looking older than his years tonight, his face worn and marked by the pain that had plagued him all day, his hair messy and curling wildly over the collar of his heavy blue knit sweater and around the ears, but he appeared more relaxed than before, and all focused on Henry. Henry who lay cradled safely in his arms, snuggled against his chest, sleeping while Mick softly sang to him in a slightly hoarse voice, a simple melody that gently rose and fell and touched me deeply, as much as the sight of the two of them did. It was unusual for me to feel this way. I was not by nature a motherly person. There were some kids I liked quite well, there were some I utterly detested, but usually I didn't much care about children one way or the other. I had never been one of those girls who pounced on every toddler they encountered and endlessly fussed about them, and I had never felt a great desire to have children myself. Mick had never expressed any wish to start a family either. We had never even discussed the subject, and I, for my part, didn't feel any need to. Yet the peaceful image Mick and Henry presented struck a hidden chord within me, and suddenly there was a picture in my mind of Mick bending over his own sleeping baby with this sweet affectionate expression that softened his features now. Where on earth had that vision come from? I shook it off and stepped into the room, whispering a greeting when there was a pause in Mick's song. He looked up at me and smiled wordlessly in response. The second I sat down next to him and kicked off my pinching shoes, I realized how exhausted I was. I didn't even want to talk. \"How's Conrad?\" Mick asked quietly after a little while, a hint of worry in his eyes. \"He was still in the OR when I left, but they said it's a routine procedure and he'll be fine in no time.\" \"Good. Thank God.\" He relaxed perceptibly. I moved closer to him, drew up my legs and rested my head against his, watching him tug the blanket that had slipped off Henry's shoulder back into place with so much care that I felt once more strangely emotional. Cautiously, I extended a hand and ran it gently down the boy's back. He shifted a bit and I withdrew, afraid I had woken him up, but he kept sleeping soundly. I ventured to stroke his cheek, marveling at the softness of his skin, his cute little nose and his lovely long eyelashes, and found myself wondering if a child of ours would have Mick's green-golden eyes or my red hair or the strong temper both of us had. This time, I didn't push the thought away. ","Summary":" Mick makes new friends, some of them very young, and finds he still has a way with children. Writte"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Step By Step","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9548597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not much comment on this one - just a glimpse of Mick as he tries to conquer the challenges of returning into a life as normal as possible and keeps wondering about his professional future, just like the questions posed in the song I've chosen as a soundtrack. Johnny Cash - Can't Help But Wonder Where I'm Bound It's a long and a dusty road, a hot and heavy load And the folks that I meet ain't always kind Some are bad, some are good, some have done the best they could And some have tried to ease my troubled mind And I can't help but wonder where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound I've been wandering through this land just doing the best I can Trying to find what I was meant to do And the people that I see look as worried as can be And it looks like they are wondering too And I can't help but wonder where I'm bound, where I'm bound Can't help but wonder where I'm bound July - September 1946 The ball smacked into the wall and bounced back with a hollow sound. My third miss in a row. A rude curse was on the tip of my tongue, but I bit it back so Helen wouldn't chew me out again for my sailor's mouth. When she lobbed the ball at me once more, I was prepared and flicked it right back at her at a tricky angle. She made an adventurous lunge for it to keep it from smacking into the door, which was already decorated with some dark smudges from similar accidents, and threw me a killer glare. \"Do you think that's funny or what? I'm not the one who's supposed to get some exercise here!\" I only grinned. I actually did think it was very funny to have duped my formidable therapist for once, a little bit of satisfaction for all the hours of grueling training I had put in under her merciless eyes. Her methods rivaled those of the worst drill sergeants I'd seen in the army, but there was no denying that she had whipped me into quite good shape on the new leg. It had been – and still was – a very demanding undertaking to walk on two legs again. This basic staple of a normal life, which comes so naturally to you that you never even think about it, was pretty strenuous now that one of those legs was mostly made up of plastic and steel, even if I was a lot fitter now than I had been back at the hospital. Most of all, it was hard on my right hip. When you're short of a knee joint, it's your hip that has to do all the work, which is exactly as taxing as it sounds. After my first sessions with Helen, the bit of leg that was still flesh and bone had ached so fiercely that I had been rather hard pressed to believe I would ever be as nimble on my disparate feet as Dr. Baker had promised I would. Although I remembered that it had taken a long time to adapt when I had first tried using an artificial leg, and I guessed the lengthy break after the additional surgery hadn't helped matters either, I'd had some serious doubts that I would really make it work. Two months into the training, wearing the leg for a longer period of time wasn't a big issue any more, and I had overcome the balance problems I'd had in the beginning. Only when I started training with the prosthetic leg had I realized just how well I had got used to my body's changed center of balance meanwhile. The first time I tried standing on two legs without support, I'd almost fallen over sideways because I had automatically leaned to the left to compensate the missing limb. I could do a lot better than that now, at least in the protective environment of the rehab facility. I had not yet dared to go without the crutches outside the training room, but at the end of today's session, Helen told me to stop being a coward, to finally take the plunge and go home with only a cane to lean on. Judging from the steely look in her eyes, she wasn't going to take another no for an answer, and, knowing I wouldn't have to take the bus home because Evelyn would be coming round in the car she'd recently bought with the proceeds of her book, I nodded obediently. When I left the room, she was already there, sitting in one of the shabby chairs lined up in the corridor, leafing through her notebook, only looking up as the door snapped shut behind me. Her eyes grew large and lit up with surprise when she became aware of my new accomplishment. With a somewhat sheepish grin, I made my way over to her, a small surge of pride rising in me. It was slow, it was pretty awkward, and it certainly was a far cry from smooth or even elegant, but if I went out into the street now, nobody would immediately recognize me for the cripple I was. A casual onlooker would see the cane and the limp and probably assume the cane was just a temporary aid, the limp the result of some silly little accident or, in these post-war times, that both was due to a shot-up knee at the worst. I could live with that, a lot better than with those curious stares and pitifully kind smiles. Evelyn's eyes were glittering with happy tears when I stopped in front of her, and I asked jokingly, \"Does it look so dreadful that it makes you cry?\" She shook her head and smiled, a big genuine smile. \"You're impossible, Mick.\" She laughed and sniffled and wiped at her eyes. \"It doesn't look dreadful at all. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.\" I brushed her words aside with some ironic remark, but it gave me a warm shiver of joy to walk down the corridor with her, one hand free to hold hers, just the way perfectly normal lovers do. The prospect of little bits of normalcy returning to my life was what kept me going when Helen challenged me again and again to take things a trifle further than the last time around, when I wanted to strangle her for torturing me like that, when the muscles in my hip screamed with soreness or I lost my balance for the umpteenth time, toppling to the floor or banging into the parallel bars we used in my gait training. If I carried on doggedly in spite of all the little crises and setbacks, it was as much for Evelyn's sake as for my own. Often enough, I couldn't see much progress and got close to contenting myself with the less than satisfying status quo, but then, I couldn't just give up when she was so incredibly supportive, celebrating every little hurdle I mastered, encouraging me when my doubts got the upper hand. Right after my first visit with Dr. Baker, she had been to some antiques shop downtown and found an ornate mahogany walking cane with, of all things, a stylized seahorse carved into the handle. \"I don't care how long it takes you to get there, but one day I want to see you use this instead of those unwieldy things\", she had said, nodding at the crutches. The seahorse indeed became my faithful companion as my skills with the new leg improved and I grew more confident using it even outside my familiar home ground, going for little walks or taking a bus or train to the beach or into town while Evelyn was at work. Once, I even sat in on one of her lectures at the university, as she had invited me to do whenever I felt like it. I didn't understand all the scientific details and theories she was talking about, but I was highly impressed by her confidence in front of her large audience and the calm authority she exuded. The students seemed to appreciate and like her, flocking to the desk after the lesson to ask questions or discuss certain aspects of the subject matter. I knew she had noticed me, she had given me a tiny wink as she entered the room, but I didn't want to attract anyone's attention further than that and left without speaking to her. When I wasn't out and about or at the rehab center, I tried to fill my days with additional exercise – I had begun working out with weights and even devised a way of doing push-ups one-legged without keeling over – and started to brush up my knowledge of various things that might come in handy for my job search. I had begun to put out feelers in all kinds of directions and applied for a few jobs that didn't sound terribly exciting but at least would not mean gathering dust in some dull office, and I had even had a couple of interviews so far I didn't actually mind too much when the personnel manager of the print shop phoned to say they had found someone with more experience to fill in the vacant position. Typesetting would not have been the career of my dreams anyway. Later the same day, the owner of the boating-supply store near Cronulla Beach had been very sorry to inform me that they had decided on another candidate. This in turn really dragged me down. I had hoped I'd get to work at the small shop close to the sea, handling material I was familiar with, serving customers who loved the same things that I loved. Getting rejected twice in one day made me feel useless and unwanted again and had me wondering if I'd ever manage to find acceptable work. I was determined to make it somehow, but what good did all the determination in the world do if nobody gave me a chance to prove to myself and to the world that I was still a valuable person despite my disability? To dispel the negativity, I went into what had become my room for a particularly exhausting workout. An hour later, I was out of breath, sweating profusely, but my mood hadn't improved much. After a quick shower (or what passed for quick these days), I went out to take a walk, marching on and on with my fake leg until it seemed about to burst into flames any second and the pain drowned out my morose musings. I treated myself to a taxi home, where I arrived long after Evelyn had come back from work. By the time I showed up, she was seriously worried. \"I needed to get out\", was all I said by way of explanation, and I must have given her quite a forbidding look, for she did not ask the questions she clearly had on the tip of her tongue. Over supper, we spoke only of trivial things. I mainly let her talk about her workday, interjecting the occasional yes or no, and finally got up, saying I would hit the sack early tonight. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I changed into my pajamas and then leaned back against the headboard with a groan. I was feeling utterly spent, and the leg hurt something awful. I closed my eyes and rubbed the bridge of my nose, disappointed and angry with myself and my failure to get a job and the limitations to my activity. My smarting leg and strained hip were clearly telling me I had overdone the exercise quite a bit. Coming home, I had barely made it up the stairs to the second-floor apartment. A long walk and two flights of stairs had taken me to the limits of my physical abilities. How pathetic. Not much more than a year ago, I had marched through the sweltering jungle for days on end, carrying my pack and rifle and tons of other equipment, with hardly any food or sleep to keep me going. The door opened, and Evelyn came into the bedroom in a cream-coloured cotton shift, her copper curls tumbling unrestrained down her back. \"Now what's the matter, Mick?\" she asked as she climbed into bed to sit next to me. \"Got turned down\", I said. \"Remember the print shop?\" \"Oh well. Wasn't that the one you didn't really want at all?\" I gave her a tired smile. \"Too true, but I guess it'd have been better than nothing at all. Especially when I won't get the job I wanted either. The boating shop called, too.\" \"Damn. That's really too bad.\" I shrugged and pretended to take it in my stride. \"Guess it would have been too good to be true.\" I slid down on the bed, stretching out to relax my legs, massaging my cramped hip. \"What's with your hip?\" she asked immediately. You really couldn't keep anything from that woman. \"Hurts\", I said laconically. \"Why? Something wrong with the new leg? Isn't it fitting properly? You know Helen said that might happen when the …\" \"I guess I shouldn't have tried to exercise and walk five miles in one afternoon\", I cut in. \"I should have known that was a bad idea for a cripple like me.\" \"Mick - just how far did you walk?\" she asked in a severe tone. \"From here to Harbour Bridge?\" \"Almost\", I confessed. \"No, don't say anything, please. I feel like crap anyway. I'm totally busted. You know, walking like that takes a lot more strength than you might think.\" I groaned as I kneaded a particularly tense spot in my hip. \"I wonder if I shouldn't be doing a lot better by now. Maybe I am one of Dr. Stiles's seventy-five per cent after all.\" She laid a hand on my shoulder and said, \"Don't say that just yet, Mick. It's only been a short while since you began at all. Give yourself some time. What did you expect, strap on the new leg and go run a marathon?\" I winced, both at the absurd idea of me running a marathon and at the pain flaring up forcefully. Involuntarily, my hand went to my thigh. Evelyn was sure to detect the movement at once. \"Does it hurt so badly?\" she asked. \"More than you think it should? Maybe there's really something up with the leg and you should have someone look at it?\" I shrugged. \"Don't think so. I guess fake legs are a bit like new shoes. Takes a while until they don't pinch and chafe any more, and you shouldn't wear them too long at a time. Only trouble is, with shoes, you can always put on another pair or go barefoot. The choice I have is between the pain and the crutches. Or not to walk more than a mile without a break. Fantastic.\" I bared my teeth in a sarcastic imitation of a smile. \"Oh, Mick, don't be so defeatist\", she sighed. \"You're not giving up on it, are you?\" I shrugged again. \"Please don't. It's not like you. You still want to prove that idiot Stiles wrong, don't you?\" There she was again, appealing to my pride in order to awaken the spirit of rebellious defiance she knew I had. This was exactly how she had got me to go see another specialist at all. \"Sure I do\", I said, adding somewhat grumpily, \"If only it didn't hurt so damn much.\"[Chapter 2] May 1946 She lay in the crook of my arm, her head on my shoulder, a small hand playing with the hair on my chest, both of us satisfied and drowsy with the afterglow of some extended lovemaking, the covers wrapped snugly around us against the chill of the frigid autumn day. I kissed her copper curls lazily and, following the mounds our bodies formed under the pale yellow covers with my eyes, mused wistfully, \"Looking at us now, it'd be so easy to pretend everything's fine.\" \"Well, it is, isn't it?\" She tilted her head way back to frown at me upside down. \"We're together, cosy and warm, and I've just had wonderful sex with a wonderful man. So yes, I do think everything's fine. No need to pretend.\" \"Aw, you know what I'm getting at, don't you? You know what's under the covers.\" \"The man I love?\" \"The damaged man you love, you mean.\" \"Oh, Mick.\" She pushed herself up on her elbows and said, \"Don't get started like that again, please. You know perfectly well I don't have any issues with your leg, and you shouldn't either. Why'd you want to pretend? It's no use anyway. It won't change a thing. Don't get me wrong, I understand how much you must wish things were different, but they are the way they are. We have no choice but accept reality and make the best of it.\" \"You don't understand nothing \", I said acidly, coming up on my elbows myself, grabbing a fistful of bed linen to keep myself from smashing something against the wall. Try not being able to drive or swim or run and see how you would like having to get used to all those constraints, I wanted to shout at her. Try having to ask someone for help when you simply want to take a cup of tea into the next room but can't because you've got your hands full with the crutches. Try crashing to the floor and lying there, waiting for someone to pick you up when all you'd wanted was go take a leak at night and forgot in your half-sleep that you had this new little problem of a missing leg. Try lying on your back for weeks on end, stuck in a giant plaster cast, totally helpless, or getting up finally to find you're so weak that even going to the goddamn toilet is a challenge. Then you might know what I'm talking about. I didn't say any of this, but I glared at her blackly, almost hating her for a terrible moment, with her intact body and her sensible attitude towards my troubles. She certainly was not wrong in what she'd said, but this factual view of things seemed so cold to me. I didn't want to have to explain why I felt the way I felt. I wanted her to understand without explanation. \"Mick …\", she began. \"What if I can't simply accept it all, like I was some kind of saint? What if I don't want to? I want my life back, you know. All of it. I can't simply push a button and – snap! – accept that a large part of it has gone down the drain. I can't just sit around and be a good little invalid with a blanket over my knees – oh, wait, make that knee, let's face the fact that I only have one of them left. I can't just accept that all I can possibly expect from life is collecting an amazing collection of rare stamps or write my memoirs or become a chess champion, no matter that I'd rather do some proper work and be a proper man.\" \"Oh, Mick, please don't make it so much worse than it really is\", she said unhappily. \"No need to make it worse. It's bad enough as it is\", I retorted, untangled myself from the covers and began to collect my clothes that were strewn all over the floor by the bed. My shirt was just out of reach, and it took three attempts until I managed to snatch it up with the tip of a crutch. This was symptomatic of my perennial dilemma – if I asked for help, it was always embarrassing; if I did something myself, it was usually awkward. How I hated having to make a fool of myself, one way or the other, to get things done. I felt Evelyn's eyes on my back, but I couldn't bring myself to turn around. I didn't want to talk it over right now, and I didn't want to hear any apologies. She didn't speak to me until I had got dressed and left the bedroom. I went through into the living-room, following a sudden craving for something strong. I knew she kept a few bottles of liquor, probably leftovers from back when that prick Phillip was alive, in the little cabinet below the window. Its door was stuck and I had to pry it loose with some effort. When it finally gave, I almost fell over with the jolt and hit my hipbone painfully on the marble windowsill. At last I found a bottle of fine Scotch whisky, still about a third full, and got it onto the side table without further accidents. I didn't bother to fetch a glass, I just plonked myself down in the wing chair by the table and took a generous swig. Evelyn didn't come looking for me the way she usually did after we'd had a clash. I could hear her noisily pottering around in her study. By the time she did enter the living-room, the level of amber liquid had diminished considerably. It had not helped much, though, so I had put the cork back in the bottle and was staring into space, utterly discontented with everything. From where she stood when she came in, she couldn't have seen the bottle on the table behind me, and I didn't think I was visibly inebriated, but the first thing she said was, \"Are you drunk, Mick?\" \"What if I were? Why don't you just accept it?\" I scoffed. \"Dammit, Mick, I know you hate your life right now, and I guess what I said in bed was a very dumb thing to say, but getting sozzled doesn't solve anything.\" She walked over briskly and stowed the bottle back where it belonged. \"I don't want this to become a habit.\" \"Oh, for heaven's sake, worry about yourself, will you? I'm surely not going to end up an alcoholic just because I feel like getting sloshed once in a while. Can't you simply leave me alone for once?\" \"Fine, if that's what you want, I'm gonna leave you alone\", she shouted hotly. I'm not going to listen to you any more, or encourage you or try to make you see your stupid life is still worthwhile. But don't come crying when you feel you do need someone to hold your hand after all!\" Part of me wanted to holler back at her, and I was already drawing a deep breath to do so, but I suddenly felt very tired and not at all ready to engage in another senseless shouting match. A headache was beginning to throb in my temples, and I said wearily, \"Can we stop yelling at each other, please? I don't want us to quarrel again.\" She looked flabbergasted and almost a little disappointed when she asked pointedly, \"So what is it you want?\" \"Except my old life back, you mean?\" I said flatly. \"I guess I only know what I don't want. I don't want to be pitied, and I don't want to be mothered. I just want to live my stupid life and maybe, just maybe, I'll even learn how to be a happy invalid.\" She pursed her lips in distaste and remained silent, which was very untypical of her who usually needed to have the final word and hardly ever let a \"cripple\" or \"invalid\" fly. She stood for a while, clutching the back of an armchair, picking at the upholstery agitatedly. I could see her jaw working as the cogs were turning busily in her mind. Finally, she threw up her hands in a gesture of defeat and said, \"I'm sorry, I just can't seem to find the right thing to say to you. When I said … what I said earlier, I didn't say it to hurt you. I just thought … oh well, never mind. I only wish there was actually something I could do to make you happier with your life.\" \"I also wish there was\", I said darkly. \"But you were right, all those wishes and what-ifs aren't any use now. I guess you'll simply have to live with things the way they are, and I will, too. My leg isn't going to grow back after all. Better accept it, huh?\" My attempt at a sarcastic laugh failed miserably. It sounded more like a sob. She said nothing, but she came over and perched on the arm of my chair, and when the silly, childish urge to cry made my lips quiver wretchedly, she still didn't speak. She simply held me while I gave in to my misery and heartache over a life that would never be all I wanted it to be. She was very quiet and pensive for the next couple of days, and when we were sitting at the kitchen table one afternoon over a cup of coffee, she casually asked me, \"Say, Mick, what kind of kid were you?\" \"Huh?\" I was totally taken aback, puzzled as to where that question suddenly came from. \"What kind of kid were you?\" she repeated. \"Why d'you want to know? What's that to do with anything?\" \"Well, when your mother told you that you couldn't do something, did you just give in and let it be because she said so? I don't think so.\" She raised a knowing eyebrow. \"I think you'd rather go and do it anyway, and with all the more relish.\" \"Can't deny it\", I replied, thinking of the countless times I had come home wet or bloodied or with my pants torn and stained because I had waded right into a tidal pool or fallen off my bicycle or snagged my clothes in the bramble hedge at the back of the garden which I used to crawl through instead of walking all the way round to the little gate at the front. This memory of days long past made me smile ruefully. \"So why are you so sure that pessimist doctor fellow – what was his name again? Stiles? - got it right?\" she asked. \"What's keeping you from getting someone else's opinion? There's got to be some good specialist in Sydney. Why not go and hear what he says? If he confirms what Stiles told you, well, then we'll have to deal with it somehow. If he doesn't, all the better. And honestly, I can't believe someone as young and strong as you shouldn't stand a real chance of making it work if he set his mind on it.\" I had no valid argument against this, only an undefined, irrational fear of another doctor sealing my fate with an uninvolved, matter-of-fact assessment – a feeling so vague that she wouldn't have accepted it as an excuse. So I had gone to see Dr. Baker, who had been rather displeased to hear of the dispiriting advice his colleague had left me with and emphatically told me there was absolutely no reason why I shouldn't at least give it a try. \"Well, surely walking with an above-knee prosthesis requires significantly more energy than a below-knee one, which is why we only see a relatively low success rate, but you have all the prerequisites of someone who will make it work. Everything's healed very well, the sutures couldn't look any better, you're in good general health, and you seem to be quite fit physically. I'd like to see you again in a couple of months, and I can't think why you shouldn't be walking in here on two legs then.\" Two months later, almost to the day, I had walked into Dr. Baker's office with nothing but my seahorse cane. He was highly satisfied with me and said with a conspiratorial smirk, \"I've a good mind to give my competent colleague in Brisbane a call.\" \"Well, maybe I ought to thank him in fact. Who knows if I'd have made such good progress if you hadn't recommended Helen, of all people, for torturing me back into shape\", I replied with a chuckle. \"She's something else, isn't she?\" the doctor said with a grin. \"Oh yes, she is\", I said wryly and grimaced, which made him laugh. But it hadn't been Helen's pitiless regimen alone that had brought me this far. There was another woman who was truly something else. She was waiting for me outside the doctor's office, rejoicing when I said I'd passed the examination with flying colours. That evening, she took me downtown for a fancy dinner to celebrate the occasion and wouldn't hear of me picking up the bill. It was a beautiful night out, with a lavish three-course menu and a good bottle of wine and Evelyn radiant in a dark green silk dress, a single large pearl, perfectly round and unblemished, shimmering at her neck. For once, I even felt at ease in the dark suit and the navy and burgundy paisley tie Evelyn had chosen for me. But what I enjoyed most of all that night was moving about the restaurant without people staring at my nonexistent leg, however discreetly. Against all odds, I was back on my feet. Still a bit insecure on the fake one, but back nevertheless.[Chapter 3] September – October 1946 I went to another interview the next day, at a steelwork company, gritting my teeth against the soreness in my thigh and hip. I knew should have gone easy on the walking for the moment, but I sure as hell wasn't going to show up for a job interview on crutches with the leg off. This time, I almost got the job. In fact, they would have hired me on the spot. This time, it was me who said no. I just couldn't imagine sitting in a dimly lit corner of a noisy, airless factory workshop, sharpening drill bits for years to come, earning a pittance. I'd have gone crazy there within a couple of months. I played the invalid card and told them politely that, coming here from the other end of town, I had realized the long commute in crowded buses would be very hard on my leg, and besides, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to sit in the same place eight hours a day. They didn't appear too bothered. I guess they simply gave the job to the next guy in the waiting line. Evelyn was already home when I arrived. She had just made herself a cup of tea and was flicking through a stack of mail on the kitchen table. I hung up my hat and coat and joined her. Seeing my face, all she said was, \"No luck?\" \"Shouldn't have gone at all. Crap job, crap pay, and the leg's driving me mad. Anyway, I said no.\" \"You did? Well, if it was a crap job, good on you\", she replied, unperturbed, focusing on the mail she was still sifting through. \"Wait until you find something that suits you better. Don't rush anything. We're not starving after all.\" I felt a bit stung, although I knew she hadn't meant to be condescending. Glad as I was that I didn't desperately need to take on the first job that came along to put a roof over our heads and some food on the table, I didn't like the fact that I wasn't able to support the woman who was my wife in all but name. It didn't seem fair that she should bear the brunt of our expenses, even if she said she didn't mind and I should take my time. The reason I was looking for a job was not that I needed some nice little pastime to indulge in. I wasn't looking for some token job just to keep me occupied. I wanted to find serious, fulfilling work and to make a proper contribution to our living. Before I could vent my feelings, she thrust an air mail envelope at me. \"For you. Who's Mrs. Jackson Fielding?\" \"No idea.\" I turned the thin envelope over and over in my hands. The return address was in Atlanta, Georgia. I didn't think I knew anyone in Atlanta. The handwriting seemed vaguely familiar, though. Could some of my army buddies have found out where I'd gone off to? I wondered who it should be. Doc Maloney had been from Connecticut, Leary was a Pennsylvanian, Henderson had hailed from somewhere in the northwest, and the others who might have cared about me were all dead. Of course, they might have gone to live somewhere else, but that wouldn't explain \"Mrs. Jackson Fielding\". Curious, I slit the flap open with a small kitchen knife and unfolded the single sheet of paper covered front and back in closely spaced lines, neatly laid down in blue ink. Dear Mick, it read, followed by a little asterisk. I found its counterpart squeezed into the margin with an explanation scribbled in tiny letters: It feels weird to address you as \"Mick\" when I've always called you \"Carpenter\". But \"Dear Carpenter\" sounds rather silly, doesn't it? And \"Mr.\" or \"Corporal\" is certainly out of the question! \"Oh my\", I said softly when the scales fell from my eyes and read on, riveted. I hope this finds you well, and happy with your lovely lady. She's a very lucky woman to have you, and I hope she knows it. I've been meaning to write ever since you left, but so much has happened since then. As you can see from the envelope, I've moved to the States (isn't it funny how you are now living in my home country and I'm living in yours?), and I got married, too. I don't know if you remember Jackson from the hospital. He was there the same time as you, but in the other ward, so I'm not sure if you ever met him (or does a tall fair-haired Aussie with a bayonet scar across his cheek ring a bell?) Anyway, he's an old friend of my brother Greg's, and after he was discharged from hospital, I went out with him once or twice but never thought much about it. At the time, I guessed we were just being nice to each other because both of us were feeling kind of lonely. I met him again in March when I had a week off and went home to see my parents and to visit Greg who had just had knee surgery for the third time. He took a bad hit in the knee in the Philippines and has had massive trouble walking ever since. The poor boy was really down, as you can certainly imagine (he used to be a real sports nut and has been grounded with that sodding knee for almost two years now), and Jack was there virtually every day, trying to cheer him up a little. Well, by the end of my week off, we'd seen a lot of each other and gone out to dinner twice, and after the second dinner, he asked me to be his wife. Oh, and would I come to the States with him when he started his new job with Bell Aircraft in Atlanta? (Jackson's a mechanical engineer.) Obviously, I said yes, and so here I am, a newly wed housewife in the suburbs of Atlanta. Can you imagine that, Carpenter? Me, a housewife? I wanted to find a nursing job here, after all there's lots of hospitals in Georgia, too, but Jack wouldn't hear of it, so I try to busy myself at home and look after the old lady next door who hasn't got any family hereabouts. But enough about me now – how are you coming along? I've been thinking of you every so often, particularly since I came to the States. Although your accent is much different from the locals' Southern drawl (to be honest, I hardly understand some of them!), lots of words and expressions I hear here remind me so much of you, and whenever somebody mentions he's been in the Pacific in the war, I want to ask them if they knew you. Drop me a line some time, will you? I'd love to hear from you again. By the way, I seriously hope you have gone back to training with your artificial leg and are walking nicely by now. If you have given up on that, I promise I'll come kick you in the b…ackside next time I'm home! Take care, Carpenter, and don't let anything get you down! Your friend Amelia P.S.: I've finally managed to read your Evelyn's book. It's even more fantastic than I thought it would be! \"Oh my\", I said once more. I could see her plumpish sturdy figure and her sparkling hazel eyes clearly in my mind, but I simply could not picture her in a frilly wedding dress or as the suburban housewife she described, and a disbelieving laugh escaped me. Evelyn had finished shuffling her letters and magazines and was leaning back in her chair. She must have been watching me for quite a while. \"So who's Mrs. Jackson Fielding, now?\" she asked with a sharp little edge to her voice. \"Amelia\", I said, an imbecile grin spreading on my face. \"Amelia got married.\" \"Amelia?\" Evelyn's baffled tone was genuine, and I realized I'd never told her about Amelia. All she knew was that some nurse from the hospital in Brisbane had set me up with Mrs. Cunningham when I was looking for a place to stay. \"She was one of the nurses in Brisbane. The only one who was interested in more than my case sheet, I daresay.\" \"Apparently.\" She cast an oblique glance at the folded letter on the kitchen table, her eyes narrowed suspiciously, and added, \"And you became the best of friends, I presume.\" \"Yes, we became friends indeed\", I said pointedly. \"After I'd transferred to the rehab ward, she came visiting me a lot. She was the only visitor I ever had. She brought me stuff to read and listened to me whine and, well, she was there for me when I thought I was all alone. I don't know what I'd have done without her. She was great.\" \"I bet she was.\" Evelyn nodded her head in an exaggerated manner, her arms folded tightly over her chest. It took me a moment until I understood. \"You aren't jealous of her, are you?\" I asked with an incredulous laugh. \"My God, Evelyn, she's just a friend! She was my nurse , for Chrissake, she changed my dressing and took my temperature and brought me my meals, and I guess she even wiped my ass while I was out of it! Yes, she had a bit of a human touch and the others didn't and I grew to like her, but all I could think of was how I missed you and what a freaking shame it was I'd never see you again!\" \"If you were so sure you'd not see me again, I guess a bit of comfort would have done you good\", she said dryly. \"Or wouldn't it?\" \"Jeez, Evelyn, please stop those fantasies! Do you really believe I would have seriously taken up with her, or anyone, lying in a hospital bed all shot to pieces, full of pain and weak as a baby? And you know what – you actually have some things to thank her for. She once saved my fucking life …\" \"Isn't that what nurses are usually get paid for?\" she cut in acidly. I ignored her comment and went on rather loudly, \"And it was her who helped me find you!\" That silenced her. I told her how I had come to attend her lecture in Cleveland, which seemed to placate her a little, and then, after debating myself whether to mention it or not, I told her about that dismal day in the dispensary. She stared at me wide-eyed, one hand at her mouth, obviously shocked, and murmured, \"Well, then I have to thank your … Amelia indeed. I had no idea …\" She reached for my hand and held on to it as if I were about to slip away the next second. I was upset myself, reliving the utter despair I had felt at the time, and astonished that I had actually told her what I'd never wanted anyone to know. But it was only fair that she should know that much, I thought as I took her other hand in mine. There was still enough I might never be able to speak of, not even to her. She watched me with a different, cautious eye after this revelation, almost as if she feared I'd go and hang myself over the next thing that went wrong. I tried to be ostentatiously cheerful and positive. Even as another job opportunity evaporated, I forced myself to see the good in it, which was not too hard because it had been another not-so-hot position, in the warehouse of a medical supplies company. \"Another dud. But then, I've seen far too much medical stuff anyway\", I said lightly when Evelyn asked how it had gone. \"And please don't look at me like that. I'm not going to swallow a bottle of pills because I didn't get a job I didn't even want.\" \"I didn't …\", she began. \"Oh yes, you did\", I said, and she surrendered and laughed a little sheepishly. \"That's long past, really. It was just a singular bad moment back at the hospital\", I told her firmly and added a little more soberly, \"Well, that's not to say I'm not getting sick of being turned down. I don't know what's worse – if they say no right away when I mention that I've got a little souvenir from the war or if they invite me in for a chat and then call to tell me they've decided on someone else.\" \"You're bound to find something soon\", Evelyn tried to reassure me, but her tone was not very convincing. \"I'm not too sure\", I said and got up to open the window and light a cigarette, which I smoked slowly while I leaned on the outside windowsill, watching a few birds flutter around the tree on the other side of the road. I exhaled a last puff of smoke and ground the cigarette butt out on the stone sill, breathing the clear air of a warm spring day. The memory of a similar day a year ago flashed through my mind, when I had felt so trapped in the hospital and Amelia had shown me the secret passage into the little yard behind the kitchens, the first tiny glimpse of freedom I'd had after my life had been derailed so horribly, leaving me a desperate mangled wreck, homeless, jobless, hopeless. If I was here twelve months later, limping along quite successfully on my new leg, living with the woman I'd thought lost, the hitherto futile job search my only major concern, much of it had been Amelia's doing. Was she really happy with her engineer husband, so far from home? She had sounded a little lonely in her letter, and she seemed to miss working, something I could relate to only too well. From what she had written, I had almost felt a little guilty that I hadn't thought of her a lot lately, as opposed to when I first moved here. I had often compared Evelyn to her in the beginning, rather unfavourably. Of course Evelyn hadn't had any way of knowing what I could and couldn't do on my own, so she had frequently asked if I wanted her to do this or if I was able to do that. I knew perfectly well that she only wanted to make things as comfortable and easy for me as she could, but all her questions made the limitations to my life all the clearer. Just as bad were the moments when she didn't realize I had trouble doing something and I had to ask her to assist me, which made my helplessness all the more tangible. Amelia would have known, I used to think then. She wouldn't have needed to ask, and I wouldn't have needed to tell her what to do. She would simply have known from professional experience what I required assistance with and what I could do on my own all right. She would have known that it wasn't necessarily worrisome when the pain or the depression got worse from time to time and would have given me a perky pep talk instead of looking at me helplessly with big pained eyes. I had been very ashamed of myself for feeling that way, fully aware that I was being grossly unfair, but I couldn't help it at the time. Good that we were over it now. Evelyn had learned when to lend a hand and when not to, and I had learned to accept her loving support with the things I couldn't do on my own. I had even learned to ask for it if necessary, without feeling embarrassed or humiliated. \"Mick?\" Evelyn seemed to be calling to me from a far distance. I had been so lost in thought that I didn't hear the twittering of the birds in the tree nor the traffic in the street below. \"Mick?\" She came into the kitchen now, rather agitated, gesturing vivaciously. \"Phone call for you – come quick!\" \"Whoa there, they won't hang up if it's something important, will they?\" I smiled mildly about her excitement as I closed the window and added, \"Who is it anyway?\" \"You'll see!\" She was wearing such a broad grin on her face that my own curiosity grew rapidly and I limped into the living-room a little faster than I'd have done normally. Leaning on the back of an armchair, I picked up the receiver. \"Hello?\" \"Mr. Carpenter?\" \"Yes, speaking.\" \"Great. Uh, good afternoon. This is Donnie Snow, and I'm calling to ask if you are still interested.\" \"In…terested?\" I repeated slowly. His name rang a bell but I couldn't quite place it yet. \"In the job? You know, at the …\" Jeez, now I knew who he was. Blond, medium height, suntanned, easy-going. An interview in a cramped and cluttered backroom office. \"…boating shop\", both of us said at the same moment and laughed. \"You see\", the tinny voice in the receiver continued, \"I should've hired you in the first place. The guy I took on instead made off with the cash register last Thursday. Police got him quickly, and the money's back, too, but I'm short of staff again. So I wondered if you might consider …\" \"Yes, yes indeed I might\", I said with a ragged laugh. \"Absolutely. And I promise your money's safe with me. I'm no good at running any longer, with or without the cash register.\" In another life, it would have galled me that I hadn't been Donnie's first choice, maybe so much that I wouldn't have accepted the job. I couldn't afford that kind of stubborn pride any more, and I didn't even mind. When I first took my place behind the boating shop's counter, perched on the high upholstered stool Donnie had put there for me so I wouldn't have to stand too much, there was that warm sensation of belonging and of purpose. Wood and varnish, oil and canvas gave off their characteristic smells, mingling into a very particular perfume that made me feel at home instantly. Selling oars and fenders, nets and rods, bait boxes and oil cans, talking expertly of the weather and the tides, of fishing and sailing, quickly learning the names and faces of the regulars, I settled in there in no time. I hadn't been too sure if so much contact with this world that had once been my life would do me good, but I found that I still belonged there, if in a different way, despite the occasional pang of regret when someone spoke of their latest sun-drenched sailing trip down the coast or the nasty storm they'd ridden out recently. The doorbell jangled its dissonant signal when the door flew open and a squall of rain propelled the skinny figure of old Stevie Pearson inside, dripping water from his flat cap and even from the tip of his chunky nose. He shook himself and wiped his face with a damp sleeve, and Donnie jeered from somewhere between the shelves of fishing gear, \"Jesus, Mick, look what the cat dragged in!\" \"Shut up, Snowman!\" Stevie shouted back and came over to me, dragging his feet in his ridiculously big rubber boots. \"Mornin', Mick, you alright? He treatin' you okay?\" He jerked a thumb at Donnie and smirked, showing crooked, tobacco-stained teeth. \"Barely. But I guess I'll manage.\" I grinned back at the old man, relishing the little joke we shared every time he came as much as the feeling that I was in the right place. ","Summary":" Not much comment on this one - just a glimpse of Mick as he tries to conquer the challenges of retu"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Not in the cards","Author":"CBsbandwench","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9102481","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rebecca Marrow – Born and semi raised next to the Bondurant's her family moved away when she was 19 to New York there she went to school and college there . Now to move up in her job her boss gives her a story to cover after a big shoot out between the Chicago mob and The bootleggers. This is the opportunity she had always wanted but to go back and do a story on Forrest and his brothers made her nervous . She left Forrest with no reason, no goodbye and no letters of where she was. Let's see what happens when she comes back. Disclaimer - I do not own anything except the Marrows A loud sigh escaped her lips as Rebecca stared out of the buildings window. She looked back at her blank paper. She had wanted to be writer as long as she could remember . The fact her father moved the family to NY was a good thing And that lead to a part time very poorly paid job at the local newspaper. It was her brother Eric Marrow who had listened to her weave stories of half truths, and placed her own twists on the stories . He had told their father that she had a gift of story telling. Her father told her to write something for him to see if it was any good. And so she had. She had given a piece she had written and her father looked in awe and wonder at his daughter. Next thing she knew he was sending her to school. Which at the time, there was not of women who attending college. Rebecca was a smart girl and bright some times too much for her own good. It took some time to calm her accent down. After all this time it was less than a twinge The rest of the family after a few years went back to Virginia, her father got a good job and her mother was a secretary for a lawyer . Her brothers stayed in NY well two the other moved with his wife to California. Her sister had passed away from a long illness. \"Rebecca!\" a male voice boomed from her door way. \"Mr. Prichard, what can I do for you?\" she asked as she plastered a fake smile on her face. The man was her boss's right hand man and was always flirting with her. \" Michael , wants to see you in his office right away , something about a hot story in Virginia \" he told her before turning and walking off , smoke fro m his cigar trailing behind him. Rebecca liked her boss , he was a hard working and honest man , always giving her first crack at an unwanted story . She stood up smoothed out her skirt, grabbed her notebook and pencil. She walked down the small hallway to her boss's office. She knocked gently. \"Come, on in \"her boss's voice called out. Rebecca turned the door knob and pushed the door wide open. Michael Dumont stood over a picture and he was studying it carefully. Another man she did not recognize stood next to him. He would of been a handsome man if not for the ugly bruises and broken nose. \"Mr. Kane , you wanted to see me \" she asked as she sat down crossing her legs , she placed the pad of paper on her lap and looked at him . Her boss Michael Kane was younger than her father yet old enough to be an uncle. His father had run this little newspaper leaving to his middle son. \" You , my dear are getting what you have always wanted , your own article \" Michael told her as a smile spread across his face. \"I am sending you to Virginia, Franklin county to get the story on the mysteriously successful Bondurant family. \" Her eyes widened \"What ….. Me, I can't take this story sir \"she stammered. She started to back up , she wanted to leave , she couldn't go back to Franklin county and she wasn't going too. \" Ms. Marrow , you are one of my up and coming columnists , now if you want to make it to the next level , I suggest you pack a bag and catch the next train to Virginia . Or you my dear will find yourself out of a job. Do I make myself clear \"he asked her? He watched as she pulled herself together and lifted her head up at him. \" Yes sir you have made yourself very clear and when do I leave ?\" she asked her boss knowing that this time he meant business. He had threatened her job before but something about the way he spoke to her made her decide to swallow her fear and agree. \"Good tomorrow morning, I'm sure you will want me to let your family know you are coming? And you might want to let you house mate know you will be gone for some time. You can take the rest of the day to pack \"her boss told her. \"I'll call you when I get there \"she told him with a smile. She walked out of the office standing tall and confident the minute she was back in her tiny office, she began to tremble all over. She picked up her pocket book and walked out of the office with enough worry to consume an entire town. Her hand was a little more steady as she unlocked her door and stepped inside , she saw her roommate patty cooking at their stove . Her friend turned and looked at her knowing immediately something was very wrong. She shut off the stove and waited. \"So what has you whiter than a ghost?\" Patty asked her friend. \" I have to go back home for a story \" Rebecca told her unsure how far this conversation was going to have to go . \"Well honey won't your parents be glad that you are coming home for awhile. I mean me and Butch and Sassy will be fine \" Patty told her as she glanced over at the to long haired tabbies sleeping on the sofa . Rebecca laugh \" no my mother and father will be more than happy to see me , its other people there that may have a problem , they are the people I am doing the story on. \" \"Oh boy Becca, lets hear it girl what did you do?\" Patty smirked her roommate was also her best friend and she was a desk girl for a doctor's office. \"Oh alright \"Rebecca huffed. \"I grew up next to the Bondurant family and my whole family was close to their family. After the fever claimed the parents and half the family, my family moved. My father told them that we would stay close , I just never said goodbye to them . Oh my father and mother did , I just couldn't bring myself too. And now I have to do a story on the big shoot out they just had making them heroes of sorts.\" Patty stared at her friend who kept looking away as she was telling the story \"So was there one person that you should of said goodbye too and didn't and this is why you are weird about going back. Rebecca Marrow is it a man you let down?\" \" Forrest Bondurant to be exact , I felt horrible , he had just told me that he was in love with me and someday wanted to get married to me . And I just let him believe we had a life together , my sister was the one who told him we were moving . I refused to see him and my father told him I wasn't feeling well enough for visitors. Now I have to go back and write this story \" \"Did you love him?\" Patty asked her quietly knowing the answer. \" the worst part was after my family moved back , my aunt told me that When Simon and his wife where getting ready to move to California , Forrest asked when I was coming home , my brother told him he didn't think I ever was . And Yes I was in love with him, but The Bondurant boys were no good , they always were in fights getting shot . I didn't want to bury him. truthfully all the stories of him being immortal I thought were just that stories . After his ma and pa died something in Forrest died, he took over. By the time I finished school my cousins all told me I wouldn't recognize him . \" Patty had listened to her friend and it sounded to her that her friend was just scared of her feelings coming back. She stood up and smiled \" come on I'll help you pack and then we are going out with William and Claude for dinner \" Patty pushed her friend in the direction of her room. %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Scott marrow had received one of the best calls he had ever received in a long time. Michael kane had called his law firm a week ago to tell him that he was sending his beautiful daughter Rebecca home to cover a story . His daughter hadn't come home when the rest of the family had done. he was not sure if it was because of the Bondurant boy or because she enjoyed New York city so much . It had been a month since the Bondurant boys had cleaned up Franklin , jack and Bertha had gotten engaged . Howard had a family and Forrest well he married Maggie. Scott had been grateful to the boys telling him to get his family out of town while things got under control . The town was different now happier and growing. Scott looked at his pocket watch and smiled in less than a week his daughter would be home. As he was walking across the street to pick up his Wife Elise, he saw Forrest. For a moment he wondered if the man knew his daughter was coming home. He figured he might as well tell him seeing as he hadn't seen his daughter in years. \"Forrest \"he greeted with a hand shake and got a smile in response \"Mr. Marrow, what can I do for you?\" \"Oh I wanted to share the good news with you. Rebecca is coming home to do a piece on you and your family \" after the words came out of his mouth and he saw Forrest's jaw harden at the mention of his daughter he wondered if telling him was right thing to do . \"I'll be sure to let Jack know since he'd be the one doin all the talking lately. Good day sir\" was all Forrest muttered before going on his way. Scott turned his attention to the sound of high heels clicking towards him. \"So I'm gonna guess that Forrest ain't interested in Rebecca coming home?\" Elise smiled. The Bondurant boys were like her own sons at times. \" No he said Jack will be doing the story not him , well my dear I reckon this will be interesting .\" Scott placed his hand in his wife's hand and they walked together to the general store. His hands shook as he held onto the steering wheel. His mind a whirlwind of thoughts as the news still echoed in his ears .Rebecca was coming home. Forrest was glad he knew the back roads as well as he did , other wise his Ford would of been wrapped around a tree . He pulled the car into the Stations lot and sat there for a moment before smiling at his wife. Her red curls gleaming in the sun as she hung up the laundry on the line. He looked around for a moment before spotting his brothers. He got out of the car and walked passed Maggie and right over to his brothers. Nothing had really changed between the brother since the shoot out, they may have been a little closer but that was all. \" Hey Forrest \" Jack called out when he saw his older brother walk towards them his smile lessened as his brother came closer . Right away he knew something was wrong. he just hadn't a clue what because Forrest walked right past him and Howard and went right into the work shed and slammed the door shut . Howard looked at Jack this couldn't be good , the only thing in the work shed was a make shift punching back that Maggie had suggested they use instead of beating on each other when they were made . \" I'm not going in there no way \" Jack said as a matter of fact . Howard only smirked he wasn't going in there either. Howard was the oldest brother but he was not dumb enough to bother Forrest when he went in the shed . I know it's a little choppy at best however it will smooth out . I promise. ","Summary":" Rebecca Marrow – Born and semi raised next to the Bondurant's her family moved away when she was 19"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"You and Me","Author":"pressontoknow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11724079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She walked quickly into the hospital that morning, knowing she was a little late and had missed the start of visiting hours. Forrest would be worried. She'd woken up late after a night full of horrible dreams with him shot and dying all over again. Practically sprinting through the door in her eagerness to seem him alive and recuperating, Maggie stopped dead in her tracks to see his bed empty and made up. Her heart dropped, the irrational part of her screaming that he'd died in the night and no one had told her, while another part argued that there was a logical explanation. She took in a quiet, gasping breath and breathed it out slowly, her lips pursed like she was smoking. She turned— To see him standing right in front of her in the doorway. \"Forrest!\" she breathed, relief evident in her tone. \"What the hell are you doing out of bed?\" \"Got discharged,\" he explained simply, and walked past her to the chair she'd spent so many hours in. \"Just came back to get my things.\" He picked a small box up off the seat and deposited it in his coat pocket as if nothing out of the ordinary was going on. Maggie raised a quizzical brow. \"Got discharged? Or forced the doctor to sign off on it?\" \"Well,\" Forrest grunted, \"I may have stared at him for a bit longer than necessary when he said he was hesitant to let me leave.\" Maggie put her hands on her hips and glared at him. \"Forrest, you can't just decide that you're well! You got shot two weeks ago, and a doctor you are not!\" Forrest let out a heavy sigh and came to stand in front of her. \"Maggie, I'm comin' back in two days for a checkup. You're welcome to come.\" \"You'd better believe I'll be coming,\" she snapped, her tone a little gentler now. She had no backbone when he loomed over her like that, his presence large and comforting. \"I'm the one who's gotta nurse you back to health.\" He squinted at her words. \"You don't gotta do anything, Maggie.\" Her throat closed up at his words. She knew what he was referring to and decided to ignore it. \"Well I love you so yeah, I gotta.\" His next words floored her. \"I love you too.\" She gaped up at him, blown away. In all her life, Maggie had never expected to actually hear those words from this man. She was pretty sure he felt that way, but Forrest had a hard time even expressing lesser emotions such as happiness and grief, so love? Not something she'd expected from him. His mouth quirked up a bit at the side at her expression. \"I got you somethin',\" he continued, reaching into his pocket and pulling out the box he'd come back for. When she didn't react immediately he took her hand and placed the box in her palm. After a moment Maggie pulled herself together and opened the box to reveal…a small diamond ring. She gasped, her fingers flying to her mouth. \"Forrest…\" \"Would you marry me, Maggie,\" Forrest asked, the lack of inflection making it sound more like a statement than a question. Tears rushed to her eyes and Maggie clenched her jaw, trying to hold herself together enough to respond to him. \"I can't, Forrest.\" He stared down at her, and she couldn't read his expression, which wasn't necessarily rare, but she'd gotten better about it in the past year and usually she had some idea of what he was thinking. When he didn't say anything she decided he at least deserved an explanation. \"Forrest,\" she continued, her voice soft and broken as she stared down at the ring, this beautiful ring that he'd taken the time to choose just for her, \"there's nothing in the whole world that would make me happier than marrying you.\" He grunted at this. \"What's the hold up then?\" Maggie shook her head. \"You don't want me, Forrest. Before…you didn't know, so you thought I was, I dunno, pure or something, not damaged goods like you know I am now. You don't have to feel obligated to me just because we slept together a few times.\" \"First of all,\" Forrest interjected before she could say anymore, \"I wasn't just sleepin' with you, I was livin' with you and takin' care of you and…\" He seemed surprised at how much he'd already said, but somehow still continued. \"Second, call yourself damaged goods one more time and I'll dig up that bastard and shoot 'im some more, probably rip my stitches open and you'll have to mend me back to health again .\" Maggie glared at him, certain he would do just that. \"Third, I wanna marry you because I love you and I don't want you goin' nowhere. You're the type to think I just want you here to nurse me back to health and then skedaddle off once I'm well. That's not what I want, Maggie.\" A tear slipped down her cheek and she brushed it away angrily. \"Forrest, you're a good man, a really good man, and you just… I don't want you throwin' yourself away on me! You don't even know it all!\" \"Then tell me!\" Forrest demanded, his voice raising as he stepped closer to me. \"I…\" She swallowed hard. \"You don't know…that that wasn't the first time I was raped! That the other time was when I was fourteen and my daddy got drunk…\" Her inhale was like a sob. \"And so I went to live in Chicago and danced for a living, and I didn't get raped again but I got beat up a lot and my body wasn't mine… And then I went to bed with you and you made me feel like I was in control for once, like I wasn't just havin' to wait for the next blow!\" His gaze was like steel as he stared down at her. \"Anything else?\" he asked harshly. She glared at him, irrationally angry that he wouldn't back down, wouldn't give up on her. \"You're a good man, Forrest. I know you don't think so but you are. There's a lot of girls out there better than me.\" Forrest let out a heavy breath. \"Lord willin' this is the only time I'll ever insult you, but that's just plain stupid, Maggie. Ain't no one better for me than you and you know it. 'Bout time you start accepting it too.\" Now she turned her gaze to the ring, overwhelmed with emotion. She wanted him, she wanted him more than she'd ever wanted anything before. All she had to do was believe him, to see herself the way he saw her. Finally she sighed and met his gaze again. \"You want to put it on my finger now, or wait til we're in front of the judge?\" His lips quirked, pretty much the closest he ever got to smiling, and he shrugged. \"'S up to you. Ya got anyone you wanna tell before?\" She gave him a wide smile and closed the box, slipping it carefully back in his sweater pocket and then wrapping her arms tight around his waist. \"You 'n me is just you 'n me, Forrest. The boys'll figure it out in a couple years' time.\" She burrowed closer as his arms came around her shoulders and held her tight. Forrest wasn't much with his words, but what he lacked in verbal communication he made up for in physical. She could feel how much he loved her in how tight he held her. \"Let's get goin' then,\" Forrest rumbled into her ear, his face pressed in her hair. \"It's about time I stop livin' in sin with you.\" At the sound of her delighted laugh he held her closer. \"All right then, husband,\" Maggie exclaimed as she pulled away, \"we'd best get to the courthouse before 5 o'clock.\" She could tell her eagerness pleased him as he huffed out a longsuffering sigh and tugged on the brim of his hat. \"If I'da known marryin' you was the way to get you on time to things, I'd 've made you my wife a long time ago.\" \"I love you, Forrest Bondurant,\" Maggie replied, standing on her tiptoes to press a firm kiss to his lips. He grunted and gave her hand a firm squeeze as he led her out the door. ","Summary":" She walked quickly into the hospital that morning, knowing she was a little late and had missed the"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"The Pine Box","Author":"CaileeChaos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12283328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cricket Pate was dead, and his Aunt Winny couldn't afford a casket. Jack Bondurant's best friend in the whole goddamn world, and Cricket's shit-crazy aunt couldn't even give him a proper burial. A proper goodbye. Jack reckoned angrily that he didn't rightly have the money either, what with that stupid motherfucker Charlie Rakes destroying the still and all. It wasn't enough that the bastard had murdered Cricket. Now, Rakes was denying the boy a rightful send-off to boot. Fuckin' city-slick sonofabitch. Jack was going to kill Charlie Rakes. That's all he could think about while he chopped and sawed and sanded the wood for the casket he was building his best friend. As Jack laid into the wood with his father's old sledgehammer and wedge, bringing down swing after harsh swing, his arms burning something awful, Jack imagined the light receding from Rakes' cold, soulless eyes. He pictured the slimy man's face reddening as Jack strangled his last breath from him. He damn near fantasized about squeezing the coward's throat, feeling his sweaty skin pull and squish beneath his fingers as Jack wrung the life out of him, the last pitiful jumps of his pulse fading into stillness. Yeah, that sorry fucker had to die, alright, and Jack was gonna be the one to do it. The youngest Bondurant had been at it just about all day. He'd gotten started 'round seven-thirty that mornin', determined to see a proper casket built for his best buddy before the day was through. All day long, he had chopped and chipped, sawed and sanded, and now evening was near. Darkness quickly closing in on Franklin County, Jack lugged the stack of freshly cut wood inside the shed. It was time to nail the box together. He saddled two sawhorses upright, balanced what would soon be the bottom planks of the coffin across the pair, and go to work. With each swing of the hammer, Jack saw Cricket's face covered in fuel and oil, grease smudges on the tips of his ears and the bridge of his nose. With each nail he drove into the wooden planks, Jack saw the thin, sickly, blue fingers of his best friend turning a wrench, unscrewing the lid off a mason jar full of liquor, and snapping along happily to some catchy Cliff Edwards tune on the radio. Each swing was a glimpse of his dead best friend, each hit was a memory not soon to be forgotten. Cricket Pate was his best friend in the whole damn world, and he was dead, and Jack Bondurant had no idea just how in the hell he was supposed to handle that. \"Mother fuck- !\" So lost in his sorrow and rage, Jack's aim had faltered. He'd brought the hammer down with all the ferocity of a stampeding bull onto his left thumb, not on the head of the nail. \" Sonofabitch ,\" he hissed, the hammer falling to the floor. Pain exploded up his hand, twined up his arm, and nestled in the crook of his elbow. Clutching the wounded limb to his chest, Jack let loose a string of curses as long and wide as the Mississippi. \"Shit, shit !\" The fingernail was broke. It cracked down the middle with smaller splits spider-webbing outward. The skin was already turning several furious shades of blue, red, and purple. Damn it all if he wouldn't have a blood blister the size of Texas come dinnertime. The offending digit throbbed with a near-blinding pain, and it was all Jack could take. Kicking wildly at the hay strewn across the shed floor, Jack spun madly in circles, howling to himself with pain. Quickly, his pained howling dissolved into bawling, tears pouring down his face like rain from the sky. His sobbing was intermittent with curses. He cursed Charlie Rakes for murdering his best friend—an innocent, kind boy who had never hurt nobody and never done no wrong—in cold blood. He cursed his brothers for not being there to protect Cricket from Rakes and his men, and then he cursed himself for ever getting Cricket involved—Forrest had been right when he'd said that Jack and Cricket had no business getting mixed up in bootlegging. Hell, he even cursed the government for the damn Prohibition Actswhich had started this whole mess in the first place. And then, when he'd fallen to his knees, tremors of grief shaking his body, his broken thumb searing in pain, Jack had cursed little ole Cricket Pate himself. \"You got no right to leave me,\" he wailed. \"You got no right, Cricket!\" The cot in the back corner of the shed—the one in which Cricket slept most nights when, after a long day at the station, he simply couldn't be bothered to trek it all the way acrossthe mountains back to his Aunt Winny's—glared pitifully at Jack. The sheets were still rumpled from Cricket's last sleep, one of the boy's undershirts balled up at the foot of the makeshift bed. The photograph that Jack had taken on his fancy new camera—the one he'd wanted so damn bad so he could impress Bertha, the one which now, in light of his loss, seemed so utterly stupid and useless—was pinned to the wall beside the cot. The photo was taken on a sunny afternoon a few weeks back. Cricket and Jack had been working on Jack's new car. Thanks to Cricket's ingenious ideas—the boy really was an Einstein when it came to engines—, the Fordwas running faster than ever. No way the ATF would be able to catch them now. Jack had busted out the new camera to celebrate. The pair of best friends had taken to fooling around in the yard with a couple of his father's old pistols and some cigars, pretending to be big time gangsters like Floyd Banner and Al Capone. They took turns posing in front of the newly improved vehicle. When the photograph was taken, Cricket had just caught one of the chickens from the yard. The skinny boy was propped against the front fender of the Ford, the bird under his arm, and Granville Bondurant's bolt-action rifle in his hand. He had the biggest, silliest grin on his lips that damn 'bout split his face in half it was so wide. Cricket had been so happy that day. How could he have known that he would be dead before the return of fall? Jack gazed at the small photograph and felt his heart break a little more. His rage faltered as disbelief and despair swelled in the pit of his stomach and crept up the back of his throat. God, how he already missed his closest friend. Jack felt his resolve to finish the casket diminishing as his hurt and hopelessness grew. He couldn't do this. He couldn't fall apart, not yet. Not until Cricket was buried. Not until Charlie Rakes was dead. Jack seized onto his anger, fixed the photograph with a quick glare, and turned back to the task at hand. But pain continued to pulse through his hand, his thumb already swelling, and try as he might, it became increasingly difficult to secure the nails steady and in place. His wounded hand couldn't quit shakin'. \"Goddamn it.\" He was so lost in his concentration and fury that he didn't notice his brother's approach. The two had not spoken since yesterday morning. Not since Forrest had smacked Jack like he was their daddy, lecturing about intentions and since Howard had muttered, \"They got Cricket,\" in a voice so defeated and broken that the very sound of it had chilled Jack to the bone long before the reality of Howard's words had set in. Not since Jack had lost his best friend. Not since his world crumbled and life stopped making sense. He didn't realize Forrest was in the shed until he was right up on him. \"Let me do that.\" Jack ground his teeth together to keep from bellowing at his older brother. \"I got it, Forrest.\" There remained a steady stream of tears on his cheeks, and his thumb was smarting like a bitch, the pain literally making his hand tremble. But all would be damned before Jack gave up—especially in front of Forrest. Not one to be outdone in ways of stubbornness, Forrest made a gentle humming noise. \"I'll-\" \"I said I got it!\" Jack's words were snarled and vicious. He ceased his hammering, body coiled tight like a suspensionspring, his muscles tense, as he waited for his brother's response. No doubt Forrest would have a word or two about Jack lashing out in his grief. No doubt Forrest would tell his baby brother to pull himself together. To quit bawling and act like a man, for fuck's sake. Jack just knew it. So one can imagine the youngest Bondurant's surprised relief when Forrest merely nodded, then turned on his heels and strode back in towards the station. Only, Jack's relief was short-lived. Forrest returned to the shed moments later with a cut of pork from the ice box. He extended the chunk of meat toward his younger brother wordlessly. Maybe it was the unassuming look on Forrest's face, or the casual slope of his relaxed shoulders. Either way, Jack felt the last ounce of his resistance evaporate. He accepted the pork silently, hissing quietly when he wrapped the thick cut of cold met around his wounded thumb. Suddenly, Jack was exhausted. Tucking his hand into this chest, he stumbled over and collapsed onto Cricket's cot. Forrest assumed Jack's position before the sawhorses. He went to work immediately. While Forrest finished the coffin, Jack remained slumped over on Cricket's cot, gazing into the air but seeing nothing. It smelled like Cricket, like grease and mint. That boy was forever chewing on little peppermints, and sure enough, there were a handful of peppermint pieces stuffed under the pillow now. Jack toyed with one. The pain in his broken thumb was still acute, the pulsing of his aches falling into rhythm with Forrest's hammer swings. It didn't take his brother long to finish the casket, as Jack had already had the bottom and sides assembled. When the lid was fitted and secured, Forrest paused, eyes flitting over the box—an assessment. After a moment, he set aside the tools and ran a hand over the surface of the wood. A low hum thrummed in the bottom of his throat. \"Smooth,\" he murmured with the slightest nod of his head. This would be the only indication of his approval of the quality of Jack's craftsmanship. Forrest sighed. \"Yeah, alright. S'time for dinner.\" He made his way over to Jack's desolate form and clapped his little brother on the shoulder. \"C'mon, Jackie. Let's go inside.\" Forrest hadn't called him Jackie since he was a child. Jack's body responded to the familiar, affectionate call, rising automatically. He stood stock still for a moment before he shrugged off his brother's hand carelessly. \"I ain't done yet.\" Reaching out, Jack thumbed the edges of that photo—the last photograph Cricket Pate would ever take. Another quiet moment passed. Then, he moved slowly to the work bench, and Forrest watched his little brother fiddle around with their father's tools for a moment before Jack slipped outside to the pile of wood scraps. When he returned to the casket, he fitted a little wooden cross on the lid with a gentle determination. There, it was done now. It was a simply pine box, and not as nice or dignified as Cricket deserved. But it would do. Jack gave a sharp nod. \"Alright. We can go.\" The next morning, they buried Cricket in the woods behind Aunt Winny's house in the Pate's private family cemetery. After a few solemn, kind words from the preacher, Jack Bondurant's best friend was laid in the earth just three feet from where the boy's parents and sister had long since rested. That morning, Jack said goodbye to his best friend, goodbye to his innocence, and by sundown the following day, Special Deputy Charlie Rakes was dead by Jack's hand. The brothers left his body in the river to rot. It's been a while since I've written anything in the Lawless fandom, but I watched the movie again the other day and was inspired. I simply adore this family and their story. I hope you all enjoyed it. ","Summary":" Cricket Pate was dead, and his Aunt Winny couldn't afford a casket. Jack Bondurant's best friend in"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"vowel sounds","Author":"partlysunny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8742507","Passage":"[Chapter 1] vowel sounds She learns early on that he's a man of a few words, perhaps the moment he hired her with that noncommittal shrug and vague, \"Yeah,\" but time has a way of opening people up, exposing them, showcasing their truths and their faults and their flaws. Except, like mortality, he seems to escape even that. Words do not flow easily from the man. His sheer girth is enough to intimidate so he does not need to, and his reputation is a beast that stands beside him and speaks so he does not have to, but there are volumes written into his light eyes and every line in his face tells a story. She can look closely and see his thoughts on the crinkle of his brow, the slight narrowing of his eyes, the slow nods and lip purses and the vowel sounds that come out of him that are put in place of long sentences he won't bother phrasing. She sees a lot, a whole lot, looking into his face, but she wants to listen too. He listens enough for the both of them, his ears always open for her to fume or chatter or yell or laugh. But her ears are so tired, so tired of the sounds that could be long conversations by the edge of the lake and laughter on the rooftop of their home. She looks at him from across the room as he sits at a table counting that week's money with a look of quiet determination on his face and it says, \"Don't interrupt, because then I will be angry and it will be ugly,\" but she would have liked to hear that. She drops a plate, a jar of marmalade, a bottle of pop, waiting for him to snap at her to keep it quiet so he can focus, but all he does is raise an eyebrow at her, looking slightly concerned, then goes back to his counting, and she can't take it anymore. \"Jesus Christ, say something!\" she shouts. Silence. Jack looks between them and vacates the premises, looking harried. She can see Howard watching impassively from the bar with liquor clouding his eyes and ignores him, keeping her gaze firmly on Forrest, waiting for a reply, a retort, something, anything. Forrest doesn't speak. The face she has learned to read so well is unreadable now. He patiently rises from his chair and walks slowly towards her, and places himself deliberately in Howard's line of vision. As soon as her eyes meet his, she realizes how childish she must seem. \"I'm sorry,\" she says. She feels tears pool in her eyes and she has no idea why. \"I don't know what... I'm sorry.\" He puts a hand on her arm and pulls her toward him. Still he does not speak, it occurs to her that he doesn't know what to say, but his arms, encircling her, speak. And the head he lays over hers speaks. And the slow rumble in his chest, the steady, resilient heartbeat, it speaks. And Maggie thinks that they say an awful lot for a man who only speaks in vowel sounds. ","Summary":" vowel sounds She learns early on that he's a man of a few words, perhaps the moment he hired her wi"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Overtime at The County Line","Author":"CaileeChaos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9133565","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was written as a companion piece to my Lawless fanfiction A Man Worth a Legend. It's a short, little scene that takes places sometime between Chapters 22 and 25 that I couldn't make fit in the original story so I decided to post it separately. If you haven't read the original story, I doubt you'll be able to follow. Sorry! As always, my friends, I hope you enjoy. Safely tucked behind the bar of The County Line, away from the unruly patrons who were growing more raucous by the minute, Ellie May Davis stifled a yawn. Her chin resting on her open palm, she lazily eyed their customers, each one practically swimming in the clear jars of white lightning and apple brandy clutched so desperately tight in their grasp. Her upper lip curled in disgust of its own accord. Ellie May couldn't stand liquor. With a sigh, she yawned once more before her lips puckered like she'd been sucking on a lemon and she murmured, \"This mess is such a blessing for business but it's wrapped in a curse. Nothin' good comes from drinkin'.\" \"I think you mean it's a blessing drank from a cursed jar,\" corrected Howard. Ellie May blinked. Perhaps it was lack of sleep, but, as she digested Howard's words, she realized his statement was actually a very astute metaphor. She briefly wondered if Howard knew what a metaphor was. Then, she scoffed. I doubt it. Leaning forward, Ellie May shot him a smirk, \"You gettin' philosophical on me, Howard?\" \"Phiso-what?\" Her eyes rolled. \"Never mind.\" The familiar swing of the kitchen door sounded behind them, immediately followed by a surprised declaration. \"I thought I sent you home.\" Howard and Ellie May turned from the bar to see Forrest emerging from the kitchen. He peered quizzically at Ellie May who yawned in response, muttering, \"And yet here I am.\" \"Ellie, it's getting late. Why don't you let Howard take you home?\" As if offended by the very idea, both Howard and Ellie May pulled disgusted faces, glancing sideways at one another. Ellie May countered his offer, \"Why don't you shut her down for the night and take me home yourself?\" \"Yeah, Forrest,\" echoed Howard with a scoff. \"Try pawnin' your woman off on me. I got one of my own I can barely handle.\" Ellie May snorted, shooting him a glance of disbelief. \"You're lucky Lucy'll have you most days.\" \"Luck…\" Howard grinned, pushing a massive hand through his unruly mop of hair and tossed a wink Ellie May's way. \"-ain't got nothin' to do with it.\" Her nose wrinkled, eyes clamping shut to fight off the sudden rush of unwanted mental images. \"I don't even what to think about what you're implying.\" Forrest watched the two with the same patient, somewhat amused disposition he always did. He knew that trying to interrupt or stop their bickering would only prolong and often worsen the argument. Eventually, when it seemed they were finally through squabbling, he blinked at them. \"Y'all finished?\" Ellie May flushed. Her cheeks turning a delightful shade of pink, she was ashamed to have been caught acting so childish. On the contrary, Howard's brow furrowed, not quite sure what his little brother was getting at. Forrest cocked his head back toward the back door of the restaurant. \"Take her home. I'll be by after while.\" \"I'm perfectly capable of driving myself, you know?\" Forrest fought a smile. \"Yeah, I know, but it's dark. Lotta deer out at night. Lotta fol-\" \"Folks out drunk, I know,\" muttered Ellie May, used to his tired, old spiel. It wasn't fair, how he got to worry about her so much but the tiniest bit of concern she displayed for him was downright unnecessary. She shoved Howard toward the back, \"C'mon, you lumberjack. You're taking me home.\" Everett slipped passed Ellie May and Howard as they left. Though it was never mentioned aloud, Everett had begun staying later to help Forrest close the restaurant so that Hal could leave early to rush home to his new baby and wife. The young man shot Forrest a bored glance as the still quarreling duo made their exit. \"I see they've upgrading to name calling.\" \"That was a term of endearment,\" rumbled Forrest in his ever gravelly voice. \"You'll know it when they start name calling.\" Fishing the cigar nub from his pants pocket, Forrest popped it in his mouth and prepared to light it when he saw a familiar brunette head bobbing in the window between the kitchen and bar. He threw the cigar at Everett, hastily dropping the matches in his breast pocket. Ellie May reappeared, looking a bit flustered. \"I forgot my sweater. And I hate your brother.\" She fetched her cardigan from behind the counter, muttering something about locks and Howard's inability to take anything serious unless it involved violence. Then, abruptly, her movements stalled. She eyed the chewed cigar in Everett's hand. Her face crumbled. \"Please tell me you don't smoke, Everett. It's a disgusting habit. Smells God awful and no woman wants to kiss a man who smokes. It's like licking a dirty ashtray.\" With a disapproving frown, she turned from him. Ellie May gave Forrest's hand an affectionate squeeze. \"Come home soon.\" And then she was gone. Everett passed the cigar back to Forrest, smirking, but before he could tease his boss, Forrest grunted. \"Don't even start.\" Striking a match, Forrest lit the cigar and took a deep, lung filling draw before releasing a cloud of smoke from his lips. He told Everett to watch the floor and stalked out the front door. He dropped onto an overturned box crate, kicking his feet up on the railing. He teethed the cigar. It was the first cigar he'd ever smoked. A gift from his father, Papa gave it to Forrest the day he purchased The County Line. Forrest had been slowly nursing it down to a sad, tasteless nub since. Over time any flavor the cigar once possessed had faded, the tobacco long dead. But Forrest couldn't bring himself to part with it. Reaching back into his pocket, Forrest withdrew a small, misshapen lump of wood – something else he refused to give up. Moonlight shining on him, Forrest puffed on his dull cigar and ran his fingertips over the familiar, gnarled edges of the once figurine. This, he reckoned, was what life was all about. I know it's short! Apologies. But you should review anyway! ","Summary":" This was written as a companion piece to my Lawless fanfiction A Man Worth a Legend. It's a short, "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Scarred","Author":"bigblackhorse4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8911197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Lawless and it's characters belong to Benaroya Pictures, FilmNation Entertainment, and Annapurna Pictures. Trigger Warning/Spoiler: This fic is centered around Maggie and Forrest's storyline, particularly of the conversation at he end of the movie, when Forrest learns about Maggie's rape. A/N: I didn't need another ship to ship, but I couldn't help it when I saw Lawless. Tom Hardy and Jessica Chastain are amazing actors, and they brought so much to the roles of Forrest and Maggie. They're both such strong characters, though they have weaknesses, but the beauty of their relationship is that they're strong where the other is weak. Anyways, when I first saw the movie, I thought Rakes' two men had actually cut her when they pulled the knife on her after they'd slit Forrest's throat (I figured out they didn't obviously, when she got back to her room without a knife wound to the ribcage). But this fic is based the premise that they actually did. Any reviews or critiques are welcome. Scarred The sound of the car motor at full throttle summoned Forrest to the window just as he finished buttoning up his shirt. :Shit. He'd hobbled over in time to see Cricket's beat-up little roadster fly by the station. From the front porch he could hear Howard yelling to the driver to come back, then for him and Danny to wake up, leaving little doubt as to who was behind the wheel. \"Dammit Jack, \" Forrest cursed, moving into action. Forrest turned to the chair beside his bed, snatching his hat off the back and placing it on his head before turning his attention to his vest. He had just slipped it over his shoulders when a light tread approached the doorway, then a sedate voice asked, \"What're you doin'?\" A fleeting glance established the voice as belonging to Maggie, though the glance was more out of an appreciation for her beauty than needing a confirmation of identity. He'd recognize that voice anywhere—never quite as accented as any girl he'd known from Franklin—as hers and hers alone: soft-spoken, with a hard edge of flint and grit that he'd learned defined her. That strength, along with being the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen made her something that he'd never grow tired of seeing, hearing, loving. Right now, she was wearing that peach and cream-colored nightgown that perfectly complimented her red hair and pale skin. Forrest dragged his eyes away to finish buttoning the vest, saying, \"Well, Jack's gone off.\" \"That's it then.\" Her tone was accusatory and filled with disappointment and…. heartache ? Forrest ignored her, not sure how to respond and grabbed the rifle from its place propped against the wall as Howard started hollering—this time from inside the station—and clambering up the stairs. \"Forrest! Forrest! Jack done took off in Cricket's car!\" :Jesus Howard, use yer brain. Forrest held in that comment and the mental sigh that accompanied it before replying placidly, \"Calm down Howard. Go fix the car.\" He grubbed around in his pocket for spare bullets to load into the rifle and pulled several out when Howard appeared in the doorframe behind Maggie, who stood steadfast—he guessed she would probably try to block him from leaving in a moment. Forrest was about to remind his brother about gettin' to the car, but then Howard was already on the move, turning back to get Danny, calling over his shoulder, \"He got trouble written all over 'im.\" Forrest took that to mean Jack. Some heavy footfalls on the stairs, then, \"C'mon Danny! I said ge'up!\" Forrest didn't waste nerves or energy on loading the bullets; that's you how you dropped ammo. :Take your time an' you only gotta do it once. Two bullets, three bullets, more footfalls on the stairs, four bullets. \"I gotta watch you die all over again.\" :What in hellfire? Forrest looked up briefly before returning to his vigilance of loading the rifle and with a hint of annoyance, muttered, \"Whatch you talkin' bout?\" \"I gotta find you lying in a pool of your own blood? Drag your damn body to my car? Drive you down to the hospital, your throat cut from ear to ear?\" Forrest started, and his head jerked up at the part about 'dragging him to her car'. He'd stopped his loading of the gun. : She drug me? But I… \"You did that?\" he managed to stammer as he stared, dumbfounded at his tiny, strong Maggie. \"I'm not doing it again,\" Maggie said as she fidgeted with the shawl around her shoulders, her voice shaking. :But I got there myself…Everyone said I walked. Forrest murmured in wonder, \"I thought I walked.\" Dazed, confused—something wasn't right—Forrest frowned as he looked at the floor than back up at Maggie. Bitterly, she retorted, \"And that's just like you, to believe your own damn legend.\" :That he couldn't die. That's why she's afraid. She saw me too close to dyin'. Couldn't take it, that's why she packed her bags to leave after that night. From outside, Howard called, \"C'mon Forrest, get a move on!\" :That night. That's when it clicked. He ignored his brother, instead focused the full force of his attention on Maggie. \"Wait minute, you came back here that night?\" Her eyes grew shifty and her face guarded; she nodded tersely in answer to his question. :The scar… Forrest paused in front of her room—just like he did every night—after he'd locked up and secured the money. Just paused in front of her doorway, building up the courage he didn't have. :Coward , he thought, but he never strayed from the trajectory back to his room. :Ain't got no business lookin' at her anyhow . That's what he told himself—not that it helped. She was beautiful, smart, and feisty, all in her own distinctive way. Fight and grace, spontaneity and sweetness—the same hands that could stab a man that tried to hurt her were the ones that carefully tended to a wound minutes later. And that smile on her face as she danced to her favorite song on the radio? It would be an understatement to say he was smitten. Feeling like a failure once again, Forrest made his way across his room and then undressed down to his undergarments. With a gusty sigh and one last look in the direction of the spare room where Maggie was sleeping, he slipped into bed. Sleep wouldn't come for a bit, so he lied awake, staring at the ceiling as he contemplated stepping up production on the shine, what would Maggie say if he told her he loved her, what he was going to do about Jack's newfound attitude, if Maggie would like going on a daytrip to the waterfall up in the mountains—no matter how much he tried to think about business, his mind always came back to her. :Always her, he thought. But then he was startled out of his musings by the creak of the floorboards in the hall, which announced someone's presence at his door. He lifted his head from his pillow and couldn't believe his eyes. There she was, standing in his doorway. No dressing gown, no clothes. Just her: perfectly, painfully beautiful. :Holy… Painful because despite his wildest fantasies, he'd never expected to see Maggie this way. It had been torment having her stay here the past few weeks, because even though he'd never wanted to leave her presence, he was constantly reminded of how he was too scared to try court her, let alone explain his feelings about her. Always there, but never in the way he truly wanted. :What's she doin'? \" You just gonna watch me forever?\" \" Umm…\" Up until this point, Forrest held the belief she'd been fast asleep when he lingered outside her door every night. :Shit, she's been awake? He laid stock-still in bed, trying to avert his eyes (though he was only mildly successful with that) and mumbled, \"Umm…Whatch you doin'?\" He was half-afraid to hear her answer. Then she was in the bed, under the blankets, straddled over him; Forrest still couldn't comprehend completely that this was happening. :If this's a dream, I better enjoy it, 'fore I wake up. After: he held her in his arms, breathing in the faint, flowery smell of her hair and listening to her light, rhythmic breaths. :Can' believe she's here . Forrest lifted his hand and began stroking her hair softly. Maggie looked up and gave him a sleepy-eyed smile, then turned and burrowed her face against his chest. Slowly, steadily, he ran his right hand over her smooth skin—learning her every dip and curve. They were both soaking up this moment: him in wonder that she was real, her basking in his adoration. Maggie was motionless under his ministrations, except when he hit a ticklish spot on her left side, just above the hip-bone; she let out a short giggle and squirmed under his hand. Forrest flattened out his hand on her skin, resisting the urge to see if he could get her to make that sound again. It was very tempting, but he continued what he'd been doing and slid his hand up along her side. That's when he felt the ridge over one her ribs. This ridge didn't conform to smoothness of her skin and he ran his hand over it, exploring with hands when his eyes would do him little good. The scar was bout four inches long, a half an inch wide. He raised his head, and in the faint moonlight, he could see a stripe—slightly darker than the rest of her skin—running underneath her breast. Forrest paused for a moment, and he felt Maggie tense slightly. He'd never ask her—it didn't matter—so it was up her if she wanted to share that particular story. She must have sensed his curiosity though and whispered her explanation. \" I fell off a horse into some brambles, back when I was kid.\" \" Hmph.\" Her voice had an odd, hollow quality, but he shrugged his shoulders slightly and pressed his lips softly to her temple, already moving on. :She has no reason to lie. His mild curiosity was satisfied, but somewhere in the back of his mind, Forrest thought the scar looked fresher, judging by the color. :But what do I know? Ain't no doctor. But he was Forrest Bondurant, and Maggie Beauford was here, right in his bed. She'd wanted this enough force his hand. He wasn't about to let an inconsequential scar ruin the night. Forrest didn't even remember standing up. In his mind, all he could see was the scar and her scared expression when she visited him in the hospital. \"They see you?\" Deep down, in the depths of his being, he knew the answer. But he desperately prayed for that gut feeling to be wrong. Maggie stood frozen, like the deer when he'd suddenly flip on the porch light at night in wintertime—that was almost answer enough. The heavy feeling in his chest blossomed, filling each of his steps with dread. His mind registered Howard yelling for him, but it was distant and not as important and all-consuming as what stood in front of him. \"Then what happened?\" \"Nothin'.\" Her response was a little too quick and lacking her usual spirit. There was a leaden weight on his chest, and he heard his voice go harsher. \"I asked you a question.\" \"I told you,\" she said, eyes downcast. From outside, the car horn started blaring. \"Look at me,\" Forrest commanded, feeling as though the world was crumbling beneath his feet. All along he thought he'd been protecting her from harm, but he'd really already let her down. Maggie's eyes were now resolutely shut, and several tears slid down her face of their own accord—without her uttering a sound. He tried again, \"Maggie, look at me.\" She drew in rattling breath and opened her eyes, staring straight into his. Forrest held her steely gaze and asked, \"What happened when you got back?\" With a stubborn tenacity and no tears, she fired back, \"Not a damn thing…Now you know—not a goddamn one of them bastards ever did a damn thing to me.\" Forrest couldn't say a word—he felt himself nodding in response—but in that moment he realized two things. First, that those two bastards had hurt her (and how he wished he could kill them over again, this time drawing out the process even further). The scar on her ribs was no doubt from the same knife that had slit his throat. Forrest didn't want to imagine what other atrocities they'd inflicted on her before leaving her to drag his body to the hospital. But the second realization was that Maggie was more resilient than he'd ever previously imagined. Forrest thought he'd needed to protect her, but now he could see from the fire in her eyes, that she was plenty strong for his world. By refusing to acknowledge what had clearly happened, Maggie was proving to herself, and him, that this wouldn't destroy her. A Bondurant didn't lay down for nobody. No matter how battered, how outnumbered—a Bondurant didn't back down from a fight, nor let anyone—or anything—keep them down. And Maggie, she wasn't a Bondurant in blood, but in spirit. As Forrest walked out of the bedroom, racking a bullet into the chamber, he vowed that as soon as he returned, he'd make her a Bondurant in bond as well. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Lawless and it's characters belong to Benaroya Pictures, FilmNation Entertainment, and "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Fire and Brimstone","Author":"orangerie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8846381","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I saw fire, fire and brimstone, comin' down, on my head\" 1. Bertha's whole life changed the day that boy looked at her. She felt his eyes from across the room— a hot, rough, hazel-eyed gaze that took in her cheekbones, her lips, the tendrils of hair that escaped her bonnet— but she didn't know how she felt about that look, coming as it did from Jack Bondurant. But she was on strings that night. Confused, she played on. That evening was one of her first socials out as a young lady. She was bound to enjoy herself, and that look that crossed the room, from a boy in one of the most notorious families in Franklin County, had nothing to do with it. But in the next few weeks, she found she couldn't ignore Jack Bondurant anymore. That day in the car, she was drinking a coke, but when he left— he and his snakebit smile— she found it hard to steady her hands again, her cheeks flushed. Paw warned her that boys were like snakes— they might look good, lying there in the grass on a hot summer day, but they were trouble, and she knew this one would be, perhaps more than most. The day he gave her that dress, she knew she had to marry him. It just wasn't the kind of present a boy from Franklin County bought a girl he was courting. It was fit for a wife. For a moment when she pulled the ribbon and the tie fell apart in her hands, she thought there'd be a wedding dress in the bottom of that box. No, there wasn't, just a day dress from the city, but that same hot, rough gaze studied her in the rearview mirror as she pulled on her new dress, the sunlight and fresh air tickling her naked breasts and back. 2. That was the day they killed Cricket. Bertha still couldn't believe that day happened, that a police man grabbed her by the shoulder and got her out of the way before they did what they did. Sometimes at night, she wished she'd stayed. Maybe in front of a young lady, they wouldn't have killed that boy. It tore her up inside, to see Jack at Cricket's grave, watching the casket as they lowered him into the earth. His brothers had left by then, with a last look at the congregation and precious few words to say. In that moment, Bertha loved Jack. For watching. For staying. \"That boy'll go after 'em,\" said her sister Jane, who was standing next to her, with a sigh and a shake of her head. Her sister looked up at Bertha beneath blond eyelashes. \"And you'll go after 'im.\" \"Hush, you,\" Bertha said, watching the boy's retreat. Jack wore a fine suit, he did, and even after everything that happened, she still wanted him. Her father's long, shabby arm barred the way before she could take even a step closer. 3. She didn't think of Jack again—or of anything, really, what was there to think of after Cricket died? That is, until the Bondurants shot that bastard Rakes. Then the town went back to normal for the first time in a long time. Well, not normal- they were missing too many faces at the tavern for things to be \"normal\" ever again. And all of Franklin County held its breath while Forrest Bondurant staged another miraculous comeback in the hospital. When his brother was finally well, Jack stopped by Bertha's house with a dozen yellow daffodils and a smile. When Bertha didn't answer the door— since that day, she'd been forbidden to— Jack hollered for Bertha's Paw, who answered the door with a rifle. \"I want to marry your daughter,\" Jack said, his voice ringing loud and clear into the house. The two of them, Paw and Jack, sat on the front porch, while Bertha and Jane watched from inside the kitchen window. Jack looked cool under fire, his hat dangling from his right hand, and leaning forward on his left knee with the other hand, but Bertha saw he was both easy and nervous, like a salesman trying to close a deal. Bertha didn't hear her father's words, but she didn't need to. No. Trapped inside the house, she listened to the roar of Jack's car on gravel as she stood behind the kitchen window and cried. 4. The next week, Jack Bondurant came to church for the second time in his life. Bertha's father almost pitched a fit in the middle of the service to get him thrown out. \"Them Bondurants are idols in this godless town,\" her father said, as angry as she'd ever seen him. \"But they cain't fool the Lord.\" His voice peaked at the word, \"Lord.\" But the rector was having none of that today. Instead he forced Bertha's father back into his seat. Then, at the end of the service, in front of the whole church, Bertha left her father's house to go live with her fiancé. She wouldn't be surprised if the church people still talked about Jack and Bertha, and about Alan Minnix who wouldn't let his daughter go. Even the most Christian old maids among them had nothing against Jack taking Bertha for a sweetheart— might have warmed their withered hearts, some of them. She'd lived with the Bondurants ever since. ","Summary":" \"I saw fire, fire and brimstone, comin' down, on my head\" 1. Bertha's whole life changed the day "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Can You Pleases Help","Author":"MrMrs-SiriusBlack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10329091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you are reading this thank you for taking the time to try and help me find this story. I don't remember loads of it but I remember a few bits of it if you know the story Please could you leave a comment I would real be very grateful. The parts I remember are : 1. Forrest is asked by a woman for a job in the station. He gives her the job. 2. The woman rents a small flat/apartment thing in town and is running out of money to pay for it because the money she had is done. 3. When Forrest finds out she can't afford the place she is living in he offers her the spare room at the station. 4. Forrest gives maggie a job thinking he would be helping her with the work load but she doesn't like maggie because maggie likes Forrest and flirts with him. Forrest end up firing maggie because she don't work and he notices that maggie and her don't get along. 5. Forrest and her get closer together he ends up buying her a locket she loves it but gets attack and the locket brakes Forrest takes it back to be fixed then gives it back to her. That is all that I can remember and I don't think it is all in the right order but I have been looking for this story for a while and can't seem to find it. I also can't remember the girls name that Forrest falls for, that's why I have her down as her/she in the point of the story I can remember. So if you do know this story Please Please leave a comment. Thank you ","Summary":" If you are reading this thank you for taking the time to try and help me find this story. I don't r"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"subtraction","Author":"partlysunny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8800613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] subtraction The first time she leaves, Forrest isn't entirely sure of what it is he's seeing, exactly. There is Maggie, of course, up too early, heavy bags under her eyes suggesting yet another sleepless night, the spark in her baby blues gone, snuffed out, as if it had never been. Her shoulders are weighed down by some invisible burden, her hands shake as she lights a cigarette and takes a nervous puff. And at her feet is a suitcase. Poking out of it is the sleeve of a red sweater. She hadn't even bothered to pack neatly, throwing everything in haphazardly. He looks between her and the suitcase and has no idea why they are together there in his vision, two things that should be separate, that had no right to be standing before him. \"I'm leaving,\" she says and she stares at him, waiting. He doesn't know what she's waiting for so he waits too. After a moment of silence, she takes another drag of her cigarette and exhales deeply, and she shakes her head, puts the cigarette out, picks up the suitcase and leaves. The screen door quietly closes behind her. He is rooted to the spot, staring at the space of old wooden floorboards where she had been standing moments ago. The sounds of her Ford coming to life, and then driving away, he hears as though from the other side of a long, winding tunnel. And then she's gone. Time passes and Forrest realizes that his legs are stiff and he really should move but he can't. Jack arrives, rubbing his eyes and sidestepping Forrest, going straight for the cooler. Howard comes in a few hours later, his eyes bloodshot and his face pale. He looks at Forrest for a good minute before pulling a jar full of clear liquid out of nowhere and handing it to him. Forrest accepts it and he takes a long, hard gulp. Fire burns through him, in his throat and down to his stomach, freeing him from the numbness he has been standing in. And with feeling comes the awareness that Maggie is not here anymore. She is probably out of Virginia by now. Probably thinking about getting a hotel for the night. He should have offered her some more money. Or at least offered to fill her car with gas before she left. A cold dread builds in his stomach, fills him like the drink in his hands, until he is sure that if he doesn't sit down, he will worry himself unconscious. As though reading his thoughts, Howard, the presence of whom Forrest had forgotten completely, grabs his arm and sits him down on the nearest chair. \"Maggie?\" The question comes out softly, quietly, at odds with the haggard look on his brother's face. Forrest grunts in the affirmative, and Howard places another jar of moonshine on the table before him and retreats. That night, Forrest gets as drunk as he has ever been in his entire life and passes out right on that chair. He awakens sometime in the night to the sound of the door of his room closing and is aware of his bed underneath him for a second until he passes out again. When he next finds consciousness, it is to a headache the scope and magnitude of which he will never be able to fully understand. Automatically, he reaches for Maggie, for a touch of her soft skin or a lock of her hair, for reassurance and comfort, for a smile or a glimpse of those blue eyes, but his hand falls on empty sheets and he remembers why he is so hungover. Next comes several days of numbness, an endless cycle of drinking, sleeping, waking up, nursing a hangover with more liquor, and then sleeping some more. His brothers do not question his sudden reclusiveness and he assumes they are running the shop but doesn't bother checking because leaving the room will destroy any of the detachment he feels. He is hyperaware of the room next door and that the sheets will probably still have her scent clinging to them but he doesn't enter it. He won't defile it with his inebriation, won't disturb the memories lingering in the dust coating everything. He won't destroy the haven she had made her own when the violence around her became so severe that she had to pack her bags and take off, because if she comes back, this is where she will live, and it has to remain just as it is. And she does come back, sometime later. Forrest doesn't know how long she has been gone but when he sees her in the doorway of his room, looking as fresh as a raindrop, he is suddenly out of his bed and pressing her against him without care of her fragility or delicacy and when he breathes in her scent, like cigarettes and old perfume and air and life, it's like she never left. . The second time she leaves, he runs after her and throws himself in front of the car so she has no choice but to come out and confront him. \"You cannot die right in front of my eyes and expect me to stay and watch you do it again!\" she yells, pounding on his chest with her tiny fists and it's so feeble a motion that he hardly feels it at all. \"I will not endure something like that again. I've said that before, but this time I mean it!\" He doesn't respond- all his energy is focused on standing upright, his walking stick tossed on the floor of the porch in his haste to reach her, to stop her. His broken leg aches, throbs, screams for him to sit down. This is exactly what the doctor warned him against. Words bubble on the tip of his tongue like champagne but he swallows them back and they leave a bad taste in his mouth. Maggie looks like she wants to scream but she composes herself and settles for a dry sob instead. Forrest wants to press her face to his chest and kiss her head and tell her that it's going to be okay, it's going to be okay, but she shoves him roughly and jumps into her car, her shoulders hunched as she braces herself. \"Move,\" she shouts. He won't. \"I will run you over, Forrest!\" He knows she won't and indicates as such with a raised eyebrow. And she bursts into tears, pounding on the steering wheel with such force that the entire car shakes. He stumbles to the driver's side, using the hood of the car for support even as it burns his hand from the heat of the motor underneath and the merciless summer sun above, and he reaches the window, his skin pale and clammy, his teeth gritted against the pain. He is sure he has stretched the stitches under his cast because hot blood trickles down his leg and maybe he really will bleed to death this time instead of halfway but Maggie has to be stop, he needs her to be stopped . \"You will die and I will be alone, and I can't take that,\" she chokes out. \"I can't watch you try to stretch that immortality shit, don't ask me to!\" He wants to say something but the words won't come out. He wants to say, \"I love you,\" and \"please don't go,\" and \"I will change,\" and \"what the hell do you even want from me,\" but all that comes out is a strangled grunt that doesn't convey anything except maybe irritation at the blatant betrayal of his own tongue against him. Maggie hits the gas hard and accelerates, half dragging Forrest with her. He falls onto his leg and is sure it is broken again from the blinding, hair raising pain it causes him, and he gets into his car and drives to the hospital to get it looked at and when he comes back home, he goes into her room and demolishes it. A voice in his head says to him, severe and insolent, \"This is what happens when you fall in love and this is exactly what you deserve,\" and it is right, he decides. This is what he has been protecting himself against and now he gets what he deserves for breaking this one rule that he has never broken for anyone before. Maggie gone is the worst pain in the world and he sits in the ruins of her room and basks in it, and he tells himself that this will never happen again. Two days later, Jack finds him in the office squinting at the ledger. He's taken to looking through it a lot lately. The numbers alleviate the turmoil inside. They're constant, reliable, consistent. Jack has to clear his throat to drag Forrest's attention from the numbers. He gives the boy an inquisitive glance, and immediately, Jack squares his chin and raises himself to his full height and says, \"Forrest, I am going to go ask Bertha to marry me now, and if I don't come back by nightfall, you should send someone to come look for me 'cause her father might've murdered me.\" Forrest thinks through the statement and of responding but Jack's eyes are hard and they dare him to tell him to back off, to reconsider. Jack is too young to be married, Goddamn it, but the youth will not back down and Forrest knows that. But he also knows the ache in his chest, the hollow cavity where his heart used to be before Maggie took it with her, and he thinks that if Jack has to go through that then he will die. \"Have you thought about this?\" he asks. Jack crosses his arms and nods firmly. \"Yes, I have, and I'm gonna do it, and you can't stop me.\" Forrest wants to say, \"You are an ass,\" but turns from Jack with a sigh and a promise that if he doesn't appear by nightfall, he will go look for his body. Jack comes back at sunset alive and well and brimming with a newfound confidence that Howard dims down with plenty of hard liquor \"for our own sakes,\" he says. Forrest grabs the opportunity and drinks himself asleep, and is roughly awoken sometime in the night when, he sees as he brings his face to peer past his slightly ajar door into the hall, that Jack has apparently decided to try and sneak Bertha into Maggie's room. They are giggling and whispering and shushing each other, and then there is a silence when Jack pushes the door open and they behold the wreckage of her room. \"What happened in here?\" Bertha's voice, small and diminutive, whispers. \"Forrest,\" Jack replies, and he closes the door. \"He's out of sorts. Maggie's up and left him again. Don't look like she'll be coming back, either.\" \"Why?\" Bertha presses. Forrest thinks that Jack will shrug and they'll drop the subject and go find another room to fool around in, but Jack surprises him with his response. \"He's too much for her,\" is the youth's reply. \"It takes a lot to watch him walk out the door, and even more to wait for him to come back, because he might not. He thinks he'll live forever, that nothing can kill him, so he can get reckless, and it did a number on Maggie's nerves. She used to be something. Now she's just... a ghost. Just waiting for someone to come tell her he's died.\" \"So she left,\" Bertha finished for him. Jack confirms with a nod. Forrest closes his door and hears them jump at the sound. And he tries to sleep that night but his youngest brother's words echo in his ears until the sun breaks over the horizon and he has to get up again. It's about a month this time, he knows because he's been scratching the days into the wall behind his bedpost where no one can see, until she comes back. His leg has set and healed, mostly, so he had them take off the cast because it itched, and he is trying to pull on a pair of pants when she suddenly walks into his room and sees him on one leg, in his underwear. She laughs, and then cries, and then she hugs him and they fall onto the floor and there's pain, a lot of it, from his leg. But there's a lightness he hasn't felt in a long time and that's all he really feels. . The third time, it's different. He can't dissuade her, or even try, because of the brace they make him wear around his neck and his concussion makes everything strange and dimmed, like he's drunk even when he's stone cold sober. Maggie doesn't even take everything, as though all she wants is to be away, gone, and clothes and accessories, none of that even matters. He watches her go from his window and then falls asleep, and when he wakes up, he searches the property for her for half an hour, even though the doctor specifically told him not to exert himself. Things are hazy, and he is disoriented, and twice through his search, he has to sit on something and remind himself what he is looking for. And then, an hour after he left his room, he goes back to Maggie's, the space still smelling like paint from when he had it remodeled, but there is the scent of perfume and cigarette smoke hanging to a sweater she left in her wardrobe and he holds on to it until his fingers are numb and the image of the sweater in his hands is crisp in his mind, thrown into sharp focus amidst the fuzziness of everything else around him. Months pass. He locks the door to her room and buries the key, and he tells himself she has died, but it doesn't work. Howard has a baby, and the little thing is so small that Forrest wonders how he could once have been like that. He watches Howard bring the child close to his face and it makes his chest tighten until he can't breathe, and he excuses himself from the ward with a grumble and goes outside for some air. He thinks about dying for real this time. He must have used up his nine lives by now. Maybe that's what Maggie really needs. Stability. Peace of mind. Not hanging over the edge of a cliff, between falling and not falling. If he dies, there is nothing more concrete, more stable, than that. Jack and Bertha have a little engagement party and Forrest leaves after twenty minutes because he can't take the sight of the two gazing at each other over the table. He sits out on the porch and rocks himself on the rocking chair and swigs from the bottle on his lap and feels his mind cloud with that welcoming haze. He digs the key out and sleeps in her room a few times, but wakes up early so no one can see him emerge from it. The ledger tells him business is picking up, but Prohibition will not last forever and Forrest begins to draft out alternative lifestyles. He likes looking at the ledger, at the simple math that will never change. Add something, the number will go up. Subtract, the number will go down. It is nothing like life, he muses, nothing like what he feels. Subtract one person, and a person a fourth his size, which in numbers would hardly be of any significance, and he is somehow less of a person. He is not a whole Forrest. He is a fraction of a Forrest, and it baffles him. Most nights, he lies in her bed and covers himself with her blanket and drapes the sweater over his face and thinks that she is damned and that the day he met her was a curse and that he would invent some contraption that would take him back in time and kick her right out when she came to ask for a job. She was a coward, he decided as he clutched at her sweater and tried to erase the image of her wearing it from his mind. She was a coward and whatever she was doing right then, it wasn't living, because people couldn't make a life from just running whenever something went wrong. And with a start he realizes that he would do it again, just as before, if he could go back, because she was the bane of his existence just as she was the best thing that ever happened to him. And he still hasn't wrapped his mind around that when she comes back, snow collecting in her hair as it falls in earnest outside. She is blown in with the draft she lets in when she opens the door. He wants to throw the ledger on the floor and run to her but the room is full of people so he waits for her to cross it and sit beside him at the table. \"I'm back,\" she says. Her eyes are alight, the sparkle is back. He hasn't seen it in so long that for a while he was terrified he'd forgotten what they looked like, when they weren't ringed with dark circles and dulled with worry. She is different, more alive than he has ever seen her. She has discovered something too. She cut her hair, he hears that everybody's doing it now, and he reaches forth to touch a curl that dangles over her forehead teasingly. \"I went back to Chicago, but it wasn't the same,\" she tells him. She reaches into her bag and pulls out a navy blue lump of knitwear. \"I got you a new sweater. I know how much you love those horrible things.\" He doesn't even spare it a glance, his eyes on hers, his hand tangled in her hair. She looks like she wants to say something else, but her mouth closes and tears like diamonds glitter in her eyes and she whispers, \"I'm back, Forrest.\" \"You are not to leave me again,\" he whispers, and once that is out, the rest follows like a dam in him has broken and everything he has ever wanted to say is finally coming out in one, shining moment. \"To make sure you don't, I will marry you. That's that.\" A laugh bursts out of her mouth and fills the air around him like the scent of the land just before it rains. \"Alright, then, let's get married.\" He gives an approving grunt, and sits back to better take her in, and then flattens the tire of her car while she's asleep, just to take leaving out of the equation. But she doesn't leave again, and he doesn't almost-die again for at least another year, and he thinks that it's just simple math, Maggie added again, only there's nothing simple about it. And that is perfectly okay. ","Summary":" subtraction The first time she leaves, Forrest isn't entirely sure of what it is he's seeing, exact"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Two Left Feet (ForrestMaggie)","Author":"linkthehylianhero","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8871518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two Left Feet The radio had been on a lot more with Maggie Beauford in the house. She claimed that she wasn't used to the quiet of the country just yet. And if there was anything she missed about the city it was the music and the dancing. When certain songs came on she would talk of the memories they brought up. When she danced to it and who with. Forrest never really liked to hear about the latter part, but he knew just how hypocritical he would sound to voice it. He hadn't danced with Maggie once, even when she asked him to. He was stuck between having a reputation to keep with his brothers and not wanting to completely embarrass himself due to the fact that dancing was never his strong suit. So he always just shook his head with a grunt and went back to whatever it was he was doing. But this night was different. Jack and Howard were both out, stirring up who knows what kind of trouble, leaving Maggie and Forrest alone for the evening. It was peaceful for once, Forrest had to admit. But there was always something about being alone with Maggie that terrified him. More than getting his throat slit, more than being shot at. But it was a kind of terror that he wasn't sure he wanted to be rid of. It was as if she found her way into his bones and made it hard for him to function. It was hard for him to hold her eyes for more than a few seconds at a time without feeling like she would find out what affect she had over him. As if she would know that she had a complete hold on him. He was so far wrapped around her finger that he couldn't figure out where he began or ended. The clink of silverware on plates filled the silence between songs and occasionally Maggie would take a break from her food to lean her head back, close her eyes, and smile at a song that began to play. Forrest had to look away every time she did that. \"Oh, Forrest, this is one of my favorites,\" she said. Forrest stood and took their empty plates in hand, wondering just how many favorite songs a woman was allowed to have before they were all just normal songs again. But something about the way she said it made him believe it. He took the dishes to the sink, debating whether to wash them then or later. He heard Maggie's chair scrape against the floor, her heels start to move, the floor creaking beneath her in time with the music. That's when he decided to wash the dishes then and there. With luck, he could prolong the process until the song was over and she had had her fill of dancing. But he should have known that Maggie was not avoided that easily. \"Wash them later,\" she pleaded. He could feel her dancing her way over to him. Felt her hand on his arm, where his sleeve had been rolled up. Those fingers that had once been city-smooth were now slightly calloused from her new job. She trailed them down his arm to his hand that almost twitched at the contact. \"Please Forrest. I haven't ever danced to this song with anyone before.\" That's when his heart hammered against his chest and he looked to the dishes. He shook his head, letting out a low grunt. But he would have given anything to be able to look at her and simply say 'okay'. But it wasn't that easy for him. Maggie had a patient, half-smile on her face as she looked up at him, and for a long moment, neither of them moved or said anything. But then she reached out and took the plate from Forrest's other hand, setting it gently back in the sink. Then she slowly turned him to face her. \"Of all the men in my life, you're the only one I've truly wanted to dance with, yet you're the only one who doesn't want to dance with me,\" she said simply. She made voicing her mind look easy. But it was harder than hell for someone like Forrest. \"That ain't it,\" he mumbled, looking anywhere else but at her. \"Then what is?\" she asked, straightening out a wrinkle in his shirt as if it was nothing. As if the contact didn't make his heart skip. \"I don't dance is all. I got two left feet. I'd only make you trip.\" Maggie laughed and Forrest eyed her for a second before looking away again. \"That's all?\" she asked, smiling widely. \"Oh Forrest, I don't mind! Besides, it's just you and me. And I doubt you're as bad as you say you are.\" Forrest shook his head and heard the song end, and suddenly he wanted to kick himself. A slower tune took its place. He was about to turn back to the dishes when Maggie said, \"I've never heard this one before. Must be new.\" Then she gave him this look from under her lashes and he knew that he would not be able to deny her anymore. \"Please, Forrest?\" Forrest swallowed and did not reply. She took the absence of a grunt as a yes and smiled, taking his hand and pulling him into the middle of the kitchen. He was awkward as she placed his hands where they needed to be, and even more so when she stepped close. He almost pulled away then, scared that her closeness would make him step on her. But her smile held him and when they started to move she said, \"You're not so bad,\" in a quiet, relaxed voice. Then she leaned in to rest her head on his chest. It was hard for him to not see how small she was compared to his own frame. He was afraid that he was holding her too tight or perhaps not tight enough. And suddenly his mind was racing, reminding himself how perfect Maggie was and how imperfect he was. How he must seem so uneducated to her. Why on earth did she chose to stay? Forrest's mind had been running so fast that he almost didn't realize that the song had ended. What snapped him out of it was the pressure on his cheek where Maggie placed a kiss. He looked at her, her light eyes looking back. Her smile was gone, but there was something else written on her face in that moment. She leaned up and placed another kiss to the corner of his mouth. And for all the time he spend avoiding her gaze, he made up for it then, because he simply could not look away this time. \"You're a good man,\" she said to him, as if she knew he needed to hear it. Her eyes wandered from his own to his nose, his lips, back to his eyes before she placed a hand on the side of his face. Her thumb ran slowly across the stubble there. And then Maggie kissed him. And he was not fool enough to pull away. She wrapped her arms about his shoulders and his hands were left on her back. He was suddenly aware of everything that made her unique in that moment. The smell of her perfume, her silk shirt beneath his hands, the texture of her lipstick… Maggie pulled away first, her eyes opening slowly, her chest heaving slightly. Forrest eyed her, waiting. She broke into a smile. The corner of Forrest's mouth twitched slightly and he finally tore his gaze away and dropped his hands. He turned back to the sink then to turn on the water. But he knew washing the dishes would only have to be an excuse to get out of dancing when his brothers were around from then on. ","Summary":" Two Left Feet The radio had been on a lot more with Maggie Beauford in the house. She claimed that "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Should Have Been","Author":"TheCritter91","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8641067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Should Have Been thecritter91 Characters: Maggie, Howard, Forrest, Jack **Basically my idea of why Howard wasn't there for Forrest, ending up with Forrest getting his throat sliced open. Enjoy! I should have been there Howard thought, taking another mouthful of the jar of whisky. The forest was quiet around him as he sat next to the still, keeping watch out for intruders. The only sounds were the birds chirping and the bugs buzzing, while the light breeze weaved through the trees, rustling the leaves slightly. He felt his eyelids grow heavier and his body sink lower to the ground. He had been awake for the last two days, doing anything he could to keep himself from closing his eyes. Each time he saw Forrest laying there in the snow, his throat sliced open; his hands clenching the skin together desperately trying to keep the blood inside his body from escaping, eyes wide in fear and desperation. He could see the men grabbing him and holding him down while one took a crude, unsharpened knife and hacked at Forrest's bared throat. He could hear the laughs as Forrest struggled. He could feel the bite of cold metal against his skin as Forrest was held against the hood of the Ford. The wet of the snow as it melted against Forrest's heated skin. Howard jerked and spilled the whisky all over his hands as his large body was wracked with tremors. His right hand came up to scrub at his rough face, realizing that his body had betrayed him and let the exhaustion overtake him. Hot, wetness met his dirty fingers as he pulled them back and startled with the knowledge that he had tears running down his face. Before he could even think to stop it sobs wracked his body, hard shudders causing his left hand to again causing the ground below him to end up being the one to consume the whisky. It was my fault he thought tears never stopping as he pictured Forrest in that stark white hospital bed, skin clammy and paler than the gauze protecting his neck. He remembered when Mama had had Forrest, she laid in the bed sweaty and exhausted, holding the red, wrinkled, screaming bundle against her chest. As Howard had come into the room. As he had taken the small child into his young, thin arms she had smiled a tight smile at him This is your younger brother she had said he's yours to protect and take care of, you are his older bother . When the squalling babe had calmed by his touch, all Howard's young mind could hear was He's yours . His dark eyes had stared into those wide blue eyes that stared back at him in wonder. Soon the babe had fallen asleep, as had Mama and Howard did nothing that day except for sit in the rocking chair in the room and hold Forrest. Even while he had been at war, he knew that he would get back home because Forrest was his to protect. He finally got home as the Spanish Flu was filling graves, Forrest laid up in bed as he fought the thing that had killed Papa and Mama. Then when they went into business dealing with whisky, Howard was there to protect Forrest and Jack. Even as he was constantly with a jar of the drink in his hand, he knew that he could protect his brothers. Forrest depended on him to be there, for whatever he needed. And Howard was always there whenever Forrest called. Howard knew that Forrest kept him close for the purpose of having someone close as well as for added protection. Because while Forrest would never say it, even if he could, he was just as susceptible as anyone to get lonely. But when Maggie from Chicago showed up at Blackwater Station, her red hair pulled back and her blue dress clean, Howard knew something had shifted. Suddenly Forrest wasn't just his anymore. Maggie could get Forrest to talk more and stumble over his words at the same time. He saw how Forrest's eyes tracked her as she made her way around the room, refilling people's coffee. He saw her teasing smile as she moved Forrest's hat from the table to the chair, her smile growing as he grumbled and moved it back. All of a sudden Howard was just the brawn, drunk older brother who's only real use was as the muscle. So when Forrest had told him about the meeting with the out-of-towners and said that he needed Howard there just in case, Howard had felt something in him crack. So had drank more than intended, just desperately wanting to bury the feeling of uselessness that he felt. And it ended up costing him more than he could imagine. When he had stumbled home and gotten word that Forrest had been attacked, his throat sliced open, and that he was in the hospital Howard had felt that crack grow. He and Jack had sat on the bench in the hallway for hours, both their bodies jerky in their movements. The doctor had let them in to see Forrest and he thought he was ready for the sight. Forrest had never looked so helpless, even when laid out with the Spanish Flu. His hazel eyes were bright and rimmed by red lids while his face was paler than the sheets around him. The gauze around his neck stained red from the blood that was still seeping through the sown together flesh. But it wasn't the blood stained gauze, the hopeless white of the room, or the pallor of Forrest's skin that cut him. It was his eyes. Those eyes that were trained on him, accusing, questioning, and hurt. Forrest was ignoring everything else around him as he stared at Howard, almost begging for an answer to the unvoiced questions. Jack was yammering on and on about Forrest's impossible walk from Blackwater Station to the hospital and about getting back at the men who had hurt his brother. Howard felt like his skin was going to crawl right off of his body. You were supposed to be there Forrest croaked, his voice broken and rough like sandpaper. His eyes never left Howard's. Jack stepped back and looked between them in confusion, trying to put together everything that went said and unsaid between his older brothers. Howard finally couldn't take it and fled the room, not stopping until he got to the old Ford and headed back home. Home where he could drown himself and the feelings in a jar of whisky, hoping to never resurface. Home where he could forget about the looks between Maggie and Forrest, forget about his broken promises. Forget about those accusing, hazel eyes staring through him. Ignore Jack's indignant squawks about things that he knew nothing about. Forget that Forrest was no longer his . Forget that I should have been there . **Alright, so I almost feel like there is a hint of one-sided Howard/Forrest here if you squint and I totally didn't intend for that, but oh well…. Hope you enjoyed it. ","Summary":" Should Have Been thecritter91 Characters: Maggie, Howard, Forrest, Jack **Basically my idea of why "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Elephantine","Author":"typhoidcandy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9463669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Elephantine. There's a large tree in Franklin County. Huge tree actually. Its trunk was about the length of a car. In fact, the town's people fondly dubbed the tree Elephantine . It was a common challenge among the town's people to climb the mammoth tree. No one ever made it to the top. They were either too frightened to go any higher for the tree was far higher than most of their buildings, or they became too tired to finished the climb. Not to mention the dangers of climbing a tree in the first place—some people have fallen and become seriously injured. One person even died. The tree became a bit of a frightening challenge then. People outright denied the childish challenge. Some even called Elephantine cursed, that no one would ever reach the top. It wasn't meant to be. Arlene was ten years old when her brother Jason dared her to climb up ol' Elephantine. She had always been headstrong and stubborn, that Arlene Fager. Being the youngest child with three older brothers, she always felt the need to prove herself. Her mamma did her best to raise a proper little girl, but since the moment she could walk, Arlene followed her brother's around like a lost pup. So when Jason dared her to climb up Elephantine, she walked over to that tree with sturdy feet, head held high, and a determination in her eyes that had everyone stepping out of the girl's path. Despite being the one to initiate this, Jason had practically begged Arlene to come down as she began climbing the massive trunk. He knew very well that word was going to get to their mamma and then they were both in for hell. But Arlene climbed and climbed, and she didn't stop. She didn't stop for nothing. Not when her mamma came along and hollered up at her, not when the Sheriff came demanding her to stop, not when the sun sets and the sky begins to turn dark. She didn't stop until she was at the top of that tree. Ten-year-old Arlene was the first person to ever successfully climb to the top of Elephantine. That very fact had the girl lifting her arms up and cheering in victory as she straddled on a branch. Her cheering had become louder when she heard the cheers of the town's people who gathered (minus her mamma and the Sheriff) to watch her climb. It was the girl's proudest moment and she didn't regret a damn thing, not even when she got a stern talking to from the Sheriff or when she returned home and got a hard spanking from her mamma. Fifteen years later, Arlene was a significantly different person than her ten-year-old self. Some of her dearly departed mamma's lessons had stuck with her and she became more ladylike. She wore dresses, fancied up her dark wavy hair, and painted her face with some make-up. Yet that stubbornness never left Arlene Fager. Her determination to prove herself never disappeared. And she's still the only person to ever climb the top of massive Elephantine. Not to say no one ever tried after her. Many people tried climbing the top of that tree. After all, if a ten-year-old girl could do it, why couldn't they? But not one of them had her determination. Determination was Arlene's motivation in everything. Such as winning over Howard Bondurant's heart. Everyone thought her crazy when she set her eyes on Howard—when she began talking and visiting that mentally deranged Bondurant. Even her brother's demanded she stay away from the man, telling her that he wasn't right in the head. That there was something wrong with that alcoholic. Hell, even Howard warned her about himself! Arlene didn't listen. She never did. She had made up her mind on what kind of person Howard was when she saw him in the hospital after his brother Forrest had his throat cut and even after the shootout on the bridge. She determined how guilt-ridden the man was—that he took his brother's pain and suffering and made it his own. She saw how much he hated himself that he was left untouched while his brother's were filled with bullets. She saw, as she volunteered at the hospital, how he would much rather be in a hospital bed dying rather than have his brothers in that position. She saw it and she wanted to soothe him. She wanted to make all of that pain go away. She wanted to take his pain and soothe him. She was determined to do so. Arlene had never believed in fate or love at first sight. Those were fairytales that silly little girls clung to, and she had never been a normal girl. But the moment she had seen tired and pained Howard refusing to leave that hospital until his brother's left, she knew that she loved him. Did she think herself a foolish child for thinking such things? Of course, but since the moment she laid eyes on Howard Bondurant, he never left her mind. Not once. As she passes by ol' Elephantine now, grocery bag in her arms, she thinks on how much that tree was like Howard. Like the eldest Bondurant, it was large, intimidating, and even a bit frightening looking. But Arlene had never been afraid of this tree, and she was not one bit afraid of Howard. \"Well, if it ain't little miss Arlene Fager.\" A voice slurred from behind her. Arlene rolled her eyes as she turned to face Bobby Westling and his two friends whose names she never cared to remember. They were two years older than her, her brother Jason's age. Jason hated them. They were troublemakers, these three. \"There something I can help you with, Bobby?\" She asked not bothering to conceal her annoyance. The man smirked, as did his friends. She resisted the urge to roll her eyes again. They looked like a bunch of idiots. \"You gonna make some dinner for your dirty Bondurant boy?\" He asked nodding towards her grocery bag. \"Somebody's gotta feed the ol' drunk, right?\" Arlene didn't dignify that with an answer and she began walking away from him and his cronies. \"Come back 'ere, Fager. I ain't finished talkin' to ya!\" Bobby yelled but she kept walking. \"Oh, I get it. You in a hurry to fuck your dirty ol' drunk!\" Arlene swiftly turned and glared daggers at him. \"You watch your filthy mouth, Bobby! You're a grown ass man!\" She yelled back to him, and she felt like a fool because this is exactly what the creep wanted—a reaction. Bobby and his friends laughed. \"Oh, so sorry, miss Arlene.\" He said sarcastically. Arlene's look was deadly. \"Come on now, girl, I'm jus' playin'. Relax.\" \"You're disgusting.\" She said after a long moment of just glaring hatefully at him. She started walking away again. \"Oh, look at you. All mature and thinkin' you above everybody else. You ain't all the, Arlene!\" Bobby called out to her. \"Bet you can't even climb ol' Elephantine anymore!\" That stopped Arlene completely in her tracks. She tells herself to walk away, that this isn't worth it, that she's an adult and not some little kid trying to prove a point. But she turned back slowly towards Bobby and his two equally idiotic friends. There's that crazy determination in her eyes again. \"What… what did you jus' say?\" She questioned in a voice that somehow didn't sound like her own. Bobby was smirking again. \"Ya heard me, girl.\" And something in Arlene snapped then. She dropped her grocery bag to the ground without a care and she stomped towards Elephantine with such purpose in her step that just like fifteen years ago, the townspeople got the hell out of her way. She hiked up her dress to her knees and tied it in a knot behind her back to keep it in position. She began to climb the base of the trunk with ease. Once again, Arlene was going to prove this whole damn town wrong. There was no obstacle in the world that could stop her. Arlene Fager was strong and she was determined. It's what drove her to get exactly what she wanted in life. Howard Bondurant was the type of man who liked to forget. He wanted to forget about the war, his parents, the fateful night Forrest's throat was cut, Cricket's death, and the bloody day on the bridge. He just wanted to forget it all. A nice jar of moonshine helped with that—at least for a moment. Lately, it wasn't just blood or death he attempted to rid himself of. Mostly it was Arlene Fager these days, though she was a ray of sunshine compared to what's usually on his mind. But he wanted to forget. He needs to forget that sweet smile, those warm chocolate eyes that seemed to look right into his soul, that melodious voice that sounded like a soft song, those dark tendrils of hair that seemed to fall in front of her face no matter what she did to keep it back, and oh, he just hand to forget that creamy skin that was tanned from too many days in the sun. He needed to forget about that damn woman because she was distracting! Not to mention he was beneath her. So completely and utterly beneath her. The woman deserved so much more than a useless drunk like him. And he had told her just that, but did she listen? No. She still adamantly tried making conversation with him every time she saw him, still came to the station for lunch when she knew he would be there, still smiled that damned tantalizing smile at him! He had no damned clue what a woman like her wanted with a man like him. And he didn't want to think about it. He wanted to forget about it. He wanted to forget about Arlene Fager. Which was exactly why he was downing his fourth jar of moonshine as he watched over the station while Forrest and Maggie were out doing 'errands'. However, it seemed that it didn't matter how much moonshine he consumed—Arlene was face that refused to leave his mind. It made sense, he supposed, she's as stubborn as an ox. \"Goddamn, woman.\" He muttered slamming the jar down onto the counter, startling a man who was eating there. Howard made no apology. It was just then Jack bursted into the bar shouting, \"Howard! Howard!\" \"I'm right here, Jack. Lower your damn voice!\" Howard growled at his little brother. Jack rushed over to the bar, nearly colliding with the man who was sitting there trying to eat his lunch. He was trying to catch his breath and say something at the same time. Howard's patience was running thin. \"Boy, breathe first then talk.\" He stated sternly. Jack does as he's told and caught his breath before chirping on again. \"It's your woman, Howard! She's climbing to the top of ol' Elephantine!\" \"How many goddamn times do I have ta tell ya that Arlene ain't my wo—wait, she's what!?\" The eldest Bondurant shouted, Jack's words finally sinking in. \"Yeah, Bobby Westling dared her or somethin' and now she's climbin' the damned thing!\" Jack confirmed with wide eyes. It was common knowledge that Arlene Fager had climbed the tree once before, but she had just been a kid then! Howard didn't need to hear anymore. He ran out of the station and shouted to Jack to watch over it and then shouted something about that 'goddamn idiotic woman'. Howard drove into town as fast as his car could take him. He was almost afraid that he would destroy the engine, but that was honestly the farthest thing from his mind as he slammed the car in park by ol' Elephantine. He saw Arlene half way up the tree and he saw Bobby and his friends looking up at Arlene with amusement. And then he saw red. \"Ya son of a bitch!\" He roared jumping out of the vehicle, storming menacingly towards the now frightened man. \"Mother fucker, what you think you're doin'?\" He yelled grabbing Bobby by his shirt collar and lifting his arm up to punch him. \"Howard, stop!\" He immediately froze when he heard Arlene shout down to him. He shoved Bobby into his friends and stepped away, turning his attention to the brunette in the tree. \"Arlene, what in the hell you doin' up there?\" He shouted at her. He can't comprehend why she's in this damn tree. \"I'm climbin' the tree!\" She called back down, giving him a strange look. She thought it was pretty obvious what she was doing. \"I can fuckin' see that, woman!\" He yelled frustrated. He could already feel the massive headache coming. \"What the hell for?\" Arlene pursed her lips. \"I'm tryin' to prove a point to that idiot.\" She said nodding to Bobby. Howard glared daggers at the man in question, to which Bobby slowly backed away. \"What the fuck you need to prove to this jackass? He ain't worth the damn time.\" \"You wouldn't understand, Howard.\" She responded after some contemplation before climbing again. \"Arlene, come down!\" He shouted, but she doesn't listen. She never did. Howard ran a hand through his hair roughly and paced the bottom of the tree like a lion waiting for its dinner. He doesn't understand what point she's trying to prove by climbing this old tree. He knows she's done it before when she was child, but he doesn't understand why as a grown woman she was climbing Elephantine to prove a pint to some idiot and his friends. Only the morons of this town tried climbing this tree, and most of them ended up in the hospital. And the last thing Howard wanted was to see sweet Arlene in a hospital bed—especially over something so stupid! Yet there wasn't much Howard could say to stop her. Arlene was a stubborn woman and the moment she set her mind on something, there's no stopping her. And it's then Howard realizes that she's never going to leave him. That realization hits him hard and he paused in his pacing. Arlene wasn't going to leave him no matter what anyone told her, no matter how hard he pushed her away. She saw something in him. Something that no one except maybe his brother's saw—and she wanted it. She wanted him. And everyone in Franklin County knew that Arlene Fager always got what she wanted. Howard would never understand it—how anyone but his family would want him. But Arlene wanted him… and he damn well wanted her too. It took him to this very moment to finally admit that to himself. He always knew he wanted her—Arlene is a beautiful and fiery woman, he would question the sanity of any man who didn't want her. And that's all those men could do now—want her. Because the moment Arlene came down from that tree, he was making her his . He already belonged to her. He realized now that he belonged to her the moment she said hello to him in that godforsaken hospital after the bridge incident. When she not only checked on his brothers, but on him as well. When she made sure that he ate everyday that he was there. When she draped a blanket around him after he fell asleep by his healing brothers. Arlene already had him before either of them knew it. His thoughts are interrupted when he heard cheering. He looked up to see Arlene at the top of Elephantine and now the crowding townspeople were cheering for the woman's victory. Howard let the faintest smile spread on his lips. He's still pissed that had done something so foolish. It takes Arlene a total of twenty-eight minutes to climb back down the tree. Howard counted. She lost balance once nearly falling and giving the eldest Bondurant a heart attack, but she had managed to catch herself and merely cut her hand and scraped her legs some. She jumped to the ground once she reached the bottom. Howard was immediately storming up to her and he tried to ignore how damn beautiful she looked even with her hair all askew, dress incredibly rumpled, and knees scraped. She raised her hands up in defense. \"Now, Howard, I know you'r—mph!\" Her words are muffled when he grabbed hold of her face and crushed his lips against hers. Arlene has only been kissed twice before in her life. Once when she was a young child, and that's exactly what it was—childish. Then once when she was a teen and it was sloppy that resulted in her getting a cut on her bottom lip. Neither of those kisses could ever match up to this. Howard kissed her like she was the only woman in the world. Like if he didn't kiss her, his life was going to be empty and meaningless. It was the best damn kiss she's ever received and she easily got lost into his touch. The kiss didn't last long enough for her however, because Howard pulled away when he heard the impatient coughing of the Sheriff. \"What the hell you want, Sheriff?\" He questioned the stuttering man angrily. He did not like being interrupted. Especially considering what he was doing with Arlene. \"Miss Fager, I… you know you can't be doin' things like that!\" The Sheriff sputtered at the woman earning a harsh glare from Howard. \"I'm gonna have ta take you down to the station,\" the Sheriff smartly takes a step back when Howard moved forward, eyes blazing with fury, \"next time. The next time you do that, I… I have ta take you down.\" Arlene glanced between the Sheriff and Howard, who had taken to standing protectively in front of her. Gently, she rested her hand on the tall mans shoulder and she smiled softly. \"Understood, Sheriff. It won't happen again, promise.\" She told him in the most reassuring voice she could muster, and it wasn't simply for the Sheriff, it was for Howard too. As the Sheriff nodded and made himself scarce as to not bring out the fury in Howard, the eldest Bondurant turned back to Arlene and grabbed her face again, this time gently. \"Don't you ever do that again, ya hear?\" He told her firmly and she saw it all now. She saw that lingering worry in his eyes, and she thought she saw fear as well. She smiled softly and nodded in his hands. \"I hear ya, Howard.\" As Howard took hold of her hand and lead her away from the damned tree, Arlene wondered if maybe she should climb up ol' Elephantine more often if these were going to be her results. A/N : So, this was pretty much my interpretation of who Howard's wife could have possibly been. I don't really know where this came from, but it just hit me and I needed to write it. I've been thinking about making this into a series of one-shots, but I wanted to see how people felt about Arlene first. Please feel free to leave a review and let me know what you think. Thank you! EDIT : I fixed things up a bit on this so the format was only in once tense, past tense. I apologize if it's still a confusing format for anyone. Disclaimer : I do not own Lawless or any of it's characters. ","Summary":" Elephantine. There's a large tree in Franklin County. Huge tree actually. Its trunk was about the l"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Travellers","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9175669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Despite Mick's fears that she might have found another man since they parted under such dramatic circumstances, Evelyn has never forgotten the man she met on a tiny Pacific island. When she finds no trace of him after the war has ended, she is devastated and seeks refuge in her work. I have chosen \"Cordell\" by The Cranberries as this chapter's soundtrack. It's all in the lyrics. Once you ruled my mind I thought you would always be there And I'll always hold on to your face But everything changes in time And the answers are not always fair And I hope you've gone to a better place Cordell Time will tell They say that you've passed away And I hope you've gone to a better place Your lover and baby will cry But your presence will always remain Is this how it was meant to be? You meant something more to me Than what many people will see And to hell with the industry Cordell … Time will tell Time will tell We all will depart and decay And we all will return to a better place A big thank you to my friend Frannie for letting me borrow Bert for this story! We'll meet again Don't know where, don't know when … I hastened my step, eager to get out of the hotel lobby with its tinkling piano, away from this song that seemed to haunt and mock me wherever I went. I had no idea why it had become so popular in times like these, with so many widows and orphans around, so many bereaved siblings and parents and friends, so many who were never going to meet their loved ones again because the war had claimed their lives or their fate remained unclear and might never be discovered. I couldn't imagine those words, sung to such a jolly tune, would give much hope or comfort to people who had been waiting in vain for a sign of life from their missing beloved, who braved the mundane reality of their daily grind with a pasted-on smile and a stiff upper lip to hide the gaping painful void in their hearts. People like me. It was not as if I hadn't done all I could. I had scoured the lists of the dead and the wounded, called on the Red Cross for assistance, kept my eyes wide open wherever I went, but there was no sign of one Michael Carpenter, last known residence Kiriwina in the Trobriand Islands. From time to time, a man would catch my eye, because of his height or his hair or the way he walked, but it was never him, and I finally stopped getting excited at fleeting similarities that would only leave me disappointed at second glance. As soon as the war had ended and travelling the seas was deemed safe once more, I returned to the island, presumably to get my notes and photo prints to complete my manuscript. Or so I told Lance Talbert, my editor. Retrieving my notebooks, however, was of course not the main reason why I wanted to go back. The truth was that I had the book as good as finished even without referring to my notes, as all the details were still very clear and vivid in my mind. It had virtually written itself, flowing from my mind in many late-night sessions at the brand-new typewriter I had bought to replace the faithful old thing that I'd had to leave behind on the island. Once I'd have picked up the material I had buried in the forest near the village before I had gone into hiding myself, all I would have to do was compare my current draft with my old notes and select some pictures for the book's photo section. I went back there because I wanted to see how the natives were doing and if anyone remembered me, and, what was so much more important than anything else, to search for him. Mick. My saviour, my friend, my love. I needed to find a trace of him, anything that would help me get him back. Was it asking too much that he should still be living there? I had been so heartbroken when I realized that he was not coming along to Australia at all. I could still feel the desperation of that moment, that icy fear that had gripped my heart when I saw him row away from the launch that had picked up John MacGregor and me to take us to safety. My first impulse had been to jump after him, and I would have if John hadn't held me back. I had cried and raged and cried some more all the way to Port Moresby. By the time we got on the steamer to Sydney, I could rage and cry no longer. During many endless, sleepless nights, and long talks with John, whom our lengthy journy had turned from the stuffy missionary who used to eye me rather suspiciously into a good friend, I had come to understand that Mick would have felt a need and an obligation to stay on until the end. After all, the island was his home. It might not be the place where he had been born but the place he had chosen to live and come to love. So there was some rightful hope I'd find him there, although I had never received an answer to the letters I had written. Who knew if they had ever reached their destination at all. They might just as well have ended up to the bottom of the ocean when one of many mail ships went down, or they had got stranded when the mail service to the islands was shut down altogether due to the war, with all the hostilities going on in the Pacific waters and all the Westerners officially evacuated. Despite my occasional doubts and the repeated disappointment of my futile search, I refused to believe the reason for his silence was either that he did not care for me any more, or that he had fallen victim to the war. I knew that the islands had taken some minor shelling, but I told myself he'd have survived, hidden away in his cave. He must have survived. I wanted, no, I needed him back. Those long months of missing him so terribly that it hurt me physically, of wanting to scream in horror and frustration as the memories of him began to lose some of their clarity, of dreaming we had been reunited only to wake up to another empty morning, they must not have been in vain. There must be a second act for us in this play of life. Fate had obviously decided otherwise. I was greeted with reluctant friendliness by the native women I had met in what felt like another life. To my dismay, they were all wearing Western clothes now, and many of them proudly told me that they had seen the light and converted to Christianity. I didn't like the fact but kept my mouth shut. And then, after I had gone to dig up the little metal strongbox that held my notes and photos, I asked my native guide the question that had been burning on the tip of my tongue ever since I'd arrived. \"What about the trader man, Mick Carpenter? Mister Mick?\" The young man gave a little shrug and hesitated. \"They say there's grave … in the forest, on another island.\" \" A grave\", I repeated tonelessly, my heart turning stone cold in my chest. I had him take me there on the same afternoon. He led me through the jungle to a pompous grey headstone crowned by a cross. It didn't actually prove anything because it had no name on it, but that did not occur to me at the time. To me, the nameless marker confirmed my worst fears and shattered all my hopes. I wanted to ask a thousand more questions – what had happened, how he had died, why he was buried here and not on the island that had been his home. But all I could do was weep. I sank to my knees, clutching at the silent, indifferent stone, and I sobbed like I had never sobbed before in my life. I grieved not only for Mick himself – his beauty, his kindness, his calm unobtrusive presence, his graceful movements, his endearing little chuckling laugh – but also for the second chance we had been denied, for the life we should have shared, for the future we should have had. That goddamn war had destroyed everything, and I was left with just a stack of manuscript pages and a few photos to speak of happier days. I didn't even have a proper picture of him, no good portrait whatsoever, nothing but a few rather blurry snapshots of him sitting on the beach with a little basket of pearl shells nestled between his crossed legs in those old navy-blue shorts he'd used to wear every time he went out \"pearlin'\", as he called it. Sobered and bereft, I returned home and buried myself in work. I was largely unable to sleep and there was nothing that could actually take my mind off having lost Mick and with him all hope of a happy future, so I wrote, re-read and re-wrote almost day and night. Lance was surprised at just how quick I was to hand in the finished manuscript and in turn managed to get the book published astonishingly fast. Bert, my agent, had planned and organised a presentation tour that started end of November. My account of living among an indigenous tribe famous for their outrageous sexual behaviour caused quite a ripple in the feuilletons and seemed to have all the makings of a best-seller. I made the news each town I went on my circuit and was thronged by thrilled readers and curious journalists after every reading I held. I liked the attention of my readers, the questions they asked, the praise and sometimes also the little criticisms they gave me, whereas the journalists seeking to interview me made me uncomfortable. All I had wanted to say was there, on the book's pages, in the photos I had chosen. What was not in there was nothing I wanted to share with the crowd. Most of the journalists were obsessed with the fact that a young woman like me had lived among \"sex-crazed savages\". I got asked questions I'd never have dreamed of. Some just didn't seem able to get their heads around my never having been involved sexually with any of the native men, and at one occasion, I actually flew into the face of one – male – journalist who kept inquiring tactlessly about intimate details of both the natives' and my own life. He tried to laugh it off brashly and only left when Bert intervened, discreetly authoritative. I was furious for the rest of the evening nevertheless. The tour was also taxing in its monotony - moving on every other day, giving the same introductory speech, reading the same excerpts, showing the same slides over and over again. Sometimes I couldn't even remember where I was or where I'd be going next. It kept me busy, though. In the evenings, I was usually too knackered to think a lot about what had been, or, worse, about what might have been. But still, against better knowledge, my heart leapt in my chest and my stomach gave a little jolt of excitement a few times as a tall, well-built man with dark wavy hair came into view, a sensation unavoidably followed by the bitter pang of letdown when I saw that the face was too round, the eyes the wrong colour and shape, the nose broad and chunky, not classically long and straight. I eyed myself critically in my hotel-room mirror now, not particularly fond of what I saw, sighed and started to touch up my face. Carefully applied make-up would hide the shadows under my eyes, and a dab of blush would make my complexion appear less pale. A touch of lipstick added more colour, and after I had unpinned and redone my hair, I left the small suite in the surprisingly lush little hotel and took the lift downstairs, glad to hear that the pianist had moved on to play a mildly interesting classical sonata that didn't strike any chords with me. I walked through the lobby quickly and stepped into the street to find it was raining and rather cool for the time of year. I debated whether to return to my room and fetch my umbrella but decided against it, as I didn't have much time to spare and there was a car waiting for me right outside the door. And Bert might be inclined to give me a ride back to the hotel afterwards anyway. Hopefully he wouldn't be in one of his chatty moods and invite me for a fancy dinner, as he liked to do. I just wanted to get this afternoon's reading over with and have a simple meal in my room. No three weeks into my tour, I was already getting tired of it.[Chapter 2] Mick has hesitantly decided to go attend Evelyn's reading, but he doesn't put any big hopes on it, still taking a rather dark view at his life. This chapter's title song is \"Roll Away Your Stone\" by Mumford & Sons. … ' Cause you told me that I would find a hole Within the fragile substance of my soul And I have filled this void with things unreal And all the while my character it steals Darkness is a harsh term, don't you think And yet it dominates the things I see It seems that all my bridges have been burnt But you say that's exactly how this grace thing works It's not the long walk home that will change this heart But the welcome I receive with the restart Darkness is a harsh term … \" We'll meet again Don't know where, don't know when But I know we'll meet again some ... um ... rainy day …\" Amelia was singing in a low voice as she held my uniform jacket out for me to put on. \"Could you please stop this?\" I asked irritably. \"Sorry. I know, I can't carry a tune in a bucket.\" \"It's not that\", I said. \"I just don't think this is going to be all romance and roses and happily ever after. We're not gonna ride off into a movie-screen sunset in the end. Who knows if she would want to see me at all. I still don't know if it's a good idea that I'm going.\" Amelia took a deep breath and exhaled loudly, ostentatiously unnerved. \"If that's what you think, Carpenter ... I think it is a very good idea. That's all I'll say.\" She looked me up and down and added, \"Lookin' mighty fine, Corporal. She'd better be happy to see you.\" I rolled my eyes and finished buttoning my jacket before shrugging into my overcoat. No, I was not at all sure if this was the right thing to do. But neither could I have passed up this opportunity to see with my own eyes that she was alive and well, to catch a glimpse of her lovely face, her fiery hair, her sweet smile this one last time. For this was the deal I had made with myself: I would take the train to Cleveland and attend her lecture, but I was not going to step forward and make direct contact. I'd just sit in the back and leave everything up to her, secretly hoping she would not notice me. Chances were that she wouldn't immediately recognize me with the uniform and cap on and my greying hair freshly cut and neatly parted, Army-style, when the Mick she might be looking out for was a big bronzed adventurer type in a colourful shirt, with no dress sense to speak of, black curly hair perennially messy. As for the pearl, there would certainly be some ticket seller or usherette or whatever kind of helpers they had around at these events. I'd simply leave my little envelope with one of them, trusting they'd be honest enough to pass it on. I patted the pocket of my jacket to double-check that I had the carefully wrapped Teardrop from the Moon with me and got up to leave, thanking Amelia for looking up the train connection and the location and time of the presentation. Now all I had to do was get into my cab to the station and board that train. It was my first time out and about after the surgery to remove the splinter, and I would have enjoyed this bit of freedom if it hadn't been for the tight knot of apprehension in my stomach that made me feel almost sick. All those what ifs swirling in my mind, all those doubts. I'd almost changed my mind and toyed with the idea of simply having the cab driver turn around, but I knew Amelia would give me flaming hell for chickening out, and even if it hadn't been for her, I still had a little bit of self-respect left. I might be a cripple but I certainly was not going to be a coward, too. So I got on the train, glad that there was no one else around on the platform who could have seen me as I struggled up the steps awkwardly and dropped into the next best seat, somewhat out of breath, my pulse unpleasantly quick as my lack of exercise during the past weeks made itself sorely felt. Sitting back, my head cocked to one side, I stared blankly out of the window for most of the short journey, trying to think of nothing, occasionally touching the small package in my pocket. The assembly hall was not far from the station, just around the corner in fact. It was a dreary place, musty-smelling, white paint flaking off the wall in some spots. The rows of uncomfortable-looking wooden chairs were still entirely unoccupied. There was a young woman in a brown dress hovering near the entrance who looked at me with a ready smile and asked, \"Can I help you, um, sir …\" Obviously, she had wanted to address me by my rank but couldn't because my overcoat covered up my insignia. \"I'm here for Evelyn's … for Mrs. Spence's reading\", I said. \"I know it won't start until three, but I've been wondering if I might sit down already.\" With a hasty compassionate glance at my turned-up trouser leg and the crutches, she nodded eagerly. \"Yes, yes of course, feel free.\" She waved an inviting hand at the chairs. \"Take your pick.\" I settled for the edge of the last row, close to the exit, which would enable me to leave quickly and quietly if I felt the need, and took off my coat, draping it over my lap so my missing leg wouldn't be immediately visible. I had no wish to attract too much attention. I spent what felt like hours contemplating vaguely continent-shaped water stains on the wall beside me while the hall gradually began to fill with people. Nobody took much notice of me. The only person I spoke to was the fortysomething woman who greeted me politely when she sat down to my left. And then, suddenly, there she was. She must have come in through the side door towards the front of the room and was now standing by the table stacked with books that had been set up as her stage. The first thing I noticed was that her hair was much longer than I remembered it, stylishly pinned up at the back of her head, and that she looked very grown-up in her grey tailored suit and white blouse. This wasn't the spoiled young thing, almost a girl still, who had come to the Trobriands with her head full of ambitious dreams of academic success and fame. She was beautiful as ever, but in a much more mature way now. She had become a woman. I watched and listened in astonishment as she opened her presentation with a short introduction of herself and her book and then started to read excerpts in a clear voice that carried effortlessly through the large room. She spoke of the natives and their traditions and beliefs, of her own feelings and experiences as she immersed herself more and more in their culture, of her husband and the missionary and Commissioner Stevens, and of an American ex-pat pearl trader who had once taken her along in his boat when he went out diving. I smiled a little wistfully when she read that scene. Only she and I knew that it hadn't been a generous offer on my part. I hadn't wanted to take her. She had simply gotten into my boat and refused to leave. With every word from her mouth, with every minute that went by, I got more convinced that I shouldn't have come. I had thought seeing her this once to establish that she was alright would help me let go in the end, but to be so close to her and yet to know she was out of reach had the opposite effect on me. I wanted her. I wanted her so much that my heart ached and I felt all feeble, so much that for one moment I feared I was going to faint there and then before I managed to pull myself together. I wanted her so much and yet I knew it could not be. It was not for me to force myself upon her. I'd be more of a burden than anything else. What was more, I still did not know if she was with anyone, if she had long before moved on from where we had left off. No, this was the end of it. I would give the pearl to the young lady who had welcomed me earlier and get the hell out of here, with the image of the poised, earnest beauty speaking so confidently in front of her audience burned indelibly into my mind. I would carry it with me as a proof that she had survived the war and was doing fine, a bittersweet souvenir of happier times, a symbol of what could have been if it hadn't been for the war. She finished her presentation by showing a few slides, which she accompanied by clipped, precise explanations, then an elderly man who was probably her agent came forward, thanked the audience for coming and said anyone who wished to speak to Mrs. Spence or to have their books autographed were welcome to do so now. A long line formed immediately, and I kept an eye out for the young woman in the brown dress but couldn't find her anywhere. Well, then I'd give the pearl to that agent fellow instead. People were moving ahead, slowly but steadily, and I rose, making my way to the front of the room beside the queue, keeping my head down in case Evelyn should look into my direction. I hung back for a moment when I had come to the front row of chairs, waiting until she was deep in conversation with a young couple. By the time I dared advance further, the agent was also engaged in a chat with a formidable-looking old lady. Afraid Evelyn would detect me as soon as she was finished talking to the couple, I decided not to wait until he was done. Instead, I pulled the envelope from my pocket, pushed it into the corner of the table unseen and hastily set off for the exit. A chilly drizzle sprayed my face on my way to the station, and not a minute after I had entered the bleak, smelly waiting area, a heavy downpour broke loose. I slumped against the dirty wall behind the low hard bench, utterly worn out. My leg ached badly despite the painkiller I had taken before I left, and a headache had begun to lock my temples into its vicelike grip. I took off my cap, shoved it into the pocket of my coat and ran a hand through my cropped hair. No need to play the dashing corporal any longer, no need to hide. Everything had gone according to plan. I had been spared the confrontation I had feared. She had not recognized me. If I was honest, I didn't know if I liked the fact. I didn't know what I wanted any more. Pressing my fingertips into my temples, I tried to ease the pulsating pain, but to no avail. I closed my eyes for a while, hoping for the tempest within me to abate. Of course it did not. I heard a train clanking past and consulted my watch. It was too early to be mine, which was only due in ten minutes, but I had better go outside well in advance. I'm in no shape today to run after my train, I thought and almost laughed when I became aware of the absurdity of it. I was not going to run after anything ever again. The rain was still coming down in windswept sheets, and I kept to the back of the covered platform, leaning heavily into the crutches. I was cold in a way not entirely due to the weather, and I was hurting all over. My head was throbbing ever worse, the leg seemed to be on fire, and my shoulders were drawn and tense from carrying my full body weight on the crutches all day long. I remembered the cigarettes in my coat pocket and hurriedly got one out, fingers trembling as I put it between my lips and fumbled to light it. I smoked greedily, hastily, but it tasted of nothing and didn't do anything to soothe me. Through the rush of the rain, I heard the sound of footsteps approaching. I threw away the cigarette butt and slowly turned around, particularly maladroit on the crutches in my frozen, pained, shaken state. What I saw hit me in the pit of my stomach with a shockwave greater than that of any bomb or mortar shell. Evelyn. My old self wanted to break into a run, to sprint across the platform to sweep her up in my arms. That being impossible, I wanted nothing more than to hide from her sight. But from the way she stopped dead in her tracks, I knew she had already glimpsed me. So I simply stood and waited, both desiring and dreading the moment she would realize that the spent and broken figure in the corner, weakly holding on to a pair of crutches, was me.[Chapter 3] Journeys end in lovers meeting. - Shakespeare, Twelfth Night Who could say it better than the Bard? A long and winding road comes to an end for both Mick and Evelyn. It remains to be seen if this will be the beginning of a new journey for them, but at least for the moment, they are finally in each other's arms again. Into my arms (Nick Cave) I don't believe in an interventionist god But I know, darling, that you do But if I did I would kneel down and ask him Not to intervene when it came to you Oh, not to touch a hair on your head Leave you as you are If he felt he had to direct you Then direct you into my arms Into my arms, oh Lord Into my arms, oh Lord Into my arms, oh Lord Into my arms, oh Lord And I don't believe in the existence of angels But looking at you I wonder if that's true But if I did I would summon them together And ask them to watch over you Oh, to each burn a candle for you To make bright and clear your path And to walk like Christ in grace and love And guide you into my arms Into my arms … But I believe in love And I know that you do, too And I believe in some kind of path That we can walk down, me and you So keep your candle burning And make her journey bright and pure That she will keep returning Always and evermore Into my arms ... \"That yours?\" Bert had got up from where he'd been sitting in the now-deserted front row when, finally, the last attendees had left and was pointing at a small cream-coloured envelope, half hidden from view behind the stack of books in the corner of the table. \"No\", I said, bewildered and surprised. I had no idea where it had come from, but I reached for it nevertheless, curious to see what it was, and opened it with flying fingers. It bore no address, but inside was a small package and a slip of paper addressed in neatly inked letters. No, not actually addressed. It did not have my name on it. The two words it said instead made the earth move beneath my feet. Your Winnings. The package was wrapped in gold-flecked tissue paper of the kind I had only ever seen in one place. \" This is from France … They say you know a trader by his paper.\" \" What does this say about you?\" \" Payin' too much for my paper!\" Yes, I recalled Mick's knack for this rather expensive French tissue paper to wrap his pearls with, a little quirk that did not quite square with his otherwise so simple and modest lifestyle. I knew what the little package contained even before I opened it. And there it was, a large, perfectly shimmering pearl, tumbling to and fro on the French paper stretched taut in my shaking hands. I jumped up, scrunched the paper around the pearl and pushed it safely into my pocket as I took off running. Bert called something after me, but I didn't listen. Could it be true? Could he be alive? Or had he instructed someone else to help redeem our bet as a last token of our friendship and love in case something happened to him? I hurried into the bus station a few doors down, but nobody had seen a tall dark-haired American. Next, the pub on the corner. I flung open the door, frantically scanned the room and was already retreating when the barman asked in a puzzled tone, \"Can I help you, love?\" I ran through the pouring rain, down the road to the train station, through the station building and out onto the platform where I paused for a moment to catch my breath and to look around. The waiting room was empty, and so was the covered platform. Or so I thought. I was about to double back and admit defeat when something caught my eye and I craned my neck to see past the pillar that was in my line of vision. There was someone waiting for his train after all, someone I could ask whether he had seen anything that might help me, a tall man in a bulky grey overcoat. He was facing away from me, but even so, there was a palpable air of sadness about his bent figure. With a pang of sympathy, I became aware of the crutches he was using and of the leg that ended way above the knee. Another of those poor devils crippled by this damned war, I thought mournfully. At that moment, the man turned around, slowly, gingerly, straightening up a little in the process. It was clear that he was not well used to the crutches. He must have lost the leg quite recently. I felt another stab of pity and regret on his behalf, thinking how terribly hard it must be to get used to living with this kind of injury. His posture was that of an old and tired man, but I was dead sure he was still quite young, a serviceman whose survival of the carnage in the battlefields had come at a horrifying price. I raised my eyes to look at his face, to see if I could be right. A small, shocked gasp escaped me as our gazes met. As long as I shall live, I will never forget those eyes, so large and dark in a face grown pale and thin, those poignant, tormented eyes, so utterly changed, more expressive than ever but entirely deprived of their former ironic sparkle. I dashed across the platform, never minding my heeled shoes, only to stand helplessly before him. I wanted to throw myself at him in the embrace I had craved for so long but didn't dare to, since he looked so frail and so unsteady on his crutches that I was afraid I'd knock him over. Instead, I reached up and laid a hand on his cheek, wordlessly, lovingly. For a moment, he did nothing but look into my eyes with this expression of unspeakable sorrow before he let his face sink into the palm of my hand and kept it there for a few heartbeats. I ventured closer, our bodies almost touching, and rested a hand on his chest, as if to convince myself he was really there, weary and wounded but miraculously alive. He shifted a little, cautiously keeping his balance, and gently seized my upper arm, pressing it lightly, as if he, too, felt the need to make sure I was real, while he repeated my name over and over and then said in a miserable choked whisper, \"I'm sorry, Evelyn. I'm so terribly, terribly sorry.\" I looked up at him, into those darkened soulful eyes I had thought I forever lost, and replied, \"Don't say that, Mick. Please. There's nothing to be sorry for. Absolutely nothing. You are alive. You are here. That's all that counts.\" With that, I wrapped my arms around his neck and rested my head against his chest. I couldn't hold back tears of joy and shock and sadness, and he simply tried to hold me close as best he could. Neither of us moved when a train pulled into the station and out again. After a long while, he kissed me on the forehead and murmured, \"So you did write your book.\" \"Yes\", I said with a funny squeak that was a cross between a laugh and a sob as I let go of his neck and put my hand on his shoulder. I needed to touch him, feel him. It still seemed so surreal. \"Yes, I did. And … you? What … ?\" \"I went to war after all\", he answered my unspoken question. \"Did my bit, as they say. Played my part, earned my stripes, lost my leg. Actually, I'm still in the army.\" Only then did I realize that it was a uniform jacket he was wearing underneath his shapeless coat and recognized the typical olive-drab colour of the shirt and tie. \"So what are you doing here?\" \"Went to a book presentation and missed my train\", he said with the faintest smile. \"I'm still in the hospital in Brisbane, out on a day pass. Got to be back by eight, or else.\" He raised a sarcastic eyebrow that was very much like the Mick I used to know. \"Come, then. We can have dinner at my hotel, and I'll have someone drive you back afterwards. It's not far, just a few minutes' walk from here.\" Which probably meant it would take him a quarter of an hour or more, I thought ruefully the same instant, remembering how slow and deliberate his movements had been earlier. I wanted to ask him if he actually could walk that far, but I feared he'd take it as an insult and remained silent. \"Are you sure? I mean, don't you have any … other obligations tonight?\" His face had lit up at my proposal, but his voice was doubtful. \"How could I, Mick? There's nothing that can keep me from being with you now.\" \"Well, then let's go.\" So we set out on foot, which indeed turned out to be a bad idea. The rain had diminished to a fine mist, but Mick's trousers and my nylons were soaked in a matter of seconds nevertheless from sloshing through huge puddles. When Mick almost slipped on the slick wet cobblestone outside the station, catching himself just so, I stopped, peering at him anxiously. \"Are you alright? We should get ourselves a taxi after all.\" \"I'm fine, I'm fine. Don't fuss too much over me. I'll manage. I can walk.\" \"No. This is not the moment to be brave\", I said decisively, for it was clear to see that he was in rather bad shape. I surely wasn't going to have him walk half a mile in the rain just to do his pride justice. \"I know very well that you can stand a shower of rain, but I'm definitely not marching you through this weather.\" I walked over to the ticket office and asked the lady behind the counter to ring for a cab. As I returned to his side to wait for the cab to arrive, it was evident that the almost-fall was giving him trouble despite his efforts to downplay the episode. The telltale white around his mouth as he clamped his lips tightly shut to bite back the fright and the pain betrayed him. He didn't comment on the car taking us straight up to the hotel entrance, but he did look relieved that he wouldn't have to walk farther than necessary. Upon arrival at the hotel I realized I had left my handbag at the assembly hall. Hoping the friendly receptionist might be kind enough to help me out with some cash, I told the driver to wait and quickly went inside. Bert was sitting in the lobby and rose abruptly when I entered. \"Where have you been ? You didn't even take your bag with you when you went off in a mad rush, so I thought I'd bring it here. I thought you'd have to show up here sooner or later.\" He handed it over, appearing slightly miffed, and added, \"And I was wondering whether you'd join me for dinner?\" \"Thank you, Bert, but not tonight. I have something else to do. I'll explain to you later. First of all, I've got a cab to pay. The driver must be thinking I'm trying to pull a fast one on him. See you tomorrow.\" \"Uh, Evelyn, won't you …\" Bert's perplexed voice trailed off behind my back as I hurried outside to pay off the driver and to pick up Mick, who had meanwhile got out of the taxi and was looking rather lost as he was waiting under the canopy outside the front door. \"Come upstairs with me. I prefer having a quiet meal in my room. The restaurant gets so crowded in the evenings.\" We rode up in the lift, and I unlocked the door to my little suite and said, \"Make yourself comfortable. I'll be with you in a minute, I just want to get out of these wet stockings.\" I went into the bedroom to put on some comfy slacks and a soft off-white knit sweater, loosened my hair and towelled it dry. I didn't pin it up again, just treated it to a few brushstrokes and returned to where Mick had installed himself in the big armchair. He had taken off his coat but left his uniform jacket on. How foreign he looked in his formal attire, his unruly hair cut short so accurately and sprinkled with bits of grey that had not been there among the black wavelets when I'd last seen him. No wonder I had not taken any notice of him at the presentation. I recalled now that I had detected a uniformed soldier in the last row, but he had not fitted the picture I'd had in my mind and therefore been dismissed as irrelevant. It was not just the unfamiliar clothing, though. It was his face, his expression, the way he held himself. He must have been through unimaginably hard times that had not only taken his physical wholeness but also a good part of his self-confidence and his zest for life, and the spark of dark humour in his eyes that had once allowed him to view everything with a slightly derisive, ironic distance. I wondered what horrors he had witnessed in the war and what dreadful incident had claimed his leg, and his peace of mind. I knelt down by his chair and reached for his hand. It was cold, which saddened me somehow because he'd always seemed to have a warming fire burning inside. I remembered how he had touched me when he had come to make me leave my cage, walk a few steps, eat something. His hands, his whole body had always felt warm, even if the tropical nights got cool for once. I ran my thumb over the back of his hand, taking in all the small details, admiring its beauty. I had never seen more beautiful hands in anyone - large and strong but perfectly shaped and so graceful when they moved. He raised our entwined hands to his lips and gently kissed the back of mine. I got up to sit on the armrest of the chair, leaned into him and tenderly laid my cheek against his, seeking the corner of his mouth, shivering a little as our lips touched and teased and finally locked in a kiss. I felt one of his hands in my hair at the nape of my neck, the other on my back, caressing me ever so softly. \"I love you, Evelyn\", he whispered hoarsely. \"I don't know if it's any good any more, but heaven knows I love you.\" He paused for a second, then added, \"God, I thought I'd never say that again. Now tell me what you've been doing all the time.\" I filled him in on my uneventful life after my return to Australia and on all the brouhaha about my book, and he listened attentively, watching me eagerly as I spoke, occasionally asking a question. Talking about myself so much made me feel guilty, and I tried a few times to get him to speak of the war and its aftermath, but I could see he did not want to. His jaw tightened, and his eyes grew narrow and dark and pained when he shook his head for the last time and said, \"No, Evelyn, I can't tell you about it. It was hell on earth, that's all I can say.\" \"I didn't want to prod\", I said. \"I'm sorry. Of course you don't need to talk about it if it's … hard for you.\" He nodded without a further word. To fill the ensuing awkward silence, I said, \"How about something to eat now? What would you like?\" \"Oh, yes. I haven't eaten since breakfast, and I'll be happy to go along with anything you order.\" I picked up the telephone on the end table by the sofa, dialled Reception and asked them to send up a light meal for two. \"Wine to go with your dinner, ma'am? A light white, perhaps?\" I was about to agree, but as my glance fell on Mick's face, I remembered something. \"Um, no. Make that some well-cooled beer, please.\" \" Beer, ma'am?\" The receptionist sounded almost shocked. \"Yes, beer\", I said impatiently. \"You have beer, don't you?\" \"Yes, yes, of course\", the man hastened to assure. \"Good for you\", I retorted a little testily. \"Please send a few bottles up along with the food.\" I turned to see Mick was watching me, and his somber face broke into a faint grin for the first time. \"Got used to the taste?\" he asked, obviously recalling the same moment I had been thinking of – how I'd had the first beer of my life in the evening of a hot summer day we had spent out on the reef with his crew of native pearl divers. I grimaced. \"Not quite. But I thought I might give it another try, to celebrate the occasion.\" Not much later, a knock on the door signalled the arrival of a waitress with a heavily laden tray. It was almost too much for the small coffee table, a bowl of soup for each of us and generous portions of cold meat and pickles and bread, and of course the beers. I expected Mick to tuck in heartily as he had always done, but although he had professed to be starving, he didn't do much more than pick at his food once he had emptied his soup bowl, and while he drained one of the beers rather quickly, he left the other bottle untouched on the table when it was still half full. He asked about some of the natives he'd been close to while we ate, and about John MacGregor, who I told him had gone back home to Britain and still wrote me the occasional letter. \"He'll be delighted to hear of you\", I said. \"He never fails to ask if I got any news of you.\" \"Does he?\" Mick sounded rather surprised. \"Never thought he liked me a lot. Well, maybe except for those last two weeks or so, when we kept him safe in the cave. Do you remember how he scared us when he suddenly showed up down there?\" For a while, we lost ourselves in the reminiscence of those days long past, basking in the golden glow of nostalgia that made even the war-ridden time we had spent holed up in our makeshift shelter in the cave appear desirable, maybe because amid the shelling and the fear, opportunity had beckoned from afar, a promise of better and happier times to come. All of a sudden, he winced and clutched at his forehead in apparent agony. \"What is it, Mick?\" I asked, alarmed. \"I don't know\", he moaned. \"I've had a headache all day long, but now it feels like my head's going to explode any second.\" His face had gone even more pallid, and he sank back in the chair, looking terribly exhausted. After a moment of pained silence, he wanted to know what time it was. \"Half past six.\" \"Damn. I'd better get going, or I'll never get another pass\", he muttered, his eyes narrowing again with another attack of the pain. \"You're not going anywhere when you're feeling like that!\" I told him resolutely. \"Can't you phone the hospital and say you'll stay with me? Don't you think they'd make an exception this once?\" Something crept into his eyes at this, something guarded and apprehensive. \"I'll sleep on the sofa\", I hastened to add, a little sadly. How I would have loved to spend this first night with him, feel him near me without the barrier of clothes. But I was fully aware that his disability must make him feel rather uneasy about the prospect of physical closeness and didn't want to push. Not that it mattered to me, horrified as I might have been at first to find he had been so grievously wounded. I was sure I'd never be put off by the sight of his damaged leg, sure that it wouldn't change anything between us, but I sensed that it would take time until he was ready to open up to me in this respect. A lot of time. \"Thanks\", he whispered cheerlessly, covering his face with his hands. \"Boy, I feel like shit.\" He was so poorly that he didn't even object when I said I'd I make the call to the hospital on his behalf. I demanded to speak to Nurse Heffernan as he had told me to. She was very kind and cooperative when I explained the situation, and from the way she didn't seem surprised at all I had a feeling she knew part of our story. Hanging up, I told Mick everything was fine. He was massaging the muscles in his shoulder, trying to ease the tension that was giving him the splitting headache. \"Let me do that\", I suggested. He took off his uniform jacket, and I began to knead the hard, knotted muscle strands, noting with a stab of regret how thin he was. All I felt under the olive-drab shirt that hung about him too loosely was skin and bones, and with his jacket off, I saw how tightly he had cinched his belt around his waist to hold up those uniform trousers that also seemed too big for him. I didn't think my treatment had much of an effect, although he claimed it did. He still looked totally beat when I stopped, and from the way he squinted, the light seemed to hurt his eyes. \"Why don't you go lie down for a bit?\" I said. He appeared about to protest, but in the end he only nodded and weakly said, \"Sorry for all this. It's really not what I should be doing now, take a nap like an old geezer.\" He pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes shut for a second. \"But I'm no good for anything right now. My head is killing me, and you see that I generally haven't got my strength back yet. You turn into such a sissy when you can't do anything but lie around for weeks and months. Travel a few miles and you're all knocked out.\" He said it lightly but his discontent and frustration were obvious. \"Do you … mind if I sit with you for a while?\" I asked tentatively, not sure if he would want me to. He had always needed a certain amount of privacy, which would probably be even more true now that his body had been so brutally altered. \"I don't mind at all\", he said. \"It's good to know you're there.\" After he had removed his tie and settled down under the covers in his shirt and trousers, I got the small overstuffed chair from the corner of the room and sat beside the bed. He was lying with his eyes closed and his breathing shallow and regular, and I simply sat watching him, motionless, my legs tucked up under me. There was a twinge of guilt in my stomach at the sight of his grey face, his newly sharp features, his cheekbones sticking out bladelike, his eyes underlined by dark circles even as he was resting from the day's exertion. He had not told me much about his leg, but he had mentioned that it hadn't even been half a year that he'd been wounded and that he had needed some small additional surgery just a couple of weeks ago and had not yet fully recovered from the procedure. The short train trip must have been a hard, exhausting journey for him. Contemplating his prostrate figure, I wondered what had he seen and done and felt, what had he been through in all those months when I had been safely home, in perfect health, writing, missing him, feeling sorry for myself? He looked so changed, so weary and desolate, so different from when I had last seen him, on that early morning when he'd put me and John on the ship and vigorously rowed back to the island over the black nightly sea, a distinctive broad-shouldered outline against the dark sky. Some time tonight, he had apologized profusely for casting me away like that, his eyes anxiously pleading, and I didn't think he had entirely believed me when I said I did not bear him any grudge, that I had come to understand that he'd only done what he had thought he must do to protect me. I felt tears welling up again, both for the joy of having him back alive against all odds, having him here with me, stretched out on my own hotel bed just a few inches away, and, even more, for the pain of seeing the man I loved, this strong, confident, beautiful man who had been the rock I clung to when everything seemed to get too much for me, so badly wounded and defeated. Would he let me be his rock now? One thing he certainly had not lost was his pride. He had never been one to accept help easily, and I wished fervently that he would allow me to help him regain his strength and confidence, that he would give us a chance. I was not sure he would, regardless of how much I wanted him to. I knew that his show of stubborn bravado when he almost fell outside the station had only been a small taste of just how firmly he held on to his pride and independence, particularly at this low point of his life. With a heavy heart, I studied his quiet face, searching for traces of the old Mick. There was the small scar above his lip and the other that cut through his eyebrow. There was the lovely dark curve his long lashes formed when his eyes were closed, the classical beauty of his long straight nose and the beard shadow around his cheeks and sensuous mouth. Yes, it was still the face that had become as familiar as my own within the few months we'd had together, despite the hollow cheeks and the pallor and that awful army haircut. Looking closely, I spotted a tiny speck of red below the chin where he must have nicked himself shaving. This touched me oddly, and I leaned forward and traced the angular outline of his cheek and chin very gently with my finger. His eyelids fluttered, and for a fleeting moment, a small smile touched his lips. I decided to take it as a good omen. Maybe there would be a future for us after all. ","Summary":" Despite Mick's fears that she might have found another man since they parted under such dramatic ci"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"Letters and Phone Calls","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10617880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jess is still pursuing her search for Mick and very much hopes she will finally succeed. Indigo Home by Roo Panes is the song I chose to go with this story, as it also speaks of longing for an absent beloved person (even if the beloved person in question certainly has eyes of a different colour!) Dry eyes, roaring falls, God knows I've travelled far, so far, But this is where it ends Found me, right about the time that I found you, For once, I was doing something right Night fell, you were asked. Are you lost in paradise my love, or have you found a home? It's an awfully lonely road to walk alone, But as I searched your flashing indigo eyes, it echoed true That I loved you, That I loved you. Dawn woke, I knew that it was time for my return, But this time it will likely hurt as hell, Sometimes way across the ocean on a far away shore, We both stand and we both call, both call. If you give love and live long, then you'll never be alone, If you give love and live long, you you'll always have a home, If you give love and live long, then you'll never be alone, If you give love and live long, you you'll always have a home. Are you lost in paradise my love, or have you found a home? It's an awfully lonely road to walk alone, But as I searched your flashing indigo eyes, it echoed true That I loved you, That I loved you. We were lost in the fields trading tales of home, But everyone knew that your gaze was my home, We were lost in the fields trading tales of home, But everyone knew that your gaze was my home. After she had posted her letter to Australia, Jess could hardly eat or sleep and sometimes wondered how she managed to concentrate on her work and not make some grievous mistakes. She spent as good as every waking minute thinking about her brother, about where he might be, what he might be doing, how he earned his living and whether he had a wife and a family or was still the solitary kind of person he had always been. Often, she wondered about his wartime experience, feared the injury that had kept him out of battle until it ended had done him permanent harm. Was he alive at all, or had his wound ultimately killed him, rendering her search and her rekindled hopes moot? She so wanted to believe Oliver when he said, \"He needn't have done anything worse than step into a hole and break his leg to be laid up until well after the war ended. That was what happened to Patrick, and you know he wrecked his ankle and was out of action for almost four months.\" It was a sensible view to take, but she couldn't quite shake the dreary assumptions this little voice at the back of her head kept whispering and the images it conjured. And it wasn't just the physical aspect that bothered her. She had seen so many vets whose personalities had been utterly changed by what they had been through, who had turned into bitter, depressed, cynical old men long before their time, and fervently hoped Mick had not lost his sense of humour, his vivid imagination and his rare genuine smile that used to light up his face so charmingly. What if whatever he had been through had actually left him cold and hard and jaded, unmoved by his little sister showing up out of nowhere? What if he had decided to leave his old life behind completely and simply wanted to be left alone? She couldn't possibly blame him if he had indeed burned all his bridges after what had happened and was not interested in a family reunion after such a long time of silence. She worried and fretted and, when no answer came in weeks and weeks, slowly began to wonder if it had in fact been a good idea to try and find him. Until, one evening, Ethel waved an envelope at her when she came home from work. \"I wasn't aware you knew somebody in Australia\", she remarked pointedly. \"Oh, well, I just … tried to follow up on some … some old ties\", Jess stammered and took the letter from her without any further explanation. Nosy woman! It wasn't from her brother himself, that much was sure just from looking at the pale pink stationery with a pattern of flowers in one corner and the dainty handwriting. She wanted to tear it open the minute she stepped into her room, but for some reason not quite clear to her own mind, she forced herself to take her usual shower first and only slit the flap when she had changed into a comfortable wool dress and settled into the worn armchair. The back of the letter said it was from one Mrs. M. R. Rooney. Never heard of her, Jess thought, reckoning this was going to prove another dead end. But still she was a little curious who it might be writing to her, hoping against hope that this unknown woman would add at least some tiny missing piece to the puzzle she was trying to solve. Dear Miss Cleaver, the letter read. I hope this finds you well. You may be wondering who I am and how I come to answer your letter. Eleanor Cunningham, whom your letter was addressed to, was my aunt and left her house to me and my husband when she passed away two years ago because she had no surviving children of her own. While I do not know where Mr. Carpenter is living now, I remember him quite well. Or rather, I remember well that my aunt was very fond of him. I only met him briefly once or twice myself. He was lodging with Aunt Ellie for a while after he left the hospital because he didn't seem to have anywhere to go and he was unable to return to whatever he had done before because of his injuries. I cannot for the life of me recall what it was he used to do for a living or where he had been living, only that his job had been something unusual and he had been based in some exotic place in the Pacific. New Guinea, maybe, or somewhere close. One thing I do remember is that he left for Sydney with his fiancée after a couple of months. She was a bit of a celebrity at the time – maybe you have heard of this young researcher who spent years living in some remote Pacific island with the natives and went on to write an outrageous book about it which made quite some waves in the press. I'm afraid I do not remember her name either, but perhaps someone at a bookshop or library can help you find out. As I said, the book made lots of headlines, even overseas, and a good librarian ought to be able to identify the young lady in question. My sincere apologies for not being able to provide anything more useful, but I hope I could at least point you in the right direction. Good luck in finding your brother. I will keep both of you in my thoughts and prayers. Yours sincerely, Millie Rooney Jess read the letter twice and then once more before she dropped it into her lap and stared out of the window, wondering what exactly she was feeling. It was not quite a hot trail yet, but if what Millie Rooney said was true and this researcher woman's book had indeed been sold in the States, it might become one. I need to ring Linda, she thought. If anyone knew about that book, it would be Linda Kane, her college friend to whom the term book worm didn't quite do justice. Linda was more of a book-devouring dragon and had consequently gone on from college to work at a bookshop in her hometown in Maryland. Jess's knee joints seemed to have dissolved into bits of jelly when she rose from the armchair, and she had to hold on to the windowsill for a moment as scraps of the letter swirled in her mind. My aunt was very fond of him. Unable to return … because of his injuries. So he must indeed have been wounded quite seriously. Mick would not easily have given up a profession he liked. Some exotic place in the Pacific. Just the thing he'd always been dreaming about when he was a boy. She remembered how he used to pore over his school atlas, tracing the coastline of some strange faraway land with the tip of his forefinger, smiling dreamily. This young researcher. His fiancée. A researcher. The thought of her brother, who had so staunchly refused to even go to college, hitching up with an academic made her smile a little wryly. If they were still together at all. She might well find this famous researcher-writer only to receive another polite and friendly letter stating she, too, had no inkling of where to look for Michael Carpenter. If she did receive anything. Get a grip, she told herself. It wasn't like her to be so pessimistic. She would take it one step at a time, and if all the effort turned to be out in vain in the end, she'd have all the time in the world for regret and sorrow. The first logical step was phoning Linda, and she finally strode over to her desk, got her address book out of the drawer and walked to the phone. It rang and rang, but obviously Linda wasn't home. Darn! But she wouldn't be discouraged so quickly, nor would she wait any longer to pursue her new little lead. She dialed Oliver and Patrick's number instead. Patrick answered and immediately made to get Oliver. \"No, hang on … it's actually you I wanted to speak to.\" \"Are you sure it's me you want?\" \"Yes\", she said with a hint of exasperation. \"I've heard from Mick's landlady. Or rather, the landlady's niece.\" \"Oh … wow. That's great!\" She gave him a brief summary of Millie Rooney's letter and asked, \"You wouldn't happen to know what his fiancée was called, would you?\" Patrick sighed. \"No, I don't. I'm not even sure if I ever knew her name.\" Now it was Jess who couldn't hold back a sigh. \"But wait a minute … Danny might know. I'll ask him right away if you want me to.\" \"Who's Danny?\" \"Danny O'Riordan. Another comrade of ours. Thought it funny to join the army with only one working eye and actually made it through training and on to the jungle. Of course, he got hit pretty quickly, and it was Mick who saved his sorry ass by having him transferred to HQ as a company clerk. Considering he owes Mick his life, he might well remember his girlfriend's name.\" A shiver ran down Jess's spine when this new little jigsaw piece fell into place, adding another facet to the picture that was gradually taking shape in her mind. \"… will let you know\", she heard Patrick finish his sentence, only then realizing she hadn't been listening. \"Thanks\", she whispered with a lump in her throat. The phone rang no half-hour later. Ethel yelled for her, and she came flying down the stairs, breathing a hurried \"Hello?\" into the receiver. \"It's me again. I'm afraid Danny can't remember either. He says he thinks her first name was something like Ellen or Emily or Evelyn, but he isn't sure. Sorry, Jessie. I had hoped I'd have some better news for you.\" \"Don't worry, Patrick. It was worth trying.\" She couldn't entirely keep the disappointment out of her voice, though. Patrick seemed to notice and said, \"I'll keep an eye out for anything that might be helpful, I promise.\" As they hung up, her eyes were brimming. She angrily wiped at them, took a deep breath and dialed Linda's number once more. It was Callie, Linda's housemate, who answered the phone in her lazy Southern drawl. \"Linda's off to see her parents\", she said. \"Don't know for sure when she'll be back. Monday or Tuesday, probably. D'you wanna leave a message?\" \"Um … no, I don't think so. I'll just give it another try next week.\" In all probability, scatterbrained Callie would have forgotten to give Linda the message anyway. Frustrated, she stomped up the stairs and dropped into the armchair. It was after seven already, so there wasn't much she could achieve that day, now that she had run out of people to phone. She resolved to sacrifice tomorrow's lunch break to dash off to Morrison's bookshop downtown and ask about that female Australian researcher's scandalous book about living with natives in some obscure Pacific island, at the risk of getting laughed down. She could almost hear Mr. Morrison chuckle and see him shake his head while telling her in a kindly, scholarly voice that he had never heard of such a thing. A sudden pain startled her out of her brooding. She hadn't realized she had been picking at a hangnail until the little shred of skin came loose and the cuticle began to bleed. Angry that she had again fallen back into this childish habit she had never really been able to shake, she popped the maltreated finger into her mouth and sucked it, the strange tang of blood making her slightly queasy. She hadn't been particularly hungry anyway and now decided to skip supper altogether. Might as well go to bed right away, she thought, but couldn't bring herself to rise from the chair. She just sat there, heavy and drained, doing nothing, thinking nothing. A knock on the door finally forced her to get up, and she rolled her eyes. Sometimes, Ethel loved to play mother to her if she thought she wasn't feeling well. Hopefully, she hadn't whipped up a bowl of soup or a plate of sandwiches for her to eat. She wasn't sure if she could keep anything down. She hardly believed her eyes when she opened the door. \"Oliver!\" she exclaimed. \"How on earth did you …\" \"This is an exception, honey, you hear me?\" Ethel piped up from behind Oliver's tall figure. \"He said it was very important and a family matter of extreme urgency and …\" \"Won't happen again, Mrs. Sutherland, I promise\", Oliver said with a contrite puppy-dog look and slyly added, \"And thanks ever so much for turning a blind eye this time. I really appreciate that.\" Ethel smiled and hung back for a moment, apparently hoping to catch what this urgent family matter was, but when Jess pulled Oliver inside her room and closed the door, she retreated downstairs. \"Now what is so urgent? Is anything wrong?\" Jess searched his flushed face anxiously, but, if anything, there was the hint of a grin lurking in the corners of his mouth. \"Nothing's wrong. You won't believe what happened. Charlene's back.\" \"Charlene's back? That's why you came up here, to tell me Charlene's back? Am I supposed to do the happy dance now or what?\" Jess frowned at her boyfriend and wondered if he had lost his wits. \"Don't get all worked up just yet, okay? Let me finish first.\" Oliver held up both hands in a calming gesture and went on, \"Well, as I said, Charlene came back last night, and she showed up again this evening just when Patrick was talking to Danny on the phone. She heard most of it, and so he told her about your search for Mick.\" Jess snorted disdainfully at the thought of Patrick discussing her brother with that little blond piece. Oliver ignored it and went on, \"He mentioned your brother's fiancée and the book, and you know what? Charlene's actually read it! She even said she still has the book!\" \"Charlene reads books?\" Jess couldn't keep her sarcasm to herself but had to admit that she would now have to be doubly grateful to her, for she would never have seen the photo of Mick if Charlene hadn't walked out on Patrick a few weeks ago, and now she, of all people, could well be the one to provide the crucial clue. \"No, sorry, that was mean, I guess. I really don't know what to say.\" She ran both hands through her hair and rubbed her face and plucked at her dress, utterly agitated. \"What's she called, now?\" \"Charlene didn't say. I'm not sure she remembers off the top of her head. But she's gone home to fetch the book, and I've come here to fetch you . She says she thinks there are one or two pictures of him in the book's photo section …\" Before he had finished speaking, Jess had already brushed her hair and wrapped a scarf around her neck and was half out the door to get her shoes. Oliver could hardly keep up with her quick, eager stride as they walked the short distance to his and Patrick's place in the cool October air. He shivered a little in his sports coat, but she didn't seem to feel the chill, although she was wearing nothing over her wool dress but a checked cotton scarf. \"Hey, don't run like that! Charlene won't be back yet anyway!\" Oliver panted a little as he tried to catch up with her, but he knew nothing was going to stop her. Patrick was leaning in the open front door, smoking a cigarette, and greeted Jess with a companionable one-armed hug. He said something Oliver didn't catch, but it made her smile a little despite her apparent nervousness. They went through into the cramped living-room, with Patrick serving them beers unasked, and sat on the scratchy sage-green sofa side by side. When Oliver reached for Jess's hand, it was just as clammy and cold as he had expected it to be. She drank her beer right from the bottle with anxious little sips that reminded him of a small bird pecking at a feeder, and when she wasn't drinking, she picked at the label on the bottle until it came off and shredded it into tiny bits that she flicked into the ashtray on the side table. Patrick and Oliver tried to keep some conversation going, but it faltered again and again until they finally heard the front door being pushed open and Charlene's heels pattering across the tiled hallway. \"Knock, knock\", she said perkily as she entered, flamboyant as ever in an emerald-green wool coat with a black scarf thrown dramatically around her neck, a black beret cocked rakishly on top of her platinum-blond curls and her lips painted cherry-red. Jess had to admit, albeit grudgingly, that the flashy outfit suited her. Charlene had this certain thing that made it look classy instead of tacky. \"Jess, darling, I'm so glad there's something I can do to help\", she said as she peeled off her coat and tossed it over the back of Patrick's chair, all the while holding on to a hardback book with a black-and-white photo on the front cover. She took off the beret and shook out her hair as she sat down in the only remaining chair, leaned over and squeezed Jess's knee. \"I wish someone would help me find a trace of Robbie. My brother\", she hastened to add when she caught Jess's uncomprehending look. \"He's been MIA since '44, and no one was ever able to tell us anything concrete. All we know is that he's been gone since the Battle of Leyte.\" She closed her huge eyes for a moment, and there was nothing coquettish in it. \"I'm … so sorry, Charlene. I … I had no idea …\" Jess swallowed hard and looked at the other young woman helplessly. \"How could you? It's okay. Kinda. Well, I mean, I miss him, which I'd never have thought I would because he used to be such an awful nuisance, but …\" Charlene drew an audible breath through her nose and laid the book onto the table in front of Jess with a resolute flourish. \"Anyway. This is her book. Evelyn Spence. The famous young anthropologist with the scandalous field of research.\" Jess hesitantly reached out her hand to touch the dust jacket, registering idly that it was a little torn in one corner. The large photo on the cover depicted a dark-skinned woman wearing nothing but a kind of loincloth and some strange ornaments made of feathers and beads on leather thongs. Above the photograph, slender, unadorned letters formed the book's title, In a Savage Land. Below, a name, spelled out in the same font. Evelyn Spence. She picked up the book at long last, just staring at the cover, the photo, the name. \"You can have it for as long as you like\", Charlene said as if from afar. \"Take it home with you to read it and to have a look at the pictures. You don't need to do that with all of us watching.\" Again, Jess felt slightly embarrassed. Never in her life would she have expected Charlene to be so thoughtful and kind-hearted. She only shook her head impatiently and opened the book, turned the pages, scanned the text and decided to start reading later. A thin dark band along the edge of the pages marked the photo section, which was what she decided to check first. A tall blond man in white tropical gear posing in front of a simple wooden hut. Philip in front of our erstwhile home, the caption read. She skimmed on through the photo section. A village consisting of similar huts, high palm trees in the background, lots of curly-haired natives in their traditional skimpy clothing, with a particular focus on women. Boats, a small lake shaded by palm trees. More huts, more palm trees, a heavyset white man with a priest's collar and jovial grin, a hymnal in one hand and a fishing rod in the other, another white man, small and wiry, with a little moustache and twinkly eyes. The blond man from the first photograph again, reading on the front porch of a larger house. None of them remotely resembled her brother, neither the slender youth she remembered nor the muscular soldier in Patrick's photo. She turned the next-to-last page to a landscape-format photograph that stretched across both pages. It depicted a beach, with the sea lapping at the vast strip of sand and lots of little wooden longboats beyond the waterline. A host of small dark figures populated the scenery, getting off the boats, walking towards the photographer. And among the foremost little group of people, a tall figure towering over the diminutive islanders, broad shoulders in a pale shirt, a big arm wrapped good-naturedly around the back of an elderly native while the other waved at the camera, messy dark curls sticking up in all directions above a clean-cut face. The snapshot was somewhat blurry but the distinctive features were clearly recognizable – the bold, straight nose, the angular chin and the curve of his mouth as he smiled. Her breath caught in her throat with a small sobbing noise. She barely felt Oliver's arm coming round her back, didn't hear what Charlene was saying. Hardly daring to believe what she had just seen, she flipped to the last photo page and couldn't suppress another sharp intake of breath. There he was again, in a picture that filled half of the page, cross-legged in the sand, a large shell in one hand and a knife in the other to carefully prise it open, his head bowed and his eyes cast downward, this quietly focused expression on his face that she had seen a hundred times or more when he was reading or repairing his bicycle or whittling away at a bit of wood as he had often done. The caption simply said, After the 'pearling'. Jess heard her blood rushing in her ears and could not have told what she felt. She clapped both hands to her mouth, trembling, her eyes wide and glittering with tears as she stared at the man in the picture, taking in the familiar sculpted cheekbones and heavy-lidded eyes. Was it too much to hope for that all should be well in the end?[Chapter 2] Jess heaved a deep sigh as she read the last paragraph and squeezed her strained eyes shut for a moment. It was half past two in the night, and she was dog tired, but she had not been able to put the book down before she was finished. Evelyn Spence's personal tale, told in a witty, compelling style, had swept her along on a wave of impressions, facts and events, and she had found herself turning the pages faster and faster, all the while not wanting it to end. Mick Carpenter, the quiet pearl trader, did not appear too much in the first half of the book except to take Evelyn along for a pearl-diving trip, but he got lots of little mentions later on, as he apparently became a more and more important figure in the young researcher's life. Spellbound, Jess had read Evelyn's account of of her husband's death and the traditional mourning ritual that had helped her cope, of the first shadows of the war cast over the island and of her and Mick hiding away in a cave until she finally left after all when things became too dangerous to stay. Mick had stayed on for a while, though, before he somehow ended up in the army and later, via the hospital in Brisbane and Mrs. Cunningham's spare room, in Sydney with Evelyn. Jess wondered why he had not seized the chance to flee the embattled island with his lover. Or had they not yet been lovers at the time? She flipped back to the photo section and gently drew a fingertip along the contour of his cheek in the pearl-shell photo. More than ever, she longed to see him, to make sure he was alright, to ask him all those questions she had, to tell him just how much she loved him. Linda, ever helpful, had suggested that she try to contact Evelyn Spence through her publisher and had even come up with a name and address at their US branch. Jess had written to this Miss Ava Hillock a few days ago but not yet heard back from her. For some reason, she doubted she ever would. Miss Hillock had probably taken her for an impostor and tossed her letter in the wastebasket without batting an eyelash. Suddenly, she felt she could not wait much longer, and another idea took shape in her mind, dispelling her fatigue. She got up and squatted in front of her bookcase, pulled out a tall volume, bound in a grey protective cover of tattered paper, from the bottom shelf and proceeded to open it in the dim light of her bedside lamp. She quickly found the page she was looking for, a colourful map of the world's time zones, glanced at her alarm clock and smiled as she donned a pair of stockings, threw on her coat and grabbed the little jar of loose change from her desk. Before she left the room, she affectionately ran her hand over the stack of sheet music in the bookshelf, another souvenir of her brother. He had not taken it with him when he left because their grandparents didn't own a piano, and although her own lessons had not been very fruitful and she hadn't played since her early teens, she had kept the books and loose sheets because they had once been his. Shoes in hand, she tiptoed down the stairs, noiselessly opened the front door and sneaked outside, slipping on her penny loafers on the doorstep. It was pitch dark except for the cold light of the moon and a flickering street lamp down by the intersection. This was where she headed, or rather, the phone booth around the corner. She dropped some coins into the slot, spoke to the operator and felt her heartbeat accelerate as the dial tone adopted a different sound and a woman with an unfamiliar accent answered the phone in a professional tone of voice. Jess had to clear her throat before she could speak and ask the question that sounded so trivial and meant so much. \"Have you got an entry for Michael Carpenter in or around Sydney?\" \"Several in fact, ma'am. One's in Blakehurst, one's in Hunter's Hill, and there are another two downtown. Which one would you like the number for?\" \"Uh … I'm not quite sure.\" Jess's mind went completely blank for a moment. \"Can you give me all the numbers, please, and put me through to the first one?\" She tried to copy down the numbers in the half-darkness, using a pencil stub and a used cinema ticket from her coat pocket, and found herself actually holding her breath when the foreign dial tone was in her ear once more. She dug her fingers firmly into the thick fabric of her coat lapel, expecting to collapse any moment while it was ringing. \"Hello?\" A female voice, fresh and clear through the static crackle on the line. Was that her? \"Hello … um ... my name is Jessica Cleaver, and I'm looking for M-Mick Carpenter.\" For a second, none of them spoke. \"I'm … I'm his sister. Jessica. Jess. Can I ... can I speak to him?\" There was a little gasp at the other end of the line, and the pleasant voice said with an incredulous laugh, \"But of course you can. Hold on for a minute.\" Jess heard the receiver being laid aside with a little clatter and footsteps retreating. The faint, rapid murmur of voices at a distance. Footsteps, heavier than the first and a little slower, approaching. She tried to picture him coming to the phone and failed. \"Hello?\" His voice, with a much darker timbre than she had known it, but his voice nevertheless. The ground under Jess's feet seemed to sway. \"Mick?\" It was almost a squeal, and she swallowed and blinked and finally pulled herself together and went on in a calmer tone, \"Hello, Mick. It's me … it's Jess.\" He remained silent, apparently dumbstruck by his little sister reappearing in his life out of nothing. Or did he resent her calling, was he searching for some polite words to tell her to leave him alone? \"Your sister, Jess. You … you remember me, don't you?\" Her voice quivered miserably. \"Of course I remember you, Jessie. How could I not remember you?\" His voice also faltered, and he laughed his funny little laugh which turned into a snuffling sob. Jess could not remember ever hearing him cry, and she, too, broke into tears, holding on to the greasy receiver in the musty telephone booth as if her life depended on it, and if she was shivering in her nightshirt and wool coat, it was not because of the cold. She had found him. Half a lifetime, or more, of separation had come to an end on what was a lovely early-summer evening in Sydney and a dank and chilly night with more than a hint of winter in Chicago. There was an ocean and eight time zones and half a huge continent between them, but that didn't matter. All she had to do was book a ticket to Australia, and hell, yes, she would, no matter the cost.[Chapter 3] Once more, Jess dialed a phone number with her heart racing. After telling Oliver first thing in the morning, who had let out a whoop loud enough that she was sure she could have heard it from three blocks away without the aid of modern technology, she had decided to call her sister. Janie had been indifferent about Mick at best ever since she was ten years old and had in fact stated her opinion time and again that Mick wasn't worth searching for if he hadn't tried to stay in touch, but Jess couldn't not tell her. Maybe her sister was human after all and would be happy to hear the good tidings. Still, she was a bit afraid of how Janie would take the news. They had not been close since she'd started high school, and her career choice certainly hadn't improved things. Janie had made expressly clear that she thought her sister was spoiling any chance of finding a decent husband if she went about plunging her hands into people's innards or touching infectious patients. \"You'll end up catching some unspeakable disease and die a horrible death. Don't say I didn't warn you.\" Jess had laughed it off at the time, but she had never really forgiven her for it, or for many similar snide remarks. The phone at Janie's rang six, seven, eight times, and Jess was already about to give up when a breathless child's voice answered. \"Helloooo? This is Brian! Who are you?\" \"Brian, how many times do I have to tell you that you're not to pick up the phone!\" The child protested as his mother wrestled the receiver off him and said sweetly into the mouthpiece, \"Hello, good morning – who's speaking, please?\" \"Janie, it's me. Jess.\" \"Oh, Jess. How are you.\" Janie sounded more than just a little frosty all of a sudden. \"Is it important? You know, we were just about to leave for church …\" She seemed eager to hang up and go on with her neat little Sunday family schedule. \"Wait a sec, Janie. I have to tell you something. I've found Mick.\" Not a sound at the other end of the line, only the kids pottering around in the background. \"Just imagine, Janie, I've finally found him!\" \"Oh, um, really. That's … that's quite … quite a surprise.\" Jess wanted to throttle her for being so lackadaisical about this miracle that had just happened and even more for what she said next. \"I was beginning to think we hadn't got a brother any more. Now tell me, where has our adventurer sailed off to? What's he doing? Scraping along just so on his sailor's wages in some dreary port town? Or did he make it big somewhere after all?\" \"He's in Australia\", Jess said pointedly. \"He's been there since he was wounded in the war and shipped off to hospital in …\" \"He was in the war? He served?\" Janie perked up after all. Her own husband had returned from three overseas stints a highly decorated lieutenant, a fact of which she was extremely proud. \"So he does have some sense of responsibility.\" Jess tried very hard not to scream. Instead, she said acidly, \"Sometimes, you really make me wonder when exactly you turned into a carbon copy of Aunt Dorothy!\" She inhaled sharply and went on, \"Anyway, I'm planning to go to Australia as soon as I can. Do you want to come, too?\" \"Dear me, hold your horses, Jess! I can't go voyaging around the world at will. I have a family to take care of! And haven't you got a job, and a fiancé who deserves your full attention? What does Oliver think of all this? Haven't you got a wedding to plan? I'll bet you haven't even decided about the location yet! If you want to have the reception at the country club, Jim says it's high time you put your name down, and …\" \"Janie, as I've said a million times before, we're getting married here, not in Virginia, and surely not at Jim's stupid country club! Anyway, I didn't call to talk about the wedding. Discussing seating arrangements and choosing the colour of the bridesmaids' dresses is certainly not my top priority at the moment, so I won't keep you any longer. You dash off to church now, and I'll take that trip to Australia on my own. I just thought you might want to know about Mick.\" She paused, and when Janie remained silent, she added with a touch of bitterness, \"Shall I say hello for you when I see him?\" Janie snorted. \"If he wants to see you at all. I hope to God you won't end up wishing you had never found him. He might be living in some dirty hovel with a cheap little whore for all you know.\" They said their cool goodbyes, and Jess bit her lip and clenched her fists, trying not to let her rage and disappointment get the better of her. She had so wanted to bury the hatchet, but it was impossible. They had so little in common now that it seemed almost ridiculous to her that they should be sisters. For a split second, she wondered if Mick had become a total stranger, too, with their blood and not their mutual feelings creating a bond between them - someone she didn't like a lot, someone who didn't care much about her either. She cursed Janie bitterly for planting the seeds of doubt in her mind, then told herself not to be stupid. Her sister had not heard his voice over the bad telephone line, older and darker but otherwise very much the same. Loving. Beautiful. Sincere. Let Janie shrug off the past as if it had never existed if she thought it made her happy. Maybe she ought to learn to do the same in certain respects. What Jess could not have known was how her sister had been fingering a small carved animal as they spoke. A little knickknack that had been sitting on the telephone table for ages, so long that nobody took notice of it any longer, not even Janie herself. While she had listened to Jess's astounding news, she had for the first time in years really looked at Freddie, as she had christened the plump, smiling dolphin back when she received him, coaxed from the same bit of driftwood as Jess's own seahorse by their brother's artful penknife, and her eyes had watered a little with the memory of the last Christmas with Mick, more than twenty years ago. But by the time Brian called for her impatiently from the doorstep and Jim yelled through the open car window that they were going to be late for church, her eyes were dry and her face unperturbed, even when Brian asked innocently, \"Mommy, what's a whore?\"[Chapter 4] Jess almost flinched under the blast of heat as she walked down the gangway, tired from traveling for a full day and night and a little nauseated from the bumpy landing. She had boarded her flight in the sleet and wind typical of November in Chicago, and it felt surreal to alight in the warmth and sun of Sydney. There was more than a taste of summer in the hot air, and she got light-headed for a moment with the heat and the excitement she was feeling. She allowed herself the luxury of a taxi and felt quite decadent. She had raided her bank account, which fortunately had still held some of the money Grandpa Cleaver had left to her, to pay for this trip and decided it was okay to splurge some more on a comfortable car to take her into town, considering the state she was in. She certainly had no wish to mark her arrival in her brother's adopted homeland by keeling over on the bus. When the driver dropped her off at a small B&B; not too far from where Mick lived, she checked into her room and started to unpack her bag, but fatigue overcame her quickly, and she flopped onto the bed and was asleep within seconds. Bright daylight flooded the room when she awoke. She consulted her alarm clock, which she had wisely set to Sydney time before she left, afraid she had overslept the time she and Mick had agreed on. With a funny feeling, she realized that it was five o'clock and still Friday and she wasn't due to see her brother until noon the next day. Such a long time to go. Unbearably long all of a sudden. A bold idea popped into her mind. It wasn't too late yet to visit today, was it? She jumped up, went to the washstand in the corner to splash her face with cold water and wash a bit, changed into a clean set of clothes and brushed her hair, surprised that it wasn't looking a whole lot worse after the long journey and several hours of sleep. Asking the friendly landlord for directions, she set out on foot, the sun still blazing in the sky, the sweet scent of blooming trees along the pretty residential streets heady and exotic and beautiful. As she turned a corner, she could see an azure hint of the sea in the distance. She compared the name of the street on the crumpled slip of paper she'd kept safe in her purse with the name on the plaque she had just passed. Yes, this was it. Just a little farther down the road. A low-slung, well-kept bungalow-style house, nice but not showy, flowerpots on the windowsill, the front door painted white, a small car in the driveway, a tall tree towering over it all. She swallowed nervously, but her mouth was dry. Was it a bad idea to show up early and unannounced? Impolite, intrusive even? Should she have waited after all? She half resolved to leave without drawing any attention, but what if he, or his wife, had accidentally glimpsed her from a window and she made a real fool of herself if she walked away now? Her pulse pounding so wildly that she believed it must be visible from yards away, she squared her shoulders, stepped up to the door and pressed the bell push. Don't faint don't faint don't faint! she repeated silently when black spots began to dance before her eyes, and she managed to get back to normal before the door was opened by a pretty, petite redhead, a little shorter than herself, dressed all in white. Recognition struck her like lightning. Evelyn! She looked exactly the same as in the photos in her book and greeted her with a friendly but somewhat reserved smile. \"I … I … uh … I'm Jess. I … I'm sorry I'm … sort of … early … but …\" She felt like a gabbling idiot, but the other woman simply embraced her and said, \"I'm glad that I finally get to meet you, Jess. Welcome to Australia. Come with me, we're all out in the garden.\" All? \"Oh … I … I hope I'm not intruding … if you're having … guests …\" \"Don't you worry. It's just us. Mick and Annie and myself.\" She caught Jess's questioning look and explained, \"Annie's our little daughter.\" A tiny squawk escaped Jess's throat upon hearing that he had a child, a little girl. He must be a wonderful father, if the way he'd had with her and Janie was anything to go by. She followed Evelyn through a narrow corridor and a spacious, light-filled living-room from which a pair of open French doors led on to a flagstone terrace and a garden that overlooked the sea. \"What a little paradise you've got here\", she murmured, then stopped abruptly when her gaze fell on the bench at the far end of the small garden and the man that occupied it. His black hair was much shorter than she remembered it but long enough for his curls to show, his shoulders a lot broader than they used to be underneath a navy blue shirt. Evelyn gently touched her arm and walked on ahead of her to tell Mick about the premature arrival of their visitor. He didn't rise but turned his head, and their eyes met for an electrifying second. Jess stumbled on, wondering briefly why he wasn't getting up, remembering the mention of a grave injury with an unpleasant twinge, but as she approached, she saw he was holding a little girl of three or four, fast asleep in her father's arms, chestnut curls falling over soft round cheeks, her head nestled into the crook of his arm as his big hands cradled her protectively. An open book lay beside him, a children's book to judge from the colourful illustrations. Mick was watching her, but he didn't say a word. He only smiled. Jess herself couldn't speak for a moment, she just stood before him and looked, while he, too, studied her face. Her brother had gone from a handsome youth to a downright striking man. What had been a very pretty boy - not just judging by her own adoring-little-sister standards - had grown into a man of remarkable charisma, attractive in a stunningly intense way. There was a scar through his eyebrow that she did not recognize, a thin white line on suntanned skin, and little creases around his eyes, but they only added to his charm, as did the way the harsher lines around his mouth softened as he smiled and the silver sprinkles among the black hair. Finally, he broke the silence. \"Jessie … don't you want to sit down with your old brother?\" She laughed and sat next to him, very acutely aware of his warm body as he drew her close to his side with little Annie still slumbering in his lap, just the way he used to when they were little girls and Janie was in his other arm. She wrapped her arms around him as best she could without disturbing the child and buried her face against his neck, kissing him softly, feeling a little frisson as he stroked her hair. Through a mist of happy tears, she looked up as she noted Evelyn approaching, who gently lifted Annie off her father's lap and said, \"I'll tuck her in tonight. She's sound asleep and won't miss you for once. You two go on and catch up with each other.\" She walked away with the girl, and both Jess and Mick began to speak at the same time. Chuckling, he said, \"Ladies first. Tell me what you've been up to.\" \"Well, you know I've been to medical school and am about to finish my internship. Isn't it funny that it was me, in the end, who fulfilled Mom's dreams of her child going to university and follow in Dad's footsteps? She'd have been quite horrified about my choice, I guess. Aunt Dorothy certainly was.\" They both laughed. \"She thinks me a total failure. Almost thirty and still not married. She'd probably die of a heart attack if she knew I have no intention of procreating once I do get wed. Sometimes I've a good mind to tell her, just to rub her nose in it, but then I guess it's a childish notion.\" \"That means the old crone is still around?\" \"'Fraid so. I try to avoid her wherever I can, though, after what she did to us.\" Now that she was here with Mick, Dorothy's machinations seemed even more outrageous. She gave her brother a short account of what had happened all those years ago, which made his eyes blaze with sudden anger. \"I suspected something like that, and Grandma did, too. She used to say 'I'm sure it's all that dreadful woman's doing'. I don't know how many times I've wished I had persuaded her and Grandpa to take the two of you to Maine with us. How different all our lives would have been.\" He stared out at the sea with narrowed eyes and a pained expression. \"Don't blame yourself\", she said and laid a hand on his back. \"I certainly don't. You were just a kid yourself. Taking care of me and Janie would have been quite a lot to ask of a teenage boy.\" He smiled a little sadly and asked, \"How's Janie doing?\" Jess smirked unabashedly. \"Janie's the good girl, the one who's done everything right. She worked as a typist for a while, got married, had two cute kids in quick succession and is a successful mother and housewife now.\" He gave her a quizzical look, obviously surprised by the bitterness in her voice. \"We're … we're not very close any more.\" Jess sensed that he was disappointed to hear that and quickly changed the subject. \"And now for you! I hear you found your little treasure island, complete with pearls and all. Just like the stories you used to write for us.\" \"Yes, I guess I did.\" He grinned his sweet crooked grin. \"Only the princesses were missing, at least until Evelyn came along.\" \"How did you get there in the first place? I thought you'd become a sailor, or gone back to your fishing.\" He told her about their grandparents' deaths within less than a year of each other, about his rocky relationship with Rosie and his doomed engagement to Nell, about the errant year he had spent travelling the oceans without a destination or purpose, about the island, the pearl trade, the natives, about the missionary and the Commissioner and Gerry, and about an arrogant professor and his perky young wife. He relayed shortly how he had joined the army, had stopped a Jap bullet just weeks before the war was over and thus ended up in Australia, where he had, miraculously, been reunited with Evelyn against all hope. \"A happy ending to the treasure-island fairy tale.\" His lip curled a little ironically. \"I guess I need a drink now after all this talking. How about you? Do you want a beer?\" \"Sure!\" Jess grinned when he raised his eyebrows in mock horror and tried to imagine what Aunt Dorothy would think of her sitting in Mick's garden, guzzling beer. Something about the world going to hell in a handcart, probably. While Mick was getting their drinks, she got up and walked to the cliff top that made up the rear border of the garden. There was a path leading straight down to the beach, and she could hear the sea rushing steadily. What a beautiful, peaceful place. Her brother was a lucky man, she thought. \"Here's your beer, miss.\" He had reappeared behind her, handed her one cool brown bottle, raised his and said, \"Let's drink to the happy old times. And to you, for not giving up on me.\" \"To you \", she replied. \"for having me. To us.\" Jess drank thirstily, all the while watching her brother. He still moved with that easy grace and still appeared utterly unaware of his own beauty. She remembered all the horrible visions she'd had after hearing he had taken a hit in the war and burst out, \"I can't begin to tell you how glad I am that you're alive and well. When Patrick said you'd been wounded and didn't go back to combat, I was imagining all kinds of awful things that could have happened to you, that you'd been crippled or disfigured or that you'd died after all. I'm so happy that you've proved me wrong.\" He looked at her with a puzzling expression, as if he was trying to find the right words to tell her that she had just made the biggest, stupidest blunder of her lifetime. Which was exactly what he began to do in his gentle, big-brotherly manner as he took her hand and said softly, \"You didn't see me walking when I went to get the beers, did you?\" She shook her head, perplexed. What was he getting at? He might have been a little stiff in the knees when he rose from the bench, but … \"You know, it's not just figuratively speaking if I say that I didn't quite come back in one piece.\" She stared at him, wide-eyed, disbelieving, studying his legs for visible traces of an injury, which was, of course, a daft thing to do as he was wearing a pair of long khaki pants that hid from view whatever there was to hide. She held her breath as she waited for him to continue, the spark of a terrible suspicion she didn't really want to pursue kindling at the back of her mind. He tapped both his legs with the beer bottle and said calmly, \"Only one of them survived.\" Her hand came free and flew up to cover her mouth, and she closed her eyes, brimming with tears yet again. \"Oh no, Mick, no! Please say you didn't … they didn't …\" Her voice trailed off. \"Yes, Princess, they did\", he said softly. \"They had to. I got shot in the thigh, and the wound went bad, so they had no other choice if they wanted to save my life.\" \"My God, Mick. Oh my God. I'm so sorry. I'm so stupid. How … how on earth did you manage to get through all that … how did you cope …?\" The bottle slipped from her hand, spilling beer on the grass, and he quickly deposited his and pulled her close, held her as she cried at his chest and told her, \"At first, I didn't cope at all. I wished they'd just left me in that damned jungle to die. I thought my life was over, but then I found it wasn't. In fact, all kinds of amazing things happened after that. I found Evelyn. I found a new job I liked. We had Annie. And now you've found me. I know this must be quite a shock for you, but believe me, there's no need to feel sorry for me.\" She nodded, but sobbed even harder. \"It's okay, Princess. Let it all out now, but promise me you won't pity me when you're done crying. I'm fine, really.\" He tilted up her chin to make her face him. \"Who needs two legs when you can have your long-lost sister back instead?\" She smiled weakly through her tears. \"You're not making sense, Mick. But I love you anyway.\" Evelyn had just been about to call out to them that dinner was ready, but she stayed put by the French doors when she saw them standing by the cliff top in each other's arms. It seemed like one of those moments upon which nobody should intrude. Dinner could wait, she decided. ","Summary":" Jess is still pursuing her search for Mick and very much hopes she will finally succeed. Indigo Hom"},{"Movie":"In a Savage Land","Title":"O Brother, Where Art Thou?","Author":"illuminata79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10535706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It has been a very long time since Jess last saw her brother Mick, but every so often, she is reminded of just how much she adored him. This song, while about missing a father and not a brother, seemed perfect to me to describe how she feels. Bruce Springsteen - My Father's House Last night I dreamed that I was a child Out where the pines grow wild and tall I was trying to make it home through the forest Before the darkness falls I heard the wind rustling through the trees And ghostly voices rose from the fields I ran with my heart pounding down that broken path With the devil snappin' at my heels I broke through the trees and there in the night My father's house stood shining hard and bright The branches and brambles tore my clothes and scratched my arms But I ran till I fell shaking in his arms I awoke and I imagined the hard things that pulled us apart Will never again, sir, tear us from each others hearts I got dressed and to that house I did ride From out on the road I could see its windows shining in light I walked up the steps and stood on the porch A woman I didn't recognize came and spoke to me through a chained door I told her my story and who I'd come for She said \"I'm sorry, son, but no one by that name lives here anymore\" My father's house shines hard and bright It stands like a beacon calling me in the night Calling and calling, so cold and alone Shining 'cross this dark highway where our sins lie unatoned Chicago, 1953 \"Very well done, Stephanie. You've been very brave.\" Jess affectionately patted the blond girl on the head and began to wrap an elastic bandage around the bony knee she'd just finished stitching up. \"Just promise me you won't go knocking down any more pedestrians with your bike, will you?\" She winked at her seven-year-old patient who managed a smile and asked a little timidly, \"Will I have a big scar now?\" \"Well, I can't promise it will all heal without a trace …\", Jess began hesitantly. \"The cut on your knee is quite deep, and the stitches in your brow …\" \"Great!\" was Stephanie's surprising answer. \"Greg, that's my brother, he's always bragging about his scars and how he got them. Now I've got one, too, and I even got to ride in an ambulance. He'll be ever so jealous!\" She grinned, looking quite smug. Stephanie's mother shook her head in exasperation and rolled her eyes. \"Kids!\" she said, adding in a lower voice, \"To be honest, Stephanie is almost worse than Greg when it comes to doing stupid things. It's just that she's usually luckier getting away without injuries.\" \"You know, Greg is terrible\", Stephanie told Jess in a loud stage whisper. \"He's always so nasty to me. Once, he put a living toad into my bed, can you imagine that?\" Jess gave an appropriate \"Ewww\", trying hard not to laugh, and Stephanie continued, \"Do you have a brother? Is he nasty, too?\" Jess quickly shook her head and was grateful when Priscilla knocked on the door with an urgent question, giving her an excuse to see Stephanie and her mother off quite curtly. Still she felt this sickening little pang that always stabbed her when she thought of the brother she had loved so much. Mick had never been nasty. He had been the most wonderful brother she could have wished for until it all fell apart and he disappeared from her life without a word of goodbye. She had never forgotten him, but she had taught herself not to think too much about him. She tried not to think too much about him now and focused on the next young patient who was waiting for her, tearful and trembling in his mother's lap, to have his bleeding lip looked after. Then came the next kid, and the next, and yet another, and Jess was surprised when she heard a knock on the door that was subsequently being flung half open, while Priscilla sternly declared from behind her reception desk, \"Wait a minute, young man. Dr. Cleaver is still seeing a patient!\" She allowed herself a quick stealthy smile as she scribbled a prescription. Oliver and his boisterous streak never ceased to exasperate Priscilla, or at least she pretended it did. Jess knew the seasoned nurse had a soft spot for Oliver, that handsome, good-naturedly mischievous cardiology resident, but certainly knew to hide it well. Sometimes Jess herself couldn't quite believe that she and one of the most gorgeous guys of all the hospital staff had been an item for well over three years and were planning to get married next summer. She thought herself quite okay but anything but a bombshell. She'd probably still look more like a girl than a woman by the time she was forty, with no breasts to speak of and long thin limbs, a pale oval face and fine brown hair that didn't have the slightest inclination to curl no matter what she did to it, and she knew there were a few young nurses rather jealous that Oliver Corelli should have picked such a plain Jane for his girlfriend. But one of the things that had most attracted Jess to Oliver apart from his looks and his brains and his wicked sense of humour had been his remarkably underdeveloped vanity. Jess said goodbye to her last patient and walked from the room with a big smile on her face. She was looking forward to a nice weekend with Oliver. For once, wondrously, neither of them would be on duty, not even on call, so they planned to spend all the time until Sunday evening doing nothing but whatever it was they would feel like doing. Oliver rose from the chair he had occupied in the deserted waiting area and kissed her on the cheek. \"What do you think, dinner at Maddie's tonight and the cinema afterwards?\" \"Absolutely!\" Jess relished the idea of beginning their weekend at their favourite steakhouse, kicking back over a fine rib-eye and fries and perhaps a beer to wash it all down, and a good movie instead of dessert. \"But I guess I'll have to grab a quick shower first, though. I'm feeling all hot and grubby.\" \"Whatever you need, my lady.\" He winked and, apparently remembering something, got out his wallet to check its contents. \"I'll need to stop by at home, too, and stock up on cash. Five dollars won't get us very far, I fear.\" \"Oh, I can pay for my own dinner, you know\", Jess replied, laughing. \"I know.\" Oliver gave her another kiss. \"But I won't let you.\" Forty minutes later, she gave herself one last critical once-over in the hall mirror and pulled on a short fitted jacket over the blue polka-dot dress she was wearing, one of Oliver's favourites. She picked up her purse when the doorbell rang and thought about which film to choose as she clattered down the stairs in the white heels that matched the dots on her dress. She still hadn't seen Roman Holiday despite her long-standing crush on Gregory Peck, and Oliver had promised to go see it with her, but now he was so excited about The Robe which had been released just a week ago that she wasn't sure she could persuade him to trade biblical epic for romantic comedy. Well, Richard Burton wouldn't be bad to look at either even if she did get bored with all those Romans and Galileans, she decided. Nothing was going to spoil this evening, not even centurions and crucifixions. And a beautiful evening it was, with a good long chat and lots of laughter over a simple but tasty dinner. Jess loved how they never ran out of things to talk about – serious things, emotional things, and utterly silly things, too. After dinner, Oliver graciously let Jess pick the movie, and she thoroughly enjoyed watching Gregory Peck and Audrey Hepburn's romance unfold before the gorgeous backdrop of Rome. She found herself dreaming of a similar holiday with her beloved as they walked from the theatre into the night that was still surprisingly warm. If they didn't splurge too much on the wedding, they might be able to afford a honeymoon in Europe … She smiled to herself, and Oliver nudged her affectionately. \"So, did you have fun drooling over your Californian dreamboat?\" \"Aw, come on, you have to admit it was a lovely movie. And didn't you think it was a lovely leading lady?\" she added slyly. \"Lovely leading man was what you really wanted to say, wasn't it? Well, I'm ready to concede he did an okay job, but even you have to admit that this man has ridiculously long legs. How can a man's legs be so disproportionately long?\" Jess shook her head and, knowing that Oliver just couldn't resist ribbing her about her girlish adoration of Gregory Peck and would get all the more exhilarated the more staunchly she defended her movie-screen hero, only laughed and made no comment other than \"You're simply impossible, Oliver.\" \"And that's exactly why you love me, isn't it?\" He grabbed her round the waist, pulled her close and kissed her on the forehead. They decided to walk the short distance home, with the night so balmy and taxis quite expensive, and when they turned into the street where Oliver lived, just around the corner from Jess, he asked, \"You coming upstairs with me? Patrick's always out with Charlene on Fridays, so we'll have the place to ourselves …\" \"Sounds tempting\", Jess said longingly, but hesitated, not daring to believe her luck. With Oliver sharing a tiny house with his best friend back from elementary school and herself lodging with an elderly couple who explicitly ruled out male visitors, considering it their foremost duty to watch over their young tenant's modesty, opportunities to indulge in a certain kind of physical closeness were rare and coveted. \"But … are you sure he won't be back soon?\" she asked cautiously. \"He's never back before midnight. One, two o'clock, more like. Don't you worry, the coast will be clear.\" Oliver gallantly offered her his arm and ceremoniously escorted her up the three steps that led up to the front door, but had to let go of her to search the pockets of his sports coat for his keys. Jess was relieved when they found the hallway dark and deserted and the house all quiet, and she gave a throaty little laugh in anticipation of pleasures to come. Oliver flicked the switch of the small lamp on the hallway table and made a big show of taking her jacket off her before he reached for her hand and eagerly led her towards the narrow stairs, whispering into her ear in a raspy voice that made her body tingle from head to toe. They were halfway up the stairs when there was a shattering noise in one of the downstairs rooms. Jess's dreamy smile died on her lips, and Oliver frowned and murmured something rude that sounded very much like \"what the fuck\". There was another sound, something scraping across a tiled floor, followed by a loud bang. Oliver swore, and Jess dryly remarked, \"Looks like we're not actually alone.\" Oliver looked around for a weapon, just in case, but dropped the large umbrella he had seized back into its stand when muffled curses and more scraping and tinkling became audible. He strode over to one of the doors and tore it open. \"What the heck are you doing here on a Friday night?\" Jess could see a figure cowering on the kitchen floor, busy cleaning up some debris, all but hidden from view behind the table. The red hair spoke for itself, though – Patrick obviously was home after all, and in quite a state, too. Oliver took the brush and dustpan off his friend, who was mumbling inconsistently all the time, and quickly swept up the shards of what seemed to have been a beer bottle, then picked up the overturned chair and made Patrick sit down. Jess ventured closer, hovering insecurely in the doorway. Even from this distance, Patrick was looking dreadful – ashen-faced and dead-eyed, not a bit his usual confident self. Normally, he was an attractive redhead, not handsome in any classical sense but striking with his intelligent eyes of the clearest, palest mountain-stream blue and a full, expressive mouth framed by two long vertical creases that deepened when he laughed. His tour of duty in the Pacific had left him with a very slight limp that somehow added to his extraordinary charm. What the crumpled heap in the kitchen chair exuded now was not charm but a dangerous mix of misery and anger, simmering right beneath the surface. It would take but the tiniest spark to make him explode. From his drunken mutterings, Jess deducted that Charlene had walked out on him after they'd had a terrible row. It was not the first time that his irascible girlfriend had left him in a huff only to wheedle her way back into his life and his heart not much later. It had happened twice before, and Jess remembered the dire consequences very well. The first time, Patrick, who was usually the kindest soul in the world, had raised hell in the local bar and ended up in the drunk tank with a split lip and a black eye. The second time, he had guzzled half a bottle of cheap whiskey before he trashed vast parts of the living-room and then collapsed on the ripped-up sofa in a half comatose state. She wondered what they were in for now and if they could do anything to prevent another disaster. Oliver must have been thinking along the same lines, for he threw the broken glass into the trash, walked over to his friend who was still hanging his head by the kitchen table, patted him on the shoulder and said, \"It's a goddamn shame about that stupid woman, but promise me one thing, will you? No shit this time, okay? We can sit with you for a while, and we can get drunk together if you think it helps, I'll even clean up after you if you start throwing up, but please, no smashing up anything. Or anyone. Remember there are ladies present.\" He pulled up a chair and sat down while Patrick looked around and stared at Jess bleary-eyed as if he had not noticed her before. For a split second, she wasn't sure what he was going to do and instinctively prepared to flee in case he flipped his lid, but he only murmured in a drained voice, \"Oh. Yeah. Jess. Hiya.\" \"Hiya, Patrick\", she replied shyly and, when he didn't acknowledge her words at all, added, \"Do you … do you want me to leave you and Oliver alone?\" From behind his friend, Oliver mouthed, \"Stay\", and finally, Patrick cocked his head and said mournfully, \"It's okay, Jess. You're one of the good girls. Ollie's got no idea just what a lucky man he is to have a girl like you.\" Jess was uncertain what to make of his weepy praises and increasingly miffed about the turn the lovely evening had taken, and she decided it was better not to make any comment. Instead, she said, \"Have you eaten, Patrick?\" \"Eaten?\" Patrick asked stupidly, as if he had never heard the word before, and after a considerable pause, he added, \"Not since lunch. I'm not hungry. I just want a beer, or two or three or eight.\" Jess shook her head and told him drinking on an empty stomach was a very bad idea, and not just from a medical standpoint. She went on to rummage in the fridge, but all it held apart from a lot of beer was a couple of eggs, a chunk of butter and an unappealing bit of sausage. She snorted disdainfully, threw away the dried-up sausage, cracked the eggs into a pan and left them on the stovetop to fry while she continued searching the cupboards for more comestibles, finding nothing but half a loaf of bread and a bag of potato chips. Sipping the beer Oliver had opened for him, Patrick watched her in silence as she tipped the fried eggs onto a plate, sprinkled them with salt and pepper, cut off a few slices of bread and put the steaming plate in front of him. She hadn't expected any reaction, but he gave her a thankful, sheepish grin and began to tuck in with surprising appetite, and suddenly she wasn't all that angry any more. She still would have preferred to spend the rest of the evening doing something very different from sitting at the kitchen table, trying to console Patrick, but she liked Oliver's impulsive friend well enough that she was ready to put on a good face for his sake if it helped to keep him from doing anything rash. Once he had cleared his plate, Patrick started talking and just couldn't seem to stop. First it was Charlene he talked about, pretty, seductive, pouty, bitchy Charlene. While Oliver occasionally made compassionate noises, Jess sat back and kept her mouth shut, wondering why on earth an otherwise smart guy like Patrick allowed this bottle-blond floozy to treat him like dirt over and over again. Finally, the topic was exhausted, and Patrick began reminiscing about his previous girlfriend and how he had met her at the wedding of an old army comrade. This inevitably led to two of them eagerly swapping wartime anecdotes. Inseparable from first grade on, Patrick and Oliver had joined the army together and somehow even managed to get into the same training camp. Jess suppressed a yawn and tried not to look too bored as she pretended to listen. What was it with boys and their war stories? Hoping they wouldn't spend too much time talking shop about their tours of duty, she grabbed another fistful of chips and decided not to get up and go home just yet. Maybe she'd be lucky and Patrick would nod off some time soon, so that there would be time enough to go upstairs with Oliver after all before she left. Oh no, she thought when Patrick, walking ostentatiously erect, went into the tiny living-room and produced a box of old photos from a drawer in order to prove some obscure point. \"See, that's him you mean, Ollie! Rogers, his name was. Not Macauley. Macauley was that fat little sergeant in charge of marksmanship training. Wait, I've got one of him, too, I think …\" He searched the box, dumping little stacks of photos on the table left and right, until he triumphantly thrust a blurry snapshot into Oliver's face. \"Here's good old Macauley for you. Remember him?\" \"Ye-e-es.\" Oliver winced. \"Only too well. Oh, what's this? Dear God, you and me and Bobby Heck and Julian … Julian …\" \"Prendergast.\" Patrick's voice became soft as he added, \"Poor sod.\" Oliver handed the photo on to Jess, who cast a polite glance at a bunch of grinning young privates in training camp, posing with their hats on sideways, Oliver and Patrick framing two guys she didn't know. \"What happened to him?\" she found herself asking, almost against her own volition. \"Julian … Prendergast?\" \"Got blasted off his feet the moment we landed in the Philippines. We had barely arrived when he got hit.\" Patrick swallowed hard. \"Damn, yeah. Remember Gordon Banks, Patrick? Gordon and his poisonous roll-ups?\" Oliver chuckled for a moment and became serious again quickly. \"We had only just deployed among those God-awful hedgerows in Normandy when he …\" He couldn't continue speaking and shook his head silently. Jess nervously toyed with the pack of photos she had picked up randomly, trying not to listen. She didn't want to hear all that. She didn't want to imagine that her fiancé and his best friend had been out fighting a bloody war when they had hardly been out of their teens. Flipping cursorily through the snapshots of boys in uniform, some dashing, some ridiculous in their army getup, she idly wondered why they delighted so much in talking about all those horrible memories. Finally, the last picture. Patrick and some other young soldiers, this time in lightweight tropical gear, grouped around a senior man who seemed to be giving them directions, captured in a clear three-quarter profile as he looked over his shoulder and pointed at the person behind the camera. She was about to put it aside when something about him caught her eye and she took a second, closer look. She set the glass she had been about to put to her lips back down on the table with a clatter and felt her heartbeat quicken. \"Who's this?\" she asked, pointing at the man in the foreground of the picture. \"Oh, that was a fabulous guy\", Patrick said, gazing fondly at the photograph. \"I didn't know him for long, but he was a great man. Like a big brother to us youngsters, especially poor Joe Kowalski and Richard Conway and me. He had only just joined up himself, but he was at least eight or nine years older than the rest of us, so we often called him Grandpa. I'm not sure what his actual name was, though. Dammit .\" He screwed up his face thoughtfully, narrowing his eyes to slits. \"Mike … Mike something. No, wait, it wasn't Mike … Michael … Mick! Yes, Mick … can't recall his last name, though, I'm sorry. Carruthers, Carrington … something like that. All I remember is that he made corporal quickly. Lost track of him entirely after I'd been out with my broken ankle. When I came back eventually, I got assigned to a different unit and …\" \"Carpenter\", Jess whispered tonelessly. Both men turned toward her.\"Huh?\" Patrick mumbled. \"Did you say something, Jess?\" Oliver asked. \"Carpenter\", she repeated, louder. Oliver frowned, flabbergasted, but Patrick exclaimed, \"Yes, that's it!\" He gave her a puzzled look and added, \"How'd you know his name?\" \"He … he's my brother.\" Her voice failed, and she hugged her arms around her chest, suddenly shivering. The men were struck silent, too, looking at each other uneasily before Patrick said, \"I didn't know you had a brother.\" Jess only nodded wordlessly, blinking back tears, before she explained, \"I haven't seen him in a very long time. We got … separated when I was still a kid.\" She choked and felt a trail of wetness trickling down her cheek after all. Oliver passed her his hankie without saying anything. When she felt she could trust her voice again, she asked, \"Did you know him well, Patrick?\" To her chagrin, it sounded thin, like a pleading child. \"Not all that well, but he was my squad leader until I wrecked my foot. He was one of the finest. Not exactly by the book, but he had good instincts, and he was frightfully fit. I think he'd been living somewhere in the Pacific area for a while, on one of those tiny islands, which was why he was much better suited to the climate than the rest of us were. He was pretty tall, a little over six feet, I think, and quite a handsome guy. We used to tease the sergeant, who was already quite bald at twenty-five, because Carpenter was so much older and still had that mop of curls. Needed to get a haircut every couple of weeks.\" He allowed himself a little smile at the memory. \"And I remember he had somewhat funny eyes. It wasn't exactly a lazy eye but …\" A droopy eyelid, Jess thought. She had almost forgotten about it, but now she could picture it clearly. Normally, it had been hardly visible, but it tended to show when he was tired or stressed. She wondered if it had become permanent as he grew older, or if maybe the immense strain of the war had made it show more pronouncedly. \"It's really a shame I lost touch with him\", Patrick went on. \"I only heard that he got hit some time after I'd been shipped off to hospital and that he didn't return to the company until the war ended, but I never actually got around to finding out more.\" \"Do you think he … ?\" Jess's voice failed. Patrick quickly assured her that it didn't have to mean the worst. \"He probably came back at some point but got transferred to another unit, like I did. I never saw any of my comrades from Delta Company again until after the war, and there were a few of them who'd have sworn I was dead.\" His attempt at a grin faltered under Jess's worried look, and he hastened to add, \"You know what, Jessie girl, I might be able to find out where he went off to. Or rather, Dad might. I'll speak to him if you want me to.\" Jess's eyes widened. She knew that Patrick's father was some kind of bigwig in the army. Could it really be she would finally learn what had become of the brother she had adored so much? She had never dared contact the Red Cross because she was too afraid of having her worst fears confirmed, but she couldn't possibly pass up this opportunity. \"If you'd do that for me …\", she said shakily. Patrick nodded and handed the photo back to her. \"I will. Until then, you'll have to make do with this. Yeah, c'mon, girl, just take it.\" Stammering her thanks, she carefully stowed it away in her purse, and she hardly spoke a word when Oliver escorted her home not much later, her mind racing. Although she was bone tired, she found it hard to sleep. She just couldn't stop thinking. She tried to imagine Mick as a soldier, Mick who had never engaged in any brawls if he could help it, and wondered what had led him to join the forces. It wasn't the kind of thing she'd have thought her brother would do, but then, she had no idea what kind of man he had come to be. And besides, so many people had done so many untypical things during the war. She herself, who had never had a great interest in medical things, had volunteered as a nurse's aide at a military hospital towards the end of the war because she felt she had to do something good in this world gone crazy, and it had pointed her towards a career entirely different from what everyone, including herself, would have expected. Her brother might have felt a similar urge to do something worthwhile. She wasn't sure if risking life and limb for your country was actually a good thing, though. She had seen her fair share of horrible injuries during her time in Baltimore, and her head was involuntarily spinning with dreadful visions of all those maimed and crippled servicemen she had encountered there. The thought of Mick's beautiful features brought terribly disfigured faces to her mind and raised unbidden questions in her mind. His sharp vivid eyes, blinded? His elegant long limbs shattered, his determined stride, his graceful movements forever stopped by a bullet to the spine? The vigorous-looking stranger in the photograph incapacitated permanently by a shot through the lungs or intestines? More and more cruel scenarios swam up from the gloomiest depths of her unconscious, and she couldn't shake those images too gruesome to talk about. It was one thing to have found a trace of him after she had searched for him in vain and kept telling herself he might well be long dead, but not knowing what kind of life he led, whether he had recovered from whatever injury he'd suffered, whether he was well, or happy, left her restless anyway. When the sun came up outside her window, she was still tossing and turning and wondering if Patrick would think to ask his father for help. She told herself not to become overexcited just yet, even if the prospect was utterly compelling. Chances were that Patrick had been way too drunk to remember his promise in the morning, and, in that case, it would be awkward to remind him. But still … She reached for the large photo on her dressing table, an old picture into whose frame she had tucked Patrick's snapshot before she dropped into bed. She had snaffled it from among Mom's things when they had moved house and kept it on her nightstand in their new home, no matter how often Janie overturned it on purpose or how many poisonous looks Aunt Dorothy shot into its direction. Her father had never commented on its presence. Until last night, it had been her only photo of her brother - fifteen-year-old Mick, perfectly beautiful with his big expressive eyes and sensitive face and longish curly hair, flanked by two little girls, one tall and thin and the other short and chubby, flashing a dazzling smile. And suddenly she had this other photo to prove that the pretty boy had, inconceivably, turned into an impressive man with broad shoulders and a lean, masculine face, his tumble of curls replaced by a practical but unfashionable army haircut. She did the math quickly – he must have been around thirty when this was taken. No wonder he had come a long way from the slim teenage boy she remembered. But there couldn't be any doubt about who it was. She knew that squint, and the set of his mouth, and the shape of his nose. She would have recognized this face among a thousand others, even if it had been more than twenty years since she had last seen it in the flesh, on the platform of the station in what had been her hometown then, on a freezing day in January. After that, there had been only letters. And after a while, nothing at all.[Chapter 2] 1932 Jess held her breath as she tiptoed down the corridor, nervously twirling one of her braids around her forefinger, listening for any telltale sound, any sign that one of them had come inside after her. But the house was quiet except for the ticking of the big grandfather clock in the hallway. They were all outside, gathered around the table on the back porch, celebrating her father's birthday. Daddy had not wanted to celebrate. He had not really wanted anything for a long time, not since the accident , which was how everyone referred to the terrible day when Daddy's car had crashed into a tree, barely a few hours into what had then been the new year. He had been gone for many weeks, away at the hospital where they were not allowed to visit him, and Mommy had not come back at all. Now Daddy never smiled or joked like he used to, and Mommy's place had been occupied by Aunt Dorothy, who had come to stay with them after the accident, supposedly to look after them until Daddy got better, and had never left again. Jess doubted that Aunt Dorothy would ever leave, just as she doubted that Daddy would ever get really well. It had not been quite as bad when Mick still wrote. His letters had arrived, regular as clockwork, containing funny things he had experienced at work – he was a fisherman now – and little adventurous stories he made up for her and Janie, and he had always sent them a lot of kisses, a long row of Xes at the end of each letter. They had always looked forward to finding one of them on the hall table when they came home from school. Reading and answering it had always cheered them up no end. But then, suddenly his letters had stopped coming. When she asked why that was, Aunt Dorothy told her brusquely Mick was so occupied with other things that he had lost interest in them. After all, what should a grown-up fisherman (Jess hated how Aunt Dorothy spat out the word, like it was something disgusting) want with two little spoiled brats who were, after all, only his half- sisters? Jess had been at a time devastated and disbelieving. Mick would never have lost interest in her and Janie, that much was certain, even if she couldn't figure out why he didn't write any more then. One day, shortly before Christmas, she had seen something white and rectangular peeking out of Aunt Dorothy's apron pocket and nudged Janie excitedly, pointing her finger, which earned her a sharp reprimand from her aunt. Her question who had sent the letter went more or less unanswered. Aunt Dorothy only informed her icily that her mail was none of the girls' business. Later the same day, Jess found the smouldering remains of an envelope in the fireplace. A few scraps of words were still recognizable – it was bits of their address and, above that, \"To Miss J…\" neatly printed in blue ink, in the handwriting she probably knew the best of all. With an enraged yelp, she grabbed the charred paper, hoping she could save it, but most of it crumbled to sooty flakes under her fingers. Bitter tears sprang to her eyes, and she angrily kicked the fire screen, which toppled over with a tremendous clatter. Instead of picking it up like a good girl would have done, she kicked it again and sent it flying into the next armchair with another great crash. Of course, Aunt Dorothy appeared within seconds, her face a mask of ill-boding disapproval. \"What do you think you are doing , Jessica?\" she screamed. Before she could launch into the usual dressing-down, Jess shouted at the top of her lungs, \"You lied! You told us Mick stopped writing, but it was all lies! You burned his letters, and you lied to us! You're just a mean old scarecrow, and I hate you!\" Aunt Dorothy seemed barely able to restrain herself when she hissed through clenched teeth, \"Calm yourself, Jessica. Aren't you ashamed to behave like that? Just think what your mother would say!\" \"Mommy's dead! She can't say anything any more!\" Jess yelled, her face red with rage, tears still flowing. Aunt Dorothy flinched and gasped and said, quite shocked, \"Jessica, please! I won't have this kind of talk, especially not with your poor father still so unwell. You know you mustn't upset him, don't you?\" \"What's Daddy got to do with it? Why do we always have to be careful about him? Why can't he be the one to tell us what to do? Why do we have always have to listen to you? You're not my mother! You can't make me do anything, and I don't have to stick to all your - stupid - rules!\" She banged both fists into one of the armchairs to give additional emphasis to her last words. Her aunt cuffed her round the ear with her bony knuckles and lectured her once more about where she and Janie would have ended up after the accident, with their mother gone and their father so poorly that it was all but clear if he was going to pull through. Jess listened with narrowed eyes, panting, and, when the tirade was finished, burst out, \"I wish he hadn't pulled through! I wish he was dead, and so were you, for then we could go and live with Mick and Grandma Mary and Grandpa John! We could finally be happy again!\" Aunt Dorothy slapped her hard across the cheek. Jess struck back at her without thinking and hardly noticed her aunt whipping a measuring tape out of her apron pocket and swinging back her arm in a threatening arc. \" Leave her, Dorothy!\" a voice said from the door, Daddy's voice, firmer than Jess had ever heard it since the accident. Aunt Dorothy gave him a long, hard, hateful stare before she scornfully coiled up the tape again and stalked away with a venomous glance at Jess, who had fled into her father's arms and was sobbing at his chest. He held her and stroked her hair, but his grip was limp and his movements weak and strained, and he didn't even ask what the confrontation had been all about. Jess didn't feel a lot better afterwards, not the way his, or Mommy's, hugs used to make her feel better before it had happened. She knew she'd be in permanent disgrace with Aunt Dorothy now, but she didn't care. Nor did she care when she got sent to bed without dinner. She hadn't been hungry anyway. In fact, she was glad to be alone in her and Janie's bedroom while the others were eating their dinner downstairs. Now that she knew Mick had not forgotten about her or lost his interest, she would simply write to him secretly. She wasn't quite sure yet how she'd manage to get his answers – maybe she could ask him to send them to her friend Maggie's address, or to Ella Dawson, who had Mommy's best friend and the kind of woman she'd have loved to have for an aunt – but she wanted to pour her heart out to him on the spot, let him know why he had not had any letters from her and Janie in a while and tell him how awful it was with Aunt Dorothy around. She wrote and wrote, covered page after page in her loopy longhand and finally stuffed it all into a big envelope, misspelled words and ink blots and all. She addressed it in her most beautiful handwriting and went to bed with a little smile on her lips. All she had to do tomorrow was find a stamp, which would be fairly easy because she knew that there were some in the little box on top of the small writing desk in the living-room, and drop by the post office after school to send the letter on its way. Penny Slater at the post office hardly looked up from the half-finished baby shoe she was knitting when Jess handed her the letter. She longed to tell her this was very important but didn't dare to. Instead, she went home, trying to hide her excitement. How long would it be until she received an answer? Or would he be mad at her because he hadn't had word of her for ages and not reply at all? The next day, there was a fat envelope beside her dinner plate. Her heart began to pound. He could not have written that fast, could he? And he shouldn't have written her here. With a very unpleasant twinge in her tummy, she realized it was her own letter. \"Young lady, would you care to explain this to me?\" Aunt Dorothy had approached unnoticed, sneaking up on Jess inaudibly as was her habit, and snatched the envelope off the table, holding it up, out of Jess's reach. \"What … how did you …\", Jess stammered. \"I had the nastiest surprise when I went to the post office this morning! Mrs. Slater gave this to me and said I'd surely be happy to pay the additional postage …\" \"But I put a stamp on it!\" Jess interjected indignantly. \"It wasn't enough, you foolish thing!\" her aunt said, making it sound as if Jess was a complete idiot. \"And I thought I had made it quite clear that I do not wish any correspondence going on between you and … and that … boy. You should have seen the looks Mrs. Slater and the other customers gave me when I said I wouldn't because it had all been a misunderstanding.\" \"You didn't say a word\", Jess exclaimed. \"You only burned his letters!\" \"That should have told you enough, young lady. Now what was so important that you had to write to him in secret?\" \"I … I just … just wanted to tell him how much we're missing him, and that we love him. Nothing … nothing … bad.\" \"This must be quite the declaration of love, judging from the weight\", Aunt Dorothy said acidly. \"And if it's nothing bad, I'm sure you will not mind if I read it.\" She slipped a finger under the flap and began to pry it loose. \"No! Please!\" But Jess knew she was protesting in vain. \" I wish Janie and me could come to live with you, so we could at least have some fun again\", Aunt Dorothy quoted, her eyes bulging. \"We always have to be so frightfully good. It's nothing but 'don't run, don't talk back, don't laugh too loud'. It's always 'Behave like a lady'. I don't want to be a lady. Ladies are frightfully boring.\" She lowered the letter for a moment, piercing Jess with look sharper than the pointiest needle. \"So that is all the regard you have for the good education you are getting?\" Jess said nothing, just stared back at her defiantly, arms folded over her chest, and Aunt Dorothy scanned the rest of the letter and froze. \"This is incredible!\" she shrieked. \"I say, that boy is having a very bad influence on you! 'Please write to Maggie Mathison's address if you want to reply. Aunt Dorothy burned the last letter you sent. You really were right when you said she's a wicked old witch.'\" She tossed the letter onto the table and shook her head in frustration. \"Jessica, what on earth is wrong with you? Haven't you got any love or loyalty for your family? Haven't you got any respect ? I have no idea what to do with you except whip the living daylights out of you, and if I'm sparing you that, it's only because your father forbids it. Go away! Go, get out of my eyes. I don't want to see you anywhere down here until you are ready to apologize. And if you ever try anything like this again, it might well be the orphanage for you. They should know how to deal with the likes of you there.\" Jess marched up the stairs without a word, but on the first landing, she turned and shouted down in her best Maine-tinged vernacular, \"Daddy ain't never gonna let you send me away!\", before she ran on up, muttering sullenly, \"Stupid old witch, that's what you are!\" She banged the bedroom door shut behind her, took both of her shoes off and threw them against the wardrobe door, then hurled herself across the bed, half waiting for furious footsteps following her, but no one came. For the next weeks, icy silence was all she got from Aunt Dorothy unless speaking couldn't be avoided. Jess didn't mind that too much, but what angered her terribly was how Dorothy kept her stamps and small change locked away and how she always made sure to fetch the mail right after it was delivered so that the girls wouldn't get their hands on any undesired letters from Maine. And then there was the terrible night when she woke up frightfully thirsty and sneaked downstairs for a glass of water. As she walked past Daddy's study on her way back from the kitchen, she heard voices from behind the closed door, low but kind of urgent, speaking rapidly. Something made her stop and listen, straining her ears to distinguish the words they were saying. Something told her this was serious. Serious and important. \"… not only those letters, but have you seen any of those stories he sent them? Highly unsuitable for girls their age, Daniel, about pirates and fights and dreadful things like that. Smoking and drinking even!\" Jess remained rooted to the spot, listening. Aunt Dorothy was talking about Mick! \"And you cannot imagine the words he was using. Vulgar, coarse language. Not at all what we would want them to use. Well, I have to say I wouldn't have expected anything else.\" There was an ominous little pause, and Jess could clearly picture the sour expression of distaste on her aunt's gaunt face, the way she looked down her long nose and pursed her lips in that wrinkly fashion that made her mouth looked even more pinched. \"All that would just have served to make the girls rebellious and insubordinate, and we don't want that, do we? Especially Jessica is fractious enough as it is. No, Daniel, this is the right decision to make, believe me.\" \"I don't need to be persuaded, Dorothy. God knows I want to get away from all those memories. I just can't bear being here without her. But the girls …\" \"The girls are children still, Daniel. They will do as they are told, and they will adapt faster than you think. Children forget so easily. This time next year, they will hardly remember ever having lived here.\" What was she talking about? Jess's heart had jumped into her throat and sat there, thumping, a fat throbbing clump that made it impossible to swallow and difficult to breathe. Were they going away from here, from home? For good? She couldn't move anything but her right hand, which bunched up the bottom of her nightshirt and twisted it here and there. She didn't hear another word either of them said. She just stood and stared and wanted to cry but couldn't. After she had made them abandon all contact with Mick, she was now going to make them abandon their home; she had poisoned Daddy's mind to make him think it was all for the better even though he must have known it wasn't. Jess wouldn't have thought she could hate her even more than she had before, but yes, she could. She hated her so much, even if Miss Kristensen, her Sunday school teacher, said it was a very bad sin to hate any person. But obviously Miss Kristensen had no idea what people could be like. A noise from inside the study startled Jess out of her stupor, and she hurried away after all. If she got caught eavesdropping, Aunt Dorothy might yet make good on her promise to whip the living daylights out of her. When Daddy broke the news to her and Janie a few days later, Jess kept her mouth shut and forced all the ranting and raging that wanted to break out of her to stay inside. She didn't cry either, that was for babies - the silent tears that sometimes seeped into her pillow at night didn't count because nobody could see them. But inside her, there was a small spot like a hard black marble, right beside her heart, where the utter resentment she felt had taken up residence and made her feel angry and hurt all the time. Sometimes, it even made her do bad things, like when she deliberately stepped on Aunt Dorothy's good yellow silk blouse with her dirty boots, ripping the cuff and staining the fabric irreparably, or hid Aunt Dorothy's favourite brooch, an ugly silver thing with a cluster of blood-red stones in the middle, at the very back of the bottom drawer in her aunt's bedroom. Now it was Jess who didn't to speak to her father and her aunt unless she couldn't help it. She didn't even speak a lot to Janie, who was weepy and whiny all the time and not much fun to be with. They had been living in Virginia for more than half a year now, and Jess couldn't say anything had improved. Daddy was still sad and depressed and came home exhausted at night, even if his new job at the hospital was supposed to be a lot less stressful than having his own practice. Aunt Dorothy was still stern and implacable and ruled the household with an iron hand. Janie still cried at the slightest insult or injury, and Jess herself felt painfully robbed of everything she had ever loved. She missed her old hometown, she missed their old house, she missed her old friends, and most of all, she missed Mick. What hurt her almost as badly was to see how Janie gradually began to believe that Mick indeed had forgotten about them, that he had stopped thinking of them, that he didn't care any longer. Jess defiantly put the photo of the three of them, all dressed in their Sunday best and laughing, up on her nightstand, amazed that Aunt Dorothy never tried to take it away. She probably thought that if she allowed Jess to keep the picture of her brother, she would refrain from trying to get in touch with him. Nevertheless Aunt Dorothy maintained her close watch on stamps and stationery and the mail. Nevertheless Jess kept devising adventurous plans how she might succeed after all. Today, while they were trying to celebrate Daddy's birthday with a bunch of neighbours and new acquaintances, pretending they were such a happy little family although everybody knew they weren't, she had missed Mick worse than ever before. She hadn't been able to get a single piece of birthday cake down and hadn't even touched the glass of fresh lemonade beside her plate. And then, Mrs. Whitney, the mother of her new school friend Kathleen, had made some well-meaning remark about how nice it was that she and Janie seemed to get along so fine. \"I always tell Kathleen to take a leaf out of your book. She's always complaining about Ruth and Doris and keeps saying she'd trade both of them in for a big brother any time. Wouldn't you, Kathy?\" She had nudged her daughter playfully and added, \"I'm sure Jess would agree with me that big brothers are quite overrated.\" Jess had blinked and nodded dutifully and then excused herself quickly, hurrying inside through the screen door so nobody would see her cry. As she stepped into the cool interior of the house, one of the ideas she had turned over again and again in her mind came rushing back at her powerfully. She didn't feel like crying any more. Yes, she would call Aunt Ella back home in Missouri and tell her how unhappy she was and how she missed Mick and wasn't allowed to write to him, or to anyone. She would ask her to act as a go-between. She surely wouldn't mind getting letters from Mick and passing them on to Jess and vice versa. How she should manage to keep it all from Aunt Dorothy in the long run, Jess didn't know, but Aunt Ella usually had a clever solution for any kind of problem. She had always liked Mick well and would certainly come up with something. Or Joanne would, Aunt Ella's pretty, chestnut-haired daughter who had babysat her and Janie countless times. Jess listened for steps or voices again, and when she was sure that she was still alone inside the house, she took a deep breath and pushed open the door to her father's study, which Aunt Dorothy had declared strictly off limits. It was dusky inside, the maroon curtains drawn against the summer heat. Without switching on the light, she climbed into the big brown swivel chair whose leather felt cold under her bare legs and, kneeling in the chair so she could reach it, picked up the receiver of the telephone that sat in one corner of the heavy desk. She was just about to answer the operator's routine questions, her heart hammering wildly, when the door was flung open and the feared, familiar figure towered in the doorway, an ominous outline dark and dreadful against the sunlit corridor.[Chapter 3] Aunt Dorothy had taken a thin cane to Jess's backside after all when the birthday guests had left. Jess had hardly been able to sit for days, and not even Daddy had shown much sympathy. He had only stroked her back weakly when she tried to tell him what had happened and why and told her to leave the matter alone, toeing Aunt Dorothy's party line of how Mick obviously didn't have any wish to stay in touch. Jess knew it was all nonsense, but she had no way of proving it, and she put a lid on her sorrow and locked it away inside, not even talking much to Janie about Mick any more. Her sister seemed to forget that they had once had an older brother; meanwhile, he didn't appear to be much more than a face in a photograph to her. She held back her feelings until her twelfth birthday came. On that day, she decided she was not a child any more, and she did two things that made her feel wonderfully free. First, she took the huge scissors Aunt Dorothy used for her sewing and cut off the long hazel braids she still made her wear. The result looked a little frayed and somewhat lopsided, but she relished the way her hair fell freely around her face and tickled her neck at the back, and she loved how the face in the mirror appeared older and almost grown-up. Daddy's eyes grew big and wide when she showed up at the dinner table with her new haircut, and Aunt Dorothy almost had a heart attack, pressing a hand to her bosom in shock and anger. Janie only said, \"You're looking pretty stupid\", and kept shovelling mashed potatoes and gravy into her mouth. And then, after a dinner conducted in uneasy silence broken by her father's awkward attempts at conversation, she went into her bedroom, brought out the envelope and stamp she had bought with her own money earlier that day, and wrote to Mick. It wasn't the lengthy kind of epistle she had been trying to send him when Aunt Dorothy caught her in the act. She was cleverer than that now. She just wrote one page, trying to explain why she had been silent for so long, and asked him to reply as quickly as he could, promising she would tell him a lot more about her and Janie's life next time. As a return address, she used that of her best friend and classmate Muriel Shirkie, who thought it was quite exciting to help Jess find her brother and had sworn on her own beloved brother's life never to breathe a word to anyone. For the next fortnight, she lived in a feverish hope she could hardly hide. Not even the fact that Aunt Dorothy chopped off her hair brutally below the ears as a belated punishment, which made her look really stupid, bothered her as badly as it would normally have. She had finally written to Mick, and she would finally get her first letter from him in over two years. She pictured his firm handwriting in blue ink on a simple white envelope, saw herself caressing the paper before she very carefully opened the letter with a pen knife, imagined the wonderful excitement of the moment she'd pull out the folded paper, then wait some more to prolong the pleasant, prickling anticipation before she'd eventually begin to read. When Muriel hurried toward her one morning before school and produced a letter from her bag, Jess felt all faint and dizzy. It had worked! She slipped the envelope into her own bag without any closer look. She wanted to celebrate the moment she opened it, all by herself in the little park she passed through on her way home. What a stroke of luck that Janie's class were on a day trip to the museum today and she'd get to walk home alone! Excitement fluttered in her stomach like a horde of butterflies gone wild, and she certainly didn't learn a lot at school that day. Her hands were trembling when she sat down on the sun-warmed bench and brought out the letter. Her brow knitted for a second when she looked at the address. The writing seemed too small, with too many flourishes, didn't it? With a sinking feeling, she cast all her plans of making a little ceremony out of opening the letter and simply ripped at the paper, eager to soak up her brother's words. But the letter didn't comprise more than a few lines, and the tone was polite but distant. The bottom dropped out of Jess's world. It wasn't from her brother, that much was clear not only from the handwriting but also from the first line on which read \"Dear Jessica\". Mick had never, ever called her that. It was a Mrs. Charles Benton who was writing to her, saying she was very sorry but Mr. Carpenter didn't live in Seaview Lane any more. He had sold the house to Mrs. Benton's husband after Mr. and Mrs. Walsh had sadly passed away within less than a year of each other, and she regretted to say that she did not have any information about Mr. Carpenter's current whereabouts. Jess was so blindsided by what she read that it took her several seconds to realize who this Mr. and Mrs. Walsh were who had died. Her grandparents. Grandma Mary and Grandpa John. Two vague figures in her mind, surrounded by an aura of loving kindness and the memories of carefree childhood days. She had not thought of them much recently, but it was a big shock to find so abruptly that they were both gone. As was Mick, apparently. Gone in a different way but just as unattainable. Jess scrunched the letter into a ball, threw it into the scrubs and crumpled into a heap of misery on the bench, burying her face in her hands, wanting the world to go away and the ground to rise up and cover her. She cried and cried, until she felt she had no tears left, and then she cried some more before she shuffled home, hopelessly defeated. She told Aunt Dorothy she wasn't feeling well and went straight to bed, where she wished she could stay for the rest of her life. But of course she couldn't. She couldn't even really tell anyone what had happened; she confided parts of the story to Muriel who hugged and held her as she cried once more but then, no five minutes later, happily chattered about the beautiful dress she was going to get for her big sister's wedding and how Logan Macarthur had tried to kiss her behind her grandma's outhouse. Jess was alone with her grief and bitter self-reproach. She shouldn't have given up so quickly. She should have defied Aunt Dorothy no matter what; she should have written to Maine much earlier, before they all were gone. For the first time in her life, Jess truly felt the full impact of the words \"too late\". For years, she stubbornly held on to the hope that one day a miracle would happen and she would run into Mick in the street or that she would look up from whatever she was doing to find him standing there unexpectedly, with his lovely grin and his sparkling eyes, but the older she got, the less her heart was actually in it. Once, at seventeen, she spent a week with her college friend's family in St. Louis, and she gathered her courage together and took the train to the little town that was her birthplace. The white church near the station where they used to go on Sundays appeared smaller to her grown-up eyes, but other than that, not too much had changed. The street where she had spent the first years of her life still looked pretty much the same, except that the big elm tree on the corner had been cut down and a new house stood where there had been a patch of grass and weeds between the Lanskys' and the Berensons'. She hovered outside their former home and couldn't bring herself to ring the doorbell. A funny little feeling tugged at her stomach when she saw a red tricycle by the door and some other toys strewn across the lawn. Who were those kids? Were they happy there, like she and Janie had been? Did they have a big brother who played and joked with them? Before she could get all too morose, a breezy voice had called out to her, and through a thin veil of sudden tears, she recognized Ella Dawson, her hair gone grey and her body grown thick around the middle, but very much the same otherwise. \"Aunt Ella!\" she cried and flung herself at her. \"Jess! Is that really you? I can't believe it!\" Ella kissed her on both cheeks. \"I thought I'd never see either of you cuties again, not after you moved away and your aunt made it clear that your father didn't wish to keep up any contact with this place. She said it was all too painful for him with your mom gone and that he wanted to make a new start. It had me wondering a little, it didn't seem to be like Dan, but then, grief does that to some people.\" She shook her head vehemently and went on, \"Whatever. Do come in! What brings you here? Come on, sit down, have some coffee.\" They made pleasant small talk for a while and reminisced about days long gone, and Jess felt a bittersweet kind of happiness spreading warmly through her. Then Ella asked, \"How's Mick doing these days? He was always such a dear, especially with the two of you.\" Jess swallowed hard and, after a small pause, told her that she had not seen him in ten years nor had any word from him. \"Oh my goodness. Don't tell me he never had that address in the first place.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Why, he phoned me once, about half a year after you'd left, and asked whether I had your new address. I … I thought he'd just misplaced the address or failed to note the house number or something. I felt like such a clod when I had to tell him no, you hadn't left any address or phone number because Dorothy said Dan wouldn't be able to cope with well-meaning calls and letters from old friends and neighbours. I didn't think …\" Jess's face went white, and she didn't hear what Ella was saying any more. That wicked old witch. She left for St. Louis not much later, stricken and furious, but also in a way relieved to have her suspicion confirmed that it had not been Mick's fault that they had lost touch, that he in fact had tried to find them, just as she had always believed he would. It wouldn't help her find him, though. She told herself she'd best bury her dreams of ever seeing him again, go on with her life and accept that her brother had become one of those shadows from the past like her mother and her grandparents and some friends that had come and gone. But even as she did go on with her life, the occasional tear fell onto the glass that enshrined the photograph on her nightstand, and every so often, she stroked the curved back of the little wooden seahorse, carved from a bit of driftwood by her brother's skilful hands, that sat on her desk right next to the jar where she kept her pencils.[Chapter 4] September 1953 It was Friday again, but Jess wasn't in too good a mood. Oliver was on the night shift and she herself would have to work the next day. No dinner at Maddie's, no cinema, no stolen hours of tenderness. As she walked home on her own, she remembered, a little wistfully, the night in Oliver and Patrick's kitchen a week ago and the hope it had brought back. She hadn't had any news from Patrick since then. Oliver had reassured her Patrick had not forgotten about his promise and that it might take his father some time to find out anything useful, but Jess felt it was another dead end. She should have known better than getting her hopes up at all. She should have known she'd only be disappointed once more in the end. She went home and sullenly greeted Ethel, her talkative landlady, when she bumped into her at the door, brushing past her quickly with an apologetic, \"Sorry, Ethel, but I really need a shower now, it's been an awful day.\" \"Sure, honey. Just don't use up all the hot water, will you? Jerry's not home yet from his building site and he'll be awfully grubby for all I know.\" Jess nodded obediently and hurried up the stairs. She had just slipped on her bathrobe and wrapped a towel turban-like around her damp hair when there was a knock on the door and Ethel chirruped, \"I hate to disturb you in there, but I've got someone on the phone for you. He says it's urgent.\" Jess sighed. This had better be urgent, she thought, wondering who it could be. He? There weren't a lot of men who had her number. Oliver was at work, so it was certainly not him, and her father was even less likely. He never phoned except for her birthday, sometimes. Jim, perhaps, Janie's husband? Had something happened to her sister, or one of the kids? Her heart was beating a little faster than usual when she picked up the receiver downstairs. \"Hi, Jess, it's Patrick. I've finally heard back from Dad.\" She clutched the receiver a little harder and hardly dared to breathe. \"It took him a while, but he's found something about one … wait …\" Paper rustled before Patrick read out, \"Michael John Henry Carpenter, born on October 29th, 1913, in Harpswell, Maine.\" \"That's him\", she whispered. She closed her eyes and bit her lip as she waited for Patrick to go on, bracing herself for the ultimate bad news. \"I'm afraid Dad has no idea where he is now, but he survived the war, even though he was wounded in July 1945 and shipped out to a hospital in Brisbane. He remained there, or at least out of combat, for the rest of the war. Received a Purple Heart and was discharged honourably at his own request in February 1946. He apparently stayed in Australia after that. Dad gave me an address, too, although I'm not sure if he'll be living there any more. It was c/o one Mrs. Eleanor Cunningham, probably some kind of lodging house. You may yet want to give it a try. She might at least know where he went on to from there.\" Patrick paused, then asked, \"Jess? You still there?\" \"Yes\", she breathed. She mechanically jotted down the address Patrick dictated her, thanked him and hung up quickly. She was glad that Ethel had disappeared and didn't see her staggering back into her room, her hand closed around a slip of paper with a scribbled address, the other pressed to her mouth to stifle the laughs and the sobs that wanted out. She dropped into the armchair by the window and let the tears flow freely. He had survived. He was alive. Well, if she was honest, that he had been alive by early 1946 didn't prove anything – a lot could have happened in eight years, especially considering that he must have been seriously wounded if they had evacuated him to Australia – but she had a trace of him! She was closer to finding Mick, or at least to finding out what had become of him, than she had ever been since Aunt Dorothy had snatched away her letter more than half a life ago. Once her tears had ebbed away, she got out a sheet of her nicest stationery and, for the first time in twenty years, began to write a letter to her brother. This time, nobody was going to keep her from sending it. ","Summary":" It has been a very long time since Jess last saw her brother Mick, but every so often, she is remin"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"The Greatest County In The World","Author":"Ella.R25","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10294052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Franklin County, 1908. A ten-year old Howard Bondurant dragged his younger sibling down the long dirt track from their home. Forrest scuffed his feet across the rocks and dust, unaffected by the older boys tight grip around his wrist. There was a stark difference between the two, not just in appearance but made more obvious in the way they carried themselves. Howard walked with purpose, legs taking long, impatient strides but even as a child, Forrest was never in a hurry to get anywhere. Reaching the end of his tether with his brothers casualness, Howard whipped around to face Forrest, finally releasing his arm. \"You want Mama to make us gussy up for church?\" Howard asked with a frown, Forrest replied with a shake of his head. \"Quit stallin' then.\" It wasn't an irregular occurrence, the two brothers going AWOL on church days. Little did they know their Mother, Malisha, had given up trying to find them on such occasions entirely. She'd learnt that her two eldest sons were too independent, too headstrong to be forced into something they didn't want to do but she also trusted they were sensible enough to keep out of trouble. When they had become bored with skimming stones across one of the farm ponds, Forrest and Howard made their way deeper through the woods until they reached a nearby corn field. The yellow corn reached way over their heads, swaying in the gentle breeze and catching the sunlight to form a golden hue around the field. They ran through it, skimming their fingers on the stalks as they passed them before they ran in separate directions. Suddenly, Forrest sprung out on Howard and tackled him to the ground. \"I'll twine 'mid the ringlets of my raven black hair...\" The two abruptly stopped their wrestling at the sound of a third voice, Forrest slowly got to his feet and Howard followed. Both curious and captivated by the sweet, childlike singing. They took small, careful steps, pushing strands of corn to the side in an attempt to find the source of the pretty voice. \"...the lilies so pale and the roses so fair. The myrtles so bright with an emerald hue...\" Howard paused when they arrived by a lone willow tree in a small clearing, the leaves of the corn flat on the ground from trampling feet. He nudged Forrest and pointed his finger upwards, miming something unintelligible that only his brother could understand. Forrest followed Howard's gesture to a large thick branch high in the tree and his eyes widened at the small brunette who sat there, blissfully unaware of their presence. \"...I'll sing and I'll dance and my laugh shall be gay, I'll cease this wild weeping, drive sorrow away...\" Forrest gaped like a goldfish at the girl and Howard smirked, watching his little brother's reaction. She sat with her back leaned against the trunk of the tree, legs crossed in front of her, her tiny fingers idly playing with the bow in her dolls hair. Forrest took a step forward causing a twig to snap under his foot and the girls' eyes to finally land upon them. The two boys looked back at her as she eyed them with uncertainty before a smile crept to her lips. They watched as she shuffled and let her legs dangle from the branch before stepping onto a lower one, she left her doll where she had been sat moments earlier and began her descent, hopping expertly from branch to branch before landing on two feet in front of them. The three just stared at each other silently, the girl clasped her hands behind her back and smiled shyly. The boys studied her carefully, starting at her black baby doll shoes and they trailed their eyes upwards. She wore white knee-high socks and a yellow tea dress, not normal attire for the girls of Franklin County. Her chocolate-brown hair reached to her hips and had been styled in two loose braids, matching yellow bows tied around the ends. Even at the tender age of seven, Forrest thought she was the prettiest thing he'd ever seen. She stepped forward and stuck an arm out. \"Hey, am Ellie-mae.\" she introduced confidently. The boys shook her hand in turn. \"What's your names?\" she asked curiously. \"Howard.\" The older boy piped up, he nudged Forrest who just scratched at back of his neck awkwardly. \"This here's Forrest.\" \"Hi H'ard...and For'st.\" She beamed and Forrest finally met her eyes. They sparkled like emeralds when she smiled he noticed, he'd never seen eyes as green on anyone before. Feeling slightly uncomfortable by the silence, Howard suddenly took Forrest by the elbow, ready to steer him away. \"I made a rope swing by the lake.\" She blurted out. \"D'ya wanna see it?\" Forrest noticed the hopefulness to her question and he nodded automatically, much to Howard's surprise. Forrest didn't mix especially well with people and hardly ever sought to make new friends, it was just his nature, quiet and reserved, that was Forrest. Howard watched as Forrest walked off by the girls' side. \"You sing real pretty.\" He heard Forrest compliment quietly as they walked away and Ellie giggled, shaking out his astonishment, Howard jogged to catch up with them. Franklin County, 1931 Eleanor Thomas' eyes flitted over her passing surroundings best they could whilst driving a vehicle. She was happy to see that little had changed in her absence, there hadn't been an hour gone by in the past seven years when she hadn't longed to return home. But as more time passed it seemed to become more and more difficult. Now, as she drove through the hauntingly familiar town she would have to ignore the wrenching feeling of nervousness, life had brought her back for a reason. A very particular and sombre reason. She turned off the ignition when she reached her destination, her hands resting on the steering wheel as she regarded the old farm-house through her window. Like the rest of Franklin, it had barely changed, dogs and chickens running around the dusty path just as she'd left them. Her eyes fixed on her old bedroom window and she exhaled deeply before opening the door and stepping out of her beloved rusty-red truck then slamming it closed. She paused when she got to the doorstep, her hand hovering above the door handle while she calmed her nerves. She finally opened it, peering through the quiet house as she set her suitcase down and let the door creak to a close behind her. Upon hearing a soft melody radiating through the house she followed it, it led her to the kitchen. Her furrowed brow relaxed into a pitying frown when she was met with the sight of her Uncles back, sat at the kitchen table, humming softly to the music and staring at his wedding photo, completely unaware that someone had entered his home. She walked over to him quietly and placed a hand on each of his shoulders, if Ellie hadn't known him so well she'd have thought he hadn't even registered her touch. But he knew who it was, just so numb with grief he couldn't turn to face her. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing against his cheek with her own, she felt a tear roll down his face as he continued staring at the black and white picture. \"I'm so sorry, Uncle Archie.\" He nodded sadly and placed a hand on her forearm, she gave him a quick peck on his cheek and straightened up, wiping away tears that had some point fallen down her own face. She sniffed and exhaled before taking the picture from his hands and placing it on the kitchen counter, she then began tidying his messy kitchen. \"Where is Jesse?\" She looked up from wiping the counter when a couple of minutes went by without an answer. He had turned his body to stare at the picture in its new place, she sighed and bent down on her haunches in front of him, staring straight into his face. \"Come on now. Aunt Lula wouldn't want you moping like this and you know that...especially with this house in such a sorry state.\" He looked at her for the first time and she smiled warmly when the side of his lip twitched. \"I know you're hurtin', but you gotta keep on with things. Now, let me sort this mess then I'll make you some lunch...looks like you haven't eaten a scrap in days.\" She said as she moved away and began washing the dirty dishes that had accumulated next to the sink. Archie rubbed his damp face and shook his head, as if to bring him back to the world. He took his pipe from his shirt pocket along with a small tin, he opened the tin and began to pack his pipe with the tobacco from it. He leaned back into his chair as he struck a match and lit the barrel, he took a few short drags then a deep, prolonged one. He held the pipe in the corner of his mouth, watching her scrub at a bowl. A small, proud smile crept to his lips. \"So strong like her, always were.\" She paused from her task for a moment and shrugged. \"Yeah.\" She agreed as she placed the now clean bowl on the counter and went on to the next one. \"Well, I had to be didn't I?\" She cleared her throat and his face fell into a frown. \"So.\" She started in an obvious attempt to change the subject. \"Jesse around?\" \"He'll be with Howard somewhere.\" He sighed. \"drinkin' their weight in moonshine, no doubt.\" She stiffened upon hearing the name but attempted to appear unaffected. \"Howard Bondurant?\" \"Uh huh.\" \"Those boys still around?\" She asked as coolly as she could. \"Yup, they're still 'round.\" He drawled and she nodded, throwing an unconvincing smile his way. \"You got anyone watchin' the farm?\" She asked, again, changing another sore subject. \"Yeah, young Cricket's been helpin' out...you remember him don'tchu?\" \"The boy that used to run 'round with Jack? The one with the crazy legs?\" Her Uncle chuckled and nodded his head. She smiled and opened the fridge, rifling through its contents before taking out some cheese, she began making the sandwiches then poured two mugs of coffee when she had finished. Placing a plate and cup on the table in front of him she took a seat opposite with her own. She raised her eyebrows when he just stared at it. \"Eat.\" She demanded, smiling in victory as he sighed and took a bite, chewing lazily. She watched him gulp his food down and, satisfied, began to pick at her own sandwich. \"How's Ace?\" \"He's doin' good, ain't been behaving lately though. Swear that damn horse knew you were comin' back.\" Ellie covered her mouthful of food with her hand, laughing at the thought of Ace baying wildly when her Uncle tried to change his shoes or comb his hair. \"Think I'm gonna go see him later, maybe help Cricket out too.\" Archie raised his eyebrows at his niece. \"You remember how to be a farm hand now you're some city slicker?\" Ellie gave him a warning look. \"I ain't no city slicker. I'll always be a country girl at heart, you know that.\" \"How is Chicago anyhow? You got a sweetheart? Hell, bet you've got a dozen, lookin' like you do.\" She rolled her eyes at his compliment and shrugged. \"its alrigh' and no, I don't have a sweetheart. Even after all this time, those city guys just ain't what I'm used to. They love themselves too damn much.\" He chuckled, shaking his head in amusement. \"Can take the girl out of the country, right?\" \"That's right.\" She smiled and they continued to eat in silence. When Ellie had finished she pushed her plate away and leaned back on her seat. She bit her lower lip as she looked at her Uncle, fidgeting in her seat. \"So...everything set for the funeral?\" His chewing slowed while his face hardened and he nodded. \"But I, um, I need you to pick a dress out for her. its gon' be an open casket so...\" He faltered and Ellie immediately reached to rest a hand on top of his. \"Course I will.\" She replied without him needing to finish his request. \"It's done okay? Whatever you want just ask, you don't be worryin' about a thing y'hear?\" Archie turned his hand to squeeze hers once and he smiled gratefully. \"I missed you, Ellie-mae.\" Tears began to well up in Ellie's eyes, happy or sad, she wasn't certain. She opened her mouth to tell him the feeling was mutual when the front door swung open. It hit the wall with a loud bang causing Ellie and Archie to unlink their hands and stare at the kitchen door patiently. Jesse stumbled through it, straightening when he realized they had company and he narrowed his eyes for a second before he was pushed into the kitchen counter by a second stumbling figure. This one wasn't as uncoordinated as her cousin but just as drunk, he howled with laughter upon seeing Jesse attempting to scramble to his feet, he glanced at Ellie and his laughter died down. His glance became a hard stare, then his face become a picture of shock. His eyes widened and his mouth hung open for what seemed like several silent minutes. \"I'll be damned.\" Ellie stood from her seat. \"Hi Howard.\" She said simply after waiting for the realization on his part to kick in. The last time she'd seen Howard Bondurant was before the war and he was in a hell of a better state than this. He still looked the same, still sounded the same, but Ellie could tell in his eyes that he wasn't as happy. His face broke out into an elated cackle and he went to hug her, picking her up and spinning her around while she squealed in protest. He finally set her down but continued to squeeze her, she struggled to breathe but found the energy to slap him up side of the head. \"Ow.\" He exclaimed, dropping his arms and rubbing the side of his head. \"Well you certainly ain't changed.\" \"Yeah, well neither have you. You always did forget you're the size of a god-damn Sasquatch.\" She joked and stuck her tongue out when he pretended to be offended. He chuckled gruffly, grabbing each of her hands with his own and holding them to the sides to admire her. \"You turned into a li'l lady, Ellie-Mae.\" He said, shaking his head in disbelief. \"Who'd'a thought it?\" He added, turning his genuine compliment into a joke. Archie grumbled in amusement having watched their reunion. He twisted on his chair to look at his son, who was swaying unsteadily behind them, watching on with uncertain eyes. \"You just gon' stand there boy?\" Jesse's eyes snapped to his Father and then back to the two other faces who were staring back at him expectantly. \"Jesse, hug your sister.\" Howard demanded softly, shaking his head when Jesse huffed like a sulky teenager and made a move towards her. Ellie observed him closely in those few strides he took. Time seemed to slow down just so she could take him in. Jesse was actually her cousin but when the Rutherfords had took her in, he'd revelled in the fact he was to treat her like a sister and he did. He never missed an opportunity to introduce her as his 'big sis'. It was a label that had stuck, the whole town thought of them as siblings even though most of them knew their real relationship. Jesse had always been quiet, sometimes eerily so. He was picked on heavily as they were growing up, not for any particular reason, the other kids just found him odd due to his shyness. Ellie was the opposite, she was fiery and confident, she despised bullies and stood up for him on countless occasions, even before they lived together, Ellie just could not abide anyone been pushed around because they were 'different'. Her eyes travelled up and down this man's frame who her Uncle had called Jesse, he looked like a stranger now. He was tall like Howard but unhealthily skinny. His clothing hung from him and was covered in all sorts of mysterious stains, his face was pale and gaunt, the blue eyes that Ellie used to find so piercing were now cold, like all the light had gone from them, and each one was framed by a dark circle and the whites of them looked painfully bloodshot. When Ellie looked into them she almost shuddered, they were completely devoid of any emotion, reminiscent of her Fathers. When he finally reached her he pulled her roughly into an awkward hug, Ellie felt his whole body go rigid at the contact. It wasn't like Howard's embrace, full of love and excitement at seeing her again. Jesse pulled away and looked at her, the side of his lip twitched into a small smile which didn't reach his eyes and Ellie forced one back at him, struggling to hide her concern. \"Hi Jesse.\" \"Ellie-Mae.\"[Chapter 2] \"GODDAMN LUNATIC!\" Jesse yelled at Howard, his voice comically rising several octaves from the shock of his second near brush with death. Jesse's eyes were wide as he watched Howard and Ellie laugh hysterically from their laying positions on the forest floor. It hadn't taken Ellie long to fall back in with the oldest Bondurant, not even an hour after their reunion Howard had suggested they have a catch up drink. That 'drink' had loosely translated to five jars of moonshine liquor, which had then led to drunken target practice with the empty jars and Howards Colt pistol. Howard wiped at his eyes as he passed the gun to Ellie, his laughter finally dying down. She pushed herself up to lean her back on a nearby tree and held the pistol tightly with both hands, aiming at the log beside her brother. \"Line 'em up, Jesse.\" Howard slurred, watching Ellie with amusement as she closed each eye in turn, attempting to focus her blurry vision. \"I ain't doin' that again.\" Jesse sulked. \"Aw, come on now!\" Ellie exclaimed, feigning hurt. \"Ya think I'd plug my own brother?\" She asked with seriousness, subtly nudging Howard in the ribs to quieten when a small laugh escaped his lips. Jesse looked between them both suspiciously and exhaled, he gulped the remaining contents of his jar and walked hesitantly to the log, bending down to balance the jar on it. A shot was fired and the jar shattered in his hands, he almost screamed. Howard howled and pounded his fist on the ground as Jesse tried to collect himself, he glared at Ellie. \"You damn nearly took my hand off, you crazy bitch!\" He spat and Ellie bit her lower lip to keep from laughing in his face. He gave up and stormed away from them in a huff causing Ellie to cackle loudly, rolling over so her head rested on Howard's chest. Their giggling subsided and Howard took another long swig of his liquor, the liquid swishing about the jar while Ellie stared at the sky, deep in thought. \"I sure missed this.\" Ellie declared. \"No one's any fun back in Chicago.\" Howard held the jar of liquid above Ellie's eyes and she took it, lifting her head awkwardly to bring her lips to the rim of the jar. \"Ya goin' back?\" She fell silent and paused with her mouth pressed to the jar, shuffling to sit up and turning to look at Howard, she opened her mouth to speak. \"HOWARD.\" Both of their heads whipped around to the heavy footfalls coming their way and the voice hollered Howard's name again. A figure came rushing through the tree's and halted abruptly upon seeing the pair. His eyes glanced nervously from Howard to Ellie and he quickly reached for his hat, clutching it to his chest. \"Sorry, Miss.\" He stuttered, fidgeting restlessly on the spot. \"Howard, Forrest's been expectin' you back. We got that...um, meeting later, remember?\" He raised his eyebrows in a secret signal to his brother and Howard laughed in return. \"No need to be tight-lipped, Jack. You don't know who this is?\" He asked with a smirk, gesturing to the woman beside him, Jack shook his head. \"Take a closer look.\" Forrest had heard from the animated ramblings of his baby brother that she was back. He'd stayed silent throughout the excited conversation Howard and Jack had shared over dinner that night. Maggie had been silently sending him questioning looks as to why he wasn't as enthusiastic as his brothers over this is so called friend's return. He couldn't bring himself to tell her the finer details of their past, because it was exactly that, the past. In fact, until that night, Maggie hadn't even been aware of Ellie-Mae's existence. He didn't know what to think when Jack had bounded through the door, Howard sloppily following behind. His older brother knew better than to break the news so plainly but his youngest was oblivious to the history he'd shared with Ellie and blurted out she was back in town. A sinking feeling had resonated through his whole body, he felt nervous, angry and delighted all at once but of course on the outside he remained nonchalant, for Maggie's sake. By the time dinner had come around, he just felt numb. As conversation carried on around him, Forrest was lost in his thoughts, trying to imagine how his inevitable meeting with Ellie would go. He attempted to think what he would say when he saw her again but his mind came up blank every single time. Now, as he slowly walked up the gravel path that led to her farmhouse with Howard, Jack and Maggie at his side he was at more of a loss than ever. He expected to see her at the funeral but her Aunt was well liked and the amount of mourners was vast, he stood at the back of the church with his Brothers and Maggie, he hadn't even seen a glimpse of Ellie, not through lack of trying. He had seen her Uncle though, who had requested his family bring a crate of liquor to their house to give Lula a proper send off. They were to wait a reasonable amount of time so that the older women and sticks in the mud who would be horrified at the idea of getting inebriated at a wake had left. Forrest had paced the floor of the station for an hour and a half before deciding they should make their way to Archie's home. And finally the nerves had begun to kick in. What did she look like now? Was she staying? Had she changed? Was she married? Did she have children? All these questions and more began circling his brain at a mile a minute in those last few steps to her home. The door was wide open, a crowd of people were outside the door chatting and smoking as folk music blared from the house. Archie was by the doorway to greet them and shook each of their hands when they passed him. Jack and Maggie stopped to talk with him but Forrest and Howard continued into the kitchen and deposited the crates on the table. Jesse was first into the kitchen and carried as many jars as he could through to the guests, Howard did the same. Forrest stayed behind and picked up his own jar, he twisted the lid off and took a few large gulps of the potent liquid. He needed some Dutch courage. He eventually moved to walk through the busy hall, sidestepping the lightweights who were already stumbling from a single sip of moonshine. It was when he crossed the doorway to the living room that he heard it, her laugh. From there everything seemed to move in slow motion. He slowly turned the corner and froze upon seeing her, unfortunately she was even more beautiful than he remembered. She'd obviously changed after the funeral, now wearing a burgundy tea dress that nipped in at her slender waist, her lips were painted to match and the small amount of smoky eye make-up she wore made her green eyes pop. She wore pristinely white stiletto heels and her deep brown hair was splayed over her shoulders in sophisticated waves, it was longer than when he'd last seen her, reaching down to her ribcage and lower back. Her maroon red lips were pulled into a joyful smile as she giggled at something Howard had said. Forrest couldn't believe how in a room full of doom and gloom she seemed to light it up. It was like a gift she had, even as kids, she possessed the ability to make the people around her feel special just by smiling at them. Ironic, considering Forrest now knew how much her smile was hiding. \"Forrest, are you okay?\" Maggie's voice ripped Forrest out of his trance and he suddenly wondered just how long he'd been stood like a statue, staring at his old friend. He looked down at Maggie and grunted something even he couldn't understand whilst handing her a jar of moonshine. He took a few large gulps from his own, his eyes fell back upon Ellie as Maggie left him to talk to one of the fellow mourners. Ellie's attention left Howard for a moment and she scanned the room, Forrest's palms began to sweat when her gaze landed on him. She beamed and didn't even make an excuse to Howard before making her way over. \"Hello Forrest.\" She smiled when she reached him and Forrest swore he was back at that corn field in the summer of '08, the little girl saying his name in her underdeveloped speech. He cleared his throat and curtly nodded his head at her. \"Ellie-Mae.\" They stood awkwardly for what felt like an eternity, her eyes wandered to the jar he was holding and she laughed. \"You turnin' this into a party, Forrest?\" That was always my job.\" He fought the urge to smile at her. She sighed at his silence and prized the jar from his hands, holding his gaze as she took a few large gulps, almost emptying it before giving the last few drops back to him. The corner of his lips twitched as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and she quickly pointed at his face. \"I saw that.\" She teased. \"Almost a smile.\" \"Hi.\" Ellie's stare switched to the pretty redhead who had appeared by Forrest's side, extending an arm in her direction. \"Hi.\" Ellie replied unsurely, but shook her hand anyway. Forrest cleared his throat nervously. \"Maggie, this here is Ellie-Mae. Ellie this is Maggie.\" The two forced smiles to each other and Maggie shot Forrest a look which Ellie didn't miss. The brunette knew exactly what Maggie was to Forrest, she'd be a fool to assume Forrest would be unattached after all this time. What was strange, was Forrest's desire to keep his relationship with Maggie quiet. Ellie scratched her head, feeling rather uncomfortable. \"Well, I better, um, see how my Uncles doin'\" She excused and turned to Maggie. \"It was nice to meet you.\" Forrest's eyes were already on her when she looked back at him. \"I'll see you around, Forrest.\" She could hear Maggie's hushed, angry questions to Forrest as she walked away. She breezed through the kitchen and stepped outside at the back of the house, the 'wake' couldn't even be recognized as one by now, it was quickly turning out to be a debauched party. Stood on her back doorstep, she grimaced as a stranger vomited meters from her feet. Stepping over his body and ignoring numerous others, she made her way to the stables. Her beloved horse, Ace, was galloping around the paddock and a wide smile graced Ellie's features as soon as she saw him. Before becoming close to the Bondurant brothers, Ace had been her only friend after her Mother, Clara became sick. The impressive stallion had been gift from Clara to Ellie and even as a toddler she had cherished him. Tears sprang to her eyes as she looked at him now, he was only a foal when he was given to her, a baby while she was one herself. She remembered how he'd looked back then, jet black fur and mane with white feet and a white stripe down his nose, her Mother had named him Ace based soully on his coloring while Ellie had decided on a generic name only an infant would think of. It was only after her Mother's death, she had taken to calling him his original name. He looked older now, almost thirty years old like herself, his mane didn't have the same silky black sheen anymore and parts of him had grayed with age. She took a few tentative steps towards him and reached out to stroke his face. The narrow minded people of the world dismissed horses as dumb animals but Ellie knew Ace recognized her. He didn't shy away, just snorted gently into her palm and Ellie smiled. \"Thought you'd be 'ere.\" A gruff voice declared and Ellie turned to see Jesse, standing by the stile. She shrugged and turned back to her horse. \"I saw what happened with Forrest.\" Ellie spun around, he sounded like he almost found it amusing and she furrowed her brow. \"And?\" \"And what did you think? That you an' Forrest would be Franklin's Bonnie an' Clyde again?\" He taunted. \"After all these years?\" She gave Ace one last pet and turned back to her 'Brother' who was smiling creepily at her. She slowly stepped forward and when she reached him she just stared hard at his face, narrowing her eyes. \"What the hell happened to you?\" He laughed but Ellie remained the same, looking into his eyes with concern. \"I'm serious, Jesse. You ain't the same.\" \"Well, who the hell is?\" He spat. \"You certainly ain't, Howard ain't and neither is Forrest.\" He said the middle brothers name mockingly and Ellie scowled at him. \"You might've had a fancy life in chicago but the rest of us've been here in Franklin, and life here don't change you for the better, Ellie-mae, you of all people should know that.\" With that, he spat on the ground, glaring at Ellie as he wiped his chin before turning and leaving her rooted to the spot.[Chapter 3] Malisha Bondurant sat in church with a proud smile on her face. Her husband Granville was by her side, nursing a newly born Jack as he slept and her two boys had, yet again, agreed to join them. She looked over to Howard and Forrest and pursed her lips at the sight of them, trying to hold back a laugh. Howard was not listening to the sermon, or making any effort to make it appear he was paying attention, the dried dirt on the toe of his boot was apparently a lot more interesting. Then, there was Forrest. Malisha had no misgivings about why her boys were suddenly so curious about religion, it wasn't God they were there for, little Eleanor Thomas was the reason. He was fidgeting something awful, his eyes set on Ellie's usual space right at the front, where she always sat on her own. Right before Forrest would wordlessly leave his family and join her, Howard following seconds later. But Ellie wasn't there today, an extinct occurrence that obviously worried her son. In fact, it worried her too. Clara and Ellie Thomas always attended church and the little girl especially seem to take extra comfort in her faith, even more so when Clara had become sick. From then on, Ellie would just attend alone. She reached out to place a hand on Forrest's leg, which was bobbing up and down in anticipation, he looked up at her and she leaned down to whisper in his ear. \"You go on an' find your friend.\" She said and he did instantly, quickly but quietly slipping from his seat and out of the church, leaving a disgruntled Howard who folded his arms in a huff. Forrest didn't bother checking Ellie-Mae's house, she was hardly ever home. Instead, he headed straight for the rope swing she'd shown him the day they first met, then the huge log by the lake where they often sat and talked, then finally, the old willow in the corn field. His running slowed when she came into view and he paused, frowning as he studied the back of her head. She wasn't sat high in the tree like normal, she wasn't singing a song to herself, her hair wasn't tied up in cute braids like usual and she wasn't impeccably dressed. Alternatively, she was on her knees by the tree stump, her white dress was covered in mud, her hair was loose and looked like it hadn't been brushed in days and she was whispering with her head bowed. \"Ellie?\" The whispering stopped and she lifted her head, but she didn't turn to look at him. \"What'chu doin'?\" \"Prayin'\" She squeaked. \"Why ain't you prayin' at church?\" Forrest asked carefully, taking slow steps to his friend. She still hadn't looked at him and it unnerved him. Something was wrong, he could feel it. \"I ain't friends with God t'day, For'st.\" She finally spun on her knees and he gulped, taking in her tear stained face and puffy eyes. He was so used to seeing her angelic face with a smile on it, he wasn't prepared to see it so sad. \"He took my Momma.\" Her lip quivered when she spoke the words in a whisper and her face scrunched up, and before he knew it she had leapt to her feet and thrown her tiny arms around his waist, sobbing loudly into his shoulder. He froze on the spot. Comforting friends, especially girls was completely alien to Forrest, he was not a boy that was fond of touching or hugging, it always made him feel awkward. But, for his friend who was clearly heartbroken, his arms hesitantly moved to return her hug, one hand stiffly patting her shoulder. But the small action, however unnatural it felt to him, was appreciated by Ellie and after been stood that way for a while, her cries finally died down. She pulled back from him and Forrest surprised himself when he wiped at her damp face with the sleeve of his jacket. \"God didn't take your Momma, Ellie-Mae, she just got sick.\" He said with a sympathetic smile, he watched as she paused, her mind turning over his words before she nodded sadly. They'd stayed out late by the willow tree that night, not playing like they did ordinarily but just talking. Forrest listened intently as Ellie talked fondly of her Mother but she didn't cry again, instead, her chubby cheeks were set in a permanent sad smile that made him feel even worse. He'd left her well after sun-down and had been reluctant to do so even then, but Ellie promised she would head home soon after him. He doubted she did. After the funeral, Forrest assumed Ellie would steadily get back to normal but she only got worse. She acted like she was fine. She dressed in the same pretty frocks and dolly shoes her Mother used to choose for her, she even struggled to braid her hair each morning and whenever Forrest and Howard would see her she'd be wearing a smile. Howard didn't notice a difference but the middle brother knew better, he'd been on the receiving end of enough of the little girl's smiles to know that the current ones were fake. He never voiced his concerns though, he just made sure that he was with her as often as his Mother allowed him to be. It wasn't until one mid-summers night that Forrest began questioning the root cause of his friends unhappiness. They had been in her empty house, all three of them, bored to their wits end and seeking shelter from the sweltering heat when Ellie-Mae suggested they bake a cake. It was an ambitious suggestion from a girl who could only just reach the kitchen counter but the two boys had agreed. Howard, been the only one tall enough to do most of the work, had taken control of the activity, ordering the two others to do the more menial task and Forrest and Ellie had become bored quickly. So Ellie had started a chain of events by cracking an egg on Howards shoulder, her high pitched giggle echoing through the whole house as yellow goo dripped down his arm. Forrest recognised Ellie's mischievous laughter as the most genuine he'd heard in months and certainly didn't want it to stop. He reached for another egg and with lightning speed planted it on the top of Howards head, watching from behind his brother with a smile as Ellie broke out into new fits of giggles. Howard had been understandably annoyed at first but as he stood frozen while the disgusting splodge dripped onto his face his shoulders began to shake, the girl's infectious laughter rubbing off on him. Their baking had soon escalated into a full on food fight, all three of them covered in flour and cake mixture, red faced from laughing and running from room to room. Their excitement had eventually died down, the trio attempting to catch their breath from all the exertion when Ellie had stiffened, the smile falling from her face and she ran to her living room, jumping onto the couch to peer out of the window. \"What's wrong, Ellie?\" Howard asked, looking to Forrest questioningly. \"My pa's back.\" She leaped from the couch and stormed over to them, grabbing Forrest by the arm and tugging. \"C'mon, we gotta go.\" Forrest relented and allowed Ellie to lead him through the messy kitchen and to the back door, she pushed it open but faltered, looking back at Howard with confusion. \"H'ard, c'mon!\" \"We can't just leave your house like this for 'im to find, we gotta clean up.\" He said with a bemused chuckle. \"Please, H'ard...For'st tell 'im to come.\" Ellie's eye's were begging Forrest and he signalled his brother with a sharp inclination of his head, Howard rolled his eyes and reluctantly followed. Trailing behind as Ellie sprinted fast as she could through the overgrown corn field, falling to her knee's when she reached the willow tree and clasping her hands in front of her. Squeezing her eyes shut tight, she began whisper an urgent prayer. For the first time, Howard was worried and looked at his younger brother who was listening to her prayer and looking on with something akin to terror. For whatever reason, Ellie was scared, for her safety and for theirs. And as an angry male voice hollered her name out into the field, it dawned on the two boys that it wasn't the death of Clara that had made Ellie so unhappy, it was having to live with her Father. ","Summary":" Franklin County, 1908. A ten-year old Howard Bondurant dragged his younger sibling down the long di"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"I'll Fly Away","Author":"mountainchique","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8945515","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'll Fly Away \"When the shadows of this life have gone I'll fly away Like a bird from these prison walls I'll fly I'll fly away Oh how glad and happy when we meet I'll fly away No more cold iron shackles on my feet I'll fly away\" *** I do not own Lawless or the Bondurant boys! I am just a fan of the movie and particularly Tom Hardy with a few connections to Virginia myself! This is my first fanfiction so please read and review. I'll take any and all constructive criticism J *** I'm still not sure how I wound up in Franklin County, Virginia. I had a tendency, that once I had my mind wondering, my feet were sure to do the same. It was summer, the nights were long and warm, and you were never alone. There was always a buzz in the air, it was close. The crickets and caddy-dids sang aloud, while the moon hung huge in the sky. It was summer in the mountains, and I was happy to be home. It was prohibition-era Virginia, Franklin County to be exact; and I was starting over. I had tried to make it in the big city, but given my looks, I often found myself not welcomed, or shunned. While I was of an Irish name, Kait MacMahon, my appearance was surely a disparity. My mother was Cherokee Indian, the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I had lighter skin than my mother, and the facial features of my father; but I was not of the build of a white woman. I had curves, but defined muscles in my legs and arms from the work I had put in on the family farm; and long black hair…and some even said black eyes. The women in the city all were tall and slender, with porcelain skin. I had none of this, and was thus an outsider to them. The only thing I had of envy to them was a necklace my mother had given to me when I turned 12. Made of Indian turquoise, it was a small stone on a silver chain which shown brilliantly against my tanned skin. That, after a few looks from the rich women of the town, I kept hidden, close to my heart, but it never came off…. Anywhere I went in the city, I received unwelcoming stares from the other women. They all seemed uncomfortable that an Indian woman was in the same establishments as themselves. It made it hard to find a decent job, and I certainly had the misfortune of attracting much unwanted attention from many lonely and desperate men. I had originally grown up in Virginia, but further north where my family had owned a small farm. Both of my parents had passed when I was young, around the age of 13. I had taught myself to survive off of the things that Daddy had had time to teach me. It was a solid life, but a lonely one. I had no family nor friends nearby and nothing to stay for. When I turned 18, I caught a ride to Baltimore, and took the first train to New York. I had gone there in the hopes of finding a lost brother of my father who had chosen to stay in the city when my father and his family came to this country. However, my journey ended with the discovery he had passed a year before from the Spanish flu. I had no money for a train ticket back to Baltimore, so I settled into the city life for a while. Doing odds and ends jobs, I tried to survive in a world I did not belong in. Five years have passed, and I feel as if I've seen too much for my short twenty three years on this earth. The city is a different world from the country, and it ages people. I needed time to slow down. To reconnect to my past and everything I had tried so hard to bury. I'm not sure why I went south, other than I had heard of possible job prospects in Franklin, it was called the \"Wettest County in the World.\" With the prohibition still on, moonshining had become a regular business in the mountains. I had some experience with it while I had been living by myself in Buena Vista. I would use the orchard apples and mulberry bush berries to makes a few jars for the few neighbors I did have. At least I would know what I was doing and feel like I belonged again. So I packed up the few things I had, and headed South. Surely, I would find a good job and peace there.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 I didn't remember anything, other than waking up to someone standing over me. My head was pounding, and if at all possible, my knees and legs felt worse. My vision was blurry as I slipped in and out of consciousness. My right eye was almost swollen shut. I could feel the heat; smell the dried blood on my face. I made out the outline of the sun….how long had I been out? I couldn't remember….The person standing over me was saying something but I couldn't understand, my mind couldn't make sense of it. Last I remembered it was night, and I was running….but running away from what? I couldn't remember…. \"Hey, what's yer name?\" was all I could understand. I managed to murmur out \"Kait,\" before passing out for good. I'm not sure how much time had passed; a few days, a week maybe. But I awoke one morning, sun on my face, streaming in through a window; the warmth awaking my brain. I was in a bed, in a small room in what appeared to be a log cabin type building. There were a few newspaper clippings on the wall. I heard a few voices coming from what seemed like downstairs. I tried lifting myself up to sit up. Instantly I felt a shooting pain down the right side of my body. I lifted off the covers to examine my leg; someone had already wrapped a white bandage around my knee. A few blood stains were bleeding through and my head was still pounding. My right eye was definitely still swollen, though not nearly as bad as it was when I had first come to… Before I had much time to do some examining of my new surroundings, I heard a few unsteady footsteps coming down the hallway; the person seemed to have a slight limp. I threw the blanket back over my leg and sunk back into bed, keeping an eye on the door. A boy, maybe sixteen or seventeen, swung his head into my room. He had messy brown hair and the sweetest smile. I knew he could be trusted. \"You're awake! I found you and I was so 'fraid you was dead…\" \"So you saved me then?\" I asked. \"I believe I owe you a thanks.\" I tried sitting up halfway, as much as I could muster, and stuck out my right hand. \"What's your name?\" \"Names Cricket, ma'am.\" He extended his hand. I took it, \"I'm Kait, very pleased to meet you Cricket, and thank you for saving my life.\" I smiled warmly at him. There were a few seconds of silence until the thought popped in my head… \"so where exactly are we?\" He got a smile on his face, \"We're at The Station in Franklin….you were hurt purdy bad when I found ya, didn't know where else to take ya….My friend Jack and his brothers own the place. They, well I should say Maggie, wrapped ya up pretty good!\" He seemed proud of himself. So I was 'in town', as the outsiders called it, probably ten miles or so from my cabin. But what had happened that night and how did I fall? I hadn't been in Franklin for more than a few weeks. What was I running from? \"Say Cricket, where did you find me, did you see me have my accident?\" \"No ma'am, I didn't see nothin. Just happened upon you on the way out of town. Looked like ya clean fell off the cliff or somethin…say, what were you doin up there anyways?\" \"You know, I was kinda hoping you could help me with that, I can't seem to remember.\" I shrugged my shoulders and Cricket told me I should rest. He was going to run downstairs to get me my clothes. Apparently this 'Maggie' had washed them for me too. He returned a few minutes later with the brown trousers and white wife beater I had been wearing the night of the accident; along with my underwear and bra. I could see his cheeks turn a bright shade of pink when he handed the latter to me. \"You know, Forrest is gonna be happy to see you up. He kept checkin on you…he helped me pick you up and bring ya back here, seemed pretty worried and all. I'll let em know you're awake!\" With that he spinned around and headed downstairs, seemingly pretty excited. Well I didn't know who this Forrest was, but it seemed like I owed him a big thanks, too. I got dressed, tucked my trousers into my boots I had been wearing that were set at the end of the bed for me. Good thing that the pants were so loose so that the bandage could fit underneath. I tucked the wife beater into the trousers, the only acceptable shirt to wear to me seeing as it was so hot, and felt my fingers run over Momma's necklace, making sure it was still there. I threw my hair up into a messy bun, and knew I was a sight to behold, a sore one at that. Here in the country, you didn't see many a women wearing trousers; in fact it was looked upon harshly by many of the men. My skin was still deeply tanned from the summer sun, and my hair had grown long, practically down to my hips from the lack of salons here in the country. A few loose strands feel from my bun, snaking their way down my back. I knew I looked wild, and I liked it. I did the best I could to steady myself, holding onto the bed for support, crinkling my nose in pain, I did the best I could to straighten up and make my way downstairs. I followed the hallway down to a staircase, gripping the banister with all the strength I could muster, and notice it opened up to what seemed to be a bar like restaurant. There were a few people scattered among the tables, mostly rough looking men sipping what seemed to be moonshine from mason jars. There was a red headed lady behind the bar in a fancy dress outfit: that must be Maggie. There was another young man, around Cricket's age sitting at the bar talking to her, filling salt jars. A second was standing in the corner, arms crossed sipping on a mason jar making small chat with the young man sitting at the bar. Cricket came around the corner with a huge smile on his face, \"Jack, Howard, this is Kait, look, she's awake!\" The young man sitting at the bar turned around to face me, getting a big grin on his face too. The red headed woman at the bar nodded and gave me a polite smile, nothing more; then walked to the back kitchen. \"Well hi there, you're alive!\" Jack proclaimed. \"Sure am, thanks to Mr. Cricket here,\" I stuck out my hand, \"Kait, MacMahon.\" Shaking it, he replied, \"Jack Bondurant, pleased to meet ya ma'am, nice shiner ya got there\" he said pointing to my eye. \"This here is Howard, my oldest brother, don't know where Forrest went…\" Howard took another sip and nodded in my direction, looking a little nervous, and took off walking outside. I liked Jack and Cricket, even though they looked grown up, they still had their boyish personalities, and I knew there were good people. For what seemed like hours, with my leg and head were still pounding, Jack and Cricket asked me question after question. Where I was from, what I did in the big city, how I wound up back here….I noticed the sun starting to set, so I decided to get some fresh air. The boys had fed me, seemingly to some protest of Maggie, and given me a few shots of moonshine to ease the pain in my leg and head. I told the boys I'd be back when I noticed the large front porch off the front of the building. Perfect place to sit and rest for a while. I made my way out to the porch, pushing the screen door open, stepping out into the fresh air. I stood there for a couple of seconds, taking in the smells, that heavy scent of pine and grass from a southern summer evening. I stretched my arms up into the sky, breathing in deep, yawning and rolling my head around in the process, trying to get the kinks out of my neck. It was then I noticed someone sitting to my left. I immediately swung my arms down to my side, feeling a little embarrassed and caught off guard. There was slow gurgle it seemed like coming from his throat, a few mumbling sounds. Then he managed the words, \"Afternoon, good to see you 'wake.\" He talked slowly and with a deep voice and southern accent. He chose he words carefully. I nodded my head, short on words, because not only did the man catch me off guard, but he had a stature about him, like he could strike at any moment. It seemed like his steel eyes could read my thoughts, and nervousness; though I recognized the fluttering in my stomach and knew this was all in my head. I recognized instantly the attractiveness of this man. His wide shoulders, defined jaw, light blonde hair, and his perfect lips…something that drew my attention when he took so long to get out his thoughts. \"Afternoon,\" was all I could manage, \"you must be Forrest.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 ** Again, I do not own any rights to the movie \"Lawless\" or any of the character in the movie. I am just a fan!** I had been staying at the Station for a few weeks now; Forrest had let me, until my leg healed. I had taken to doing little chores around the place. It kept me busy and made me feel like I wasn't intruding. In my time at the Station, I had become pretty close with Jack and Cricket; Forrest and Howard kept their distance, on account of Forrest being the strong silent type and Howard being drunk most of the time and I felt as if I made him a little nervous. It was true Forrest never said much, but I knew he was keeping an eye on me. Whether it was because he did not fully trust me, or for other reasons, I wasn't entirely sure. He was definitely a hard man to read. It was a hot summer afternoon when I came back to the Station from picking up a few things at the Feed Store in town. I had gone with Jack, but left him behind when he got side tracked trying to talk to Bertha Minnix, the preachers daughter and whom I suspected he had a bit of a crush on. I was dressed in only a pair of dark khaki slacks and black wife beater with my turquoise necklace; again, it was too damn hot to wear much of anything else. I walked in and grabbed a mason jar of cool water from Maggie, nodding and giving a half smile as she slid the glass across the counter to me. She hadn't quite taken to me either yet. I took a seat at one of the tables and let my body temperature come back down to normal. After a few minutes, I spotted a broom over in the corner by the bar. I grabbed it, trying to make myself useful. I headed out to the front porch, figuring on sweeping it, trying to make the place look just a little bit cleaner. I had just creaked the screen door open when I stopped dead in my tracks. Forrest was up out of his rocking chair, having a confrontation with several officers. There were a few cop cars and nicer looking cars parked in the lot. Whatever they were discussing, it did not seem to be going well for Forrest. It was then I saw him. A tall, dark man with greased back hair and fancy suit came walking up to Forrest. He pointed a finger at him, pushing it reassuringly into Forrest's chest. This man looked familiar. I couldn't quite pinpoint it, but I didn't feel like I knew him; rather it felt like he was from a bad dream and I was having déjà vu seeing him. Afraid of what might happen next and not thinking clearly, I pushed the door open and stepped out onto the porch. I walked out, the door slamming behind me. It was in that instance that I felt my world stop. The man in the fancy suit with greased back hair stopped saying whatever he was saying to Forrest and snapped his head towards me. He looked me up and down; stopping, I noticed, to linger a few more moments looking at where my turquoise necklace fell on my chest. I watched in horror as his arms slowly fell, any menacing look he had in his face sank away, his eyes opening wide. Forrest followed his gaze over to me, keeping a close eye on what this creep might do next. This man had already pushed Forrest to his limit, and now he was just looking for an excuse. Before Forrest could do anything, the man had rounded up his henchmen and within seconds they were back in their cars, driving off into the distance. Not before his car slowed down to give Forrest a one last, \"This isn't over yet,\" before driving off for good. There were a few seconds of silence, which seemed to last forever, as the dust settled from the cars settled back into the ground. Forrest stayed glued to his spot on the ground, and I stayed put on the porch. That man had knew me, and I had scared him off, or at least, startled him for now. After what seemed like ten minutes, Forrest wheeled around and made his way up the porch not making eye contact with me. As he brushed by me, he grunted out, \"Follow me,\" walking straight into the Station. He was thinking, trying to make sense of what had just happened. The sun had started to set, and most of the customers had gone for the day. Maggie was cleaning up behind the bar, but after Forrest came in, me following at his heels, she seemed to hurry in her work to make light of the awkward situation. Everyone knew, or at least from what I picked up on they did, that Maggie had a thing for Forrest. Though it seemed as if Forrest was oblivious. Seeing him pay attention to anyone else nearly put the girl in manic depressive states. Ignoring her, I followed Forrest to the back table where Jack and Cricket were sitting. They both were sitting wide eyed, startled, and waiting for an explanation. \"Sit.\" Forrest ordered. \"What tha hell was that?\" I sat for a few minutes in silence, carefully trying to choose my words. I felt like I was already a burden upon the boys and Maggie for being there. And now, out of the blue, this crazy man who had come there to apparently threaten their business and whole way of life, was apparently threatened and scared by me. \"First, I don't know who that man was. I felt like I had maybe seen em' before, like in a nightmare, but I swear Forrest, I ain't got no idea who he is.\" I looked up from my position of staring at the table, making eye contact with him across the table. I wanted him to know I was sincere, and for what it was worth, a little scared too. \"You may not know him, but he sure as hell knew you\" he stated. Not sure how this conversation was going, I offered up the obvious. \"I'll leave the Station then. It's only fair. I've stayed too long anyways, and this guy can't be comin' round here lookin for me. Not with your business and all.\" While I had been staying there, Jack had leaked the family secret to me; not to mention the obviousness when he kept showing up in nicer clothes…without having a legitimate job. I began biting my lower lip, nervous, trying to figure where I could go next….back to the cabin maybe? But I couldn't remember what had happened the night of my accident, and if it was even safe to go back there. \"No.\" He caught my attention and I snapped my head back up, making eye contact again. \"You need ta stay here, ya can't be runnin' round when this guy is still in town. You'll stay here at the Station until this is taken care of.\" There was a moment of silence, then he lifted his head to look me in the eye, \"Ain't nothin gonna happen to you Kait.\" He stayed there for a few moments, I felt as if he was peering into the deepest darkest places of my soul, like he knew exactly how I was feeling without having to ask. Whatever fear the greasy man had put into my mind was suddenly gone, I felt safe and relaxed. Then he was gone. ","Summary":" I'll Fly Away \"When the shadows of this life have gone I'll fly away Like a bird from these prison"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"A Light In the Dark","Author":"morglaw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11307142","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! Sorry to all of you waiting for an update on my Justified story. Just haven't felt any inspiration for that one in a while. But I swear as soon as I do I'll be all over it. In any case I had a sudden thought about Lawless and I could not get it out of my head. Hopefully there won't be any sign of writer's block, but no promises. Either way your support is appreciated :) On we go! Chapter One - Mood Indigo \"...You ain't been blue, Till you've had that mood indigo. That feelin' goes stealin' down to my shoes While I sit and sigh, 'Go 'long blues'...\" - Duke Ellington \"This is a bad idea Issac...\" The weather hadn't let up since they'd left Baltimore and that had been over five hours ago. Lucy couldn't remember seeing rain so heavy in all her life. Sighing she tried to relieve the ache in her lower back by shifting, for what seemed like the millionth time, in the passenger side seat of her older brother's prized T-Ford. She had offered to drive a ways back, but Issac had insisted that it would only get more dangerous to drive the further they journeyed into this 'country'. Glancing into the back seat, Lucy wanted to scoff at the how picturesque it looked. Issac had brought along his violin, as he rarely traveled without it, and she had brought along her knitting, mostly out of habit as well. None of it was anything that anyone would really consider out of the ordinary for a family trip. Looking out the window at the seemingly endless backwoods, dense with the foliage of evergreens, the common saying 'April showers bring May flowers' passed through Lucy's mind. Sniffing she tried discern more of her surroundings through the water splattered glass. Beyond a few sign posts that she could barely make out, most of the road looked the same as it had since they had entered Virginia. The path to North Carolina wasn't by any means meant to be a simple one. Issac had warned her that he wouldn't be stopping for anything but gas and food. The Depression had brought out the worst in people everywhere but there were all sorts of stories about folks in these parts. The ban on alcohol had created a sense similar to the old west out here. Lucy's mind drifted to the loaded 38 in the glove box and how strange a feeling it was to not have watchmen patrolling the streets or a police station nearby. Her stomach lurched as the car dipped into yet another hollow spot in the road. Though he had slowed down some once the dirt road gave way to slushy mud Issac's eagerness to reach Greensboro was unfettered. It nearly matched Lucy resistance to arrive at their destination. In fact that was the very reason they had argued a couple of hours ago just as they had crossed over the state line. Since then they had been sitting in complete silence. This was largely why her brother only replied to Lucy's assertion after a long measured silence. \"Why'd you say that?\" He asked, his blue gaze never leaving the shadowy evening trail before them. Biting her bottom lip, Lucy's brown eyes scanned through the windows once more, nervously watching the small distance in front of car illuminated by two dull headlights. \"You've been driving a long time. Don't you think we oughta stop for the night at least?\" Watching his face now, Lucy could make out his sharp jaw setting and his undeniably handsome countenance growing severe. 'He has to agree...' It seemed that in the past hour the roads had only gotten darker and stranger. More than that she couldn't shake the feeling that they had veered off course somewhere. \"Not this again...\" he shook his brown-haired head wearily. Immediately Lucy's eyes narrowed. She slumped back into her seat. Not really in the mood to fight but unable to help herself, she asked, \"What do you mean?\" Rolling his eyes as though she had turned back into a six year old child, he stated, \"We're not going back. Not yet.\" \"I didn't say anything about going back.\" \"No. But I know you Luciana. I know you're waiting for a chance to convince me otherwise.\" Slouching further back into her seat the blonde woman tugged at the stray hairs that had fallen out of her simple braid. She'd been caught. He knew her better then she liked to admit. But instead of relenting she decided to bite back. \"Don't call me that. I hate it when you talk to me like your Daddy or Momma.\" He flinched at that. \"That's your name Lucy. And I will address you as I see fit, especially when your acting like a petulant child.\" \"I am not!\" She resisted the urge to give him a flick on the nose. \"Then why can't you see that this is the only way. I have tried Lucy. After everything we've been through, you must know that I've tried.\" \"I do...\" Her voice softened slightly, before her stubborn streak slipped out \"...But it could work.\" \"Luciana.\" He gritted out in frustration, his grip on the steering wheel tightened. \"It could.\" Lucy mumbled. \"How many times do I have to say this? It won't. I can't do it and neither can you.\" \"I'm 22. I'm not a baby anymore. I don't need you t... ISSAC!\" She woke up to the sound of water dripping on to metal and an engine clicking over. Her eyes fluttered. Lucy could see a harsh yellow light that she was able to recognize as a naked bulb. It took a moment for her to remember what had happened. She could still feel the impact of her brother's long arm across her chest, from where he had clearly tried to brace her against her seat. It's weight was making her cough. She attempted speaking, which only made her cough harder. \"I- Issac...\" she hacked, unwinding the defensive grasp of her own arms from around herself. Lucy tried to focus as she blinked water from her brown eyes. She saw the driver side door and part of the hood of the car crumpled against a large tree. She saw her big brother's head smashed against the steering wheel, blood coming out of his nose and... 'oh god,' her eyes caught on the arm that was now resting in her lap, that he used to play chords, that he'd lain out to protect her. She could see the bone was sticking out. Whimpering Lucy looked over at her brother. \"Issac, please wake up.\" Her voice cracked as she spoke. She reached out to touch his shoulder gently, before shaking him with more force. \"Issac, please!\" Lucy cried, pulling on his brown curls like she had done so many times in their childhood to annoy him. He didn't respond, he simply lay limp against the wheel. Dead to the world. 'No. Not dead...' Lucy swallowed thickly. Raising her fingers just under his nose. She released a breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding when she felt a puff of warm air against her skin. 'He's alive Lucy. And he needs you to keep your head.' Her chocolate eyes darted downwards. She cleared out the buzzing in her head, wiggled her toes and forced herself to move. Tenderly she lifted his arm off of her legs and heaved the car door on her side open with a grunt. The rain had stopped and even though some of the clouds had cleared and the half moon was shining, it somehow felt as though the night had gotten even darker by Lucy's reckoning. 'No one came by...' Lucy ignored the stab of panic at the realization of how isolated they were out here. Turning back to her brother she wondered what the right course of action would be. Recalling his many lessons about car safety and fuel lines, she knew getting him away from the car was probably what he'd want her to do. Lucy grabbed onto the shoulders of his previously clean white shirt and pulled hard so that he flopped over to the passenger side seat. He hadn't reacted once, but still as Lucy reached under his arms to get a stronger grip on him, she spoke as though he could hear her, \"I'm sorry.\" With that she heaved him out of the car. His feet landed on the mud with a sickening splat. Inhaling deeply Lucy began dragging her brother away from the wreck. She didn't know how long she had been pulling and tugging for in the slippery mud, all she knew was that her arms felt like lead and her lungs were straining to get air. Her brother wasn't exactly large. While he had some muscle and could hold his own in a fight he wasn't a big man. But at 5' 10'' he had 6 inches on her and that seemed to translate to her struggling to move his unconscious body more than a few meters. 'No one's come by...' it had been some time and under the light of the stars Lucy could see that her brother needed some kind of medical attention and without a car to get him any help he might not make it to see the morning. Biting her lips, Lucy pushed past the aching in her lower spine. Rubbing the back of her mud covered hand over her forehead, Lucy paused to catch her breath and her bearings. Spotting some growth on the side of the road she sank to her knees and rolled Issac towards the underbrush. Hiding him as best as she could so that thieves or worse would not see him, Lucy leaned in to kiss his forehead. Wiping away the dirt and pushing his unruly curls away from his peaceful face she whispered into his ear. \"I'll come back. I swear it. We'll make it through this too.\" Running back to the car, Lucy retrieved a blanket that had fallen to the floor from the back seat and switched off the car's ignition. All at once everything was flooded in inky darkness, and it seemed only a few stars lit the way ahead of her. Instinctively Lucy thought of the gun in the glove box. Grabbing the cold object and clutching it to her side, the blonde haired woman slammed the car door closed. Not wanting to check his breathing because she was fearful of what she would find, Lucy laid the blanket over her brother's pale form, lifeless form. \"I'll come back.\" She gave him a final kiss on the cheek. Her heart soon pounding as fast as her feet on the unsteady ground as she raced back to where she'd remembered seeing a sign in the road. It must have taken 20 minutes for Lucy to find the post stuck at a crossing. She had been second guessing herself the entire time, but now she was glad she had kept going. Following the arrows on the sign and taking a right at the fork Lucy carried on running, though she felt as though her heart was about to give out. 'Almost there. Almost there.' She repeated to herself, though she honestly had no clue how far away the 'Blackwater Station' noted on the sign was. She shook her head when she finally came upon the sight of a couple of gas pumps in front of log house on the side of a narrow road. She wanted to be sure she wasn't imagining it. It wasn't until she made past the parked jalopy next to the station and touched the actual oak beam supporting the oning of the porch that Lucy wanted to gasp in relief. However, she didn't allow herself that time. Impatiently she knocked on the glass panes cut into the front door of the place. \"Hello! Is anyone there?\" She knocked harder. \"I need help.\" Lucy shouted, \"HELLO!\" Hearing nothing her eyes went to the decrepit looking truck parked at the side of the cabin. She ran over to it and tried fruitlessly looking for the keys in the usual places... on top of the tires, under the seat. All of this had to have taken less than a minute, but now that she had reached somewhere, Lucy couldn't let anymore time go by. She ran over to the station's door once again. Hoping against all hope that she would be able to find the truck's keys inside or at the very least that in even this place so far removed from city life, there might be a phone that she could use to find help. There was a smash as the butt of her brother's gun broke through the pane of glass closest to the door knob. Lucy frantically worked to try to unlock the door. Succeeding, she took in a sharp breath, as a shard of glass scraped deeply into her forearm. With a hiss Lucy grabbed her bleeding arm, while keeping a firm grip on the gun. Moving inside towards the counter of what look to be a rest stop, Lucy's dark eyes searched for any sign of keys or a phone. She winced as she felt blood seeping through her fingers. She seemed to be moving much more slowly than she had been before. Her mouth felt dry. Shaking her head again, she tried to pay attention to the task at hand. 'Issac. Issac. Michael... No... Christian... No. No. No.' She could feel water on her cheeks as her vision started to blur. 'Issac. Issac. Issac.' The vision of his violin rotting away in the woods danced before her eyes now. Her body grew heavy. A light shone from somewhere as she mumbled wistfully out to her brother, \"I'm sorry\" and just like that the light disappeared. Hope you guys like it so far. Really excited about the story I've plotted out. Fingers crossed there's no writer's block and the excitement keeps me going. Please let me know what you think. You guys keep me going too :)[Chapter 2] Hi! Hope you're all enjoying the start of this story. Sorry it's taken so long to update. Though I try to be fast I guess I'm a fairly slow-going kind of writer. Apologies about the editing, I try my best. Chapter Two - Crossroad Blues \"I went to the crossroad, fell down on my knees I went to the crossroad, fell down on my knees Asked the lord above 'Have mercy, save poor Bob, if you please'...\" - Robert Johnson The first thing Lucy could feel were the muscles in her neck. They were straining to lift the suddenly impossibly huge weight of her head. Eyes unwilling to open, she relied on her other senses. She could feel a starchy softness covering her cold form. There was a cushion under her head and her body was resting on what felt like well worn lumpy mattress. The smell of dirt and musty air was floating around her. Absently her arms wound around her middle but then as clear as a bolt one thought filled her head. 'Issac!' Like shot she sat up, groaning loudly as she did. There was a pain on the back of her head and her arm was throbbing. Looking down she saw that a crude bandage had been wrapped around her left forearm. Taking in her surroundings in the dim daylight that was filtering through a moth eaten curtain covering the only window in the wooden room, she tried to piece together what had happened and more importantly how to get help to Issac. The old metal bed frame she was resting on squeaked as she moved to sit up on the mattress. Though she was in a rush, Lucy made sure to note that all of her clothing was still in place. Whoever had moved her to the bed had the decency to leave her dress and stockings on when they had brought her to this place. As she took rapid stock of everything on her body, she realized that the gun was missing. Scanning the room, she couldn't spot it. Other than a simple wooden table, a small mirror and the bed there was nothing in the sparsely furnished room. The image of Issac's bleeding head rammed into her mind once again. 'Don't have time...' with another groan Lucy pushed herself off the bed. Though she still walked with purpose Lucy had hoped for more strength than she felt in her limbs. Regardless of what seemed like kind treatment and her determination to get to her older brother no matter what, the young blonde woman had no idea what waited for her outside the entrance of this small room. Gripping the doorknob tightly she all but ripped the door open. Lucy jumped when she heard a crash and saw a fumbling body in the short corridor before her. In her fervor to not lose momentum she hadn't expected to run into anyone and was startled herself. \"Oh!\" The nervous young man's muffled voice spoke as he fumbled around to pick up the tray he had dropped. He seemed scattered as he placed the broken pieces of a plate and the eggs that had been on them on the tray. Slowly he stood up and looked shiftily at her with dark brown eyes. \"You're awake.\" \"I- Yes. Thank you for...\" squeezing her eyes closed, she tried to concentrate on brown haired man standing in front of her. Lucy's heart was thudding against her ribs as her slipping focus went back to her brother, \"... I'm sorry I can't...\" a new thought lighted in her mind, \"... did they find him?\" The man's brow furrowed. \"Forrest said it was just you. 'Less you got a partner that run off last night...\" 'It's only the next day...' Putting together what he was saying, Lucy responded, \"No. Not a partner... I-I have to go.\" She gave up trying to explain before she had even really started and brushed by the man towards the rickety looking stairs at the end of the hall. \"Ahh m'am. I don't think that'd be a good idea. You're lookin' mighty pale an'...\" Lucy had only been half listening as she made her way to the bottom of the steps. Her chocolate eyes quick scanned the rest stop. Empty of patrons, it reminded her vaguely of the shadowy scene she had barely absorbed last night before losing consciousness. The memories of the night prior struck her once again, causing her to turn on her heel and in turn make the young man who had been following her jerk back. \"I need help.\" He stared at her with something of a wince as though she were pointing out a painfully obvious fact. \"Please. My brother...\" his face grew somber as she went on, her voice wavering as she did \"...there was an accident. And...\" Lucy grimaced when she went to run her hand through her messy hair. She tugged some hardened chunks of what had to be blood out of her long, matted hair. Water filled her eyes, her lips were beginning to tremble. The young man watched her, \"Ya' bleedin' again?\" He asked, concern colouring his face. \"Uhh... no... I didn't even... kn-know I...\" Lucy rambled, brown eyes widely searching the modest sunlit place, her fingers rubbing the tender spot on the back of her head. Pushing aside her muddled thoughts she focused her attention on the man standing before her. \"Please. I had to leave him on the side of the road. I just need a car to get him to a doctor.\" She could see the dark eyed man reasoning internally. He seemed unsure of what to do. \"Please.\" She plead again, moving towards him when she saw the uncertainty in his expression. \"I can drive, I jus...\" \"Don't think that's a good idea m'am...\" with a sigh the lean man moved to the long counter bordering the right side of the station. Putting down the tray of broken white ceramic and wasted food he stated, \"All due respect m'am, but you don't look in no kind o' condition to be drivin'...\" he paused for a moment, before answering her questioning look \"... you're as pale as a dam...\" he caught himself before finishing the swear word. Coughing and shoving his hands anxiously in the pockets of his plain brown slacks, he carried on \"... as pale as a sheet... an' you're shakin' somethin' fierce...\" he added as though he didn't want to tell her that last particular detail about her appearance. Finally taking a moment to look down at herself properly, Lucy saw how blue her veins looked under her blood drained skin, she also noticed how her fingers quivered when she tried to hold them straight. Her eyes moved to the tattered and muddied dress that was she wearing. Lucy could see the faded periwinkle blue of the simple cotton beneath the grime, though she was small it barely fit her frame anymore but it had been the first dress she'd actually been proud of and it always gave her some comfort to feel the familiar fabric. She had made it for her mother, it had made the older woman so happy on the day she had presented it to her. Now, at this moment, it made Lucy want to cry. Clasping her hands together to keep them from shaking, Lucy's desperate brown eyes made their way back to meet the stranger's sympathetic consideration. Letting out a breath that had caused his cheeks to puff out, he shook his head at his well worn shoes. \"Forrest's gonna kill me...\" she barely heard his voice, as he lifted his gaze and mumbled wearily. \"Well, m'am suppose I'll be drivin' ya' then.\" Lucy tried to swallow past the lump in her throat while resisting the urge to vomit as the rickety truck sped over the uneven roads of this Virginia backwater. She was forcing herself to scan the trees for any sign of landmarks from the night before. She had bit her lip at the fork in the road. Before telling her new found driver to go down the path that they were currently on. She wracked her brain, silently praying that she hadn't wasted more time by leading them the wrong way. Her heart leapt when saw Issac's T-Ford was still rammed against the tree just ahead on the muddy road. 'No one came...' her mind repeated it's mantra from last night. She wasn't sure if she was relieved or frightened by that fact anymore. \"S-stop,\" her voice was scratchy. \"But the car's righ...\" \"He's not in the car.\" Needing no more explanation the brown eyed man pulled over to the side of the road. Quick as a cat, Lucy jumped out as soon as they had come to a stop. She was having trouble remembering exactly where she had dragged Issac to, but she was certain by the shape of the low hanging branch above her that it had to have been here. She simply couldn't spot him. \"He was right here.\" She heard the man step out of the car behind her as she gestured wildly and paced over the muddy ground. \"He in the bushes?\" The man moved closer to the foliage from the side of the road. \"H-he...\" Lucy's voice broke. \"He's there.\" She pointed to a well concealed bit of underbrush at the base of a shallow incline, which she had neglected to recall. The man followed the path she had pointed to, bending to push aside some sticks and leaves. Lucy held her breath, she heard her heart pounding in her ears. Her arms squeezed around her centre. After what seemed like a lifetime the young man finally called out, \"He's here!\" His arms started moving more frantically. Lucy gasped in relief, \"He's there.\" She breathed out to herself. She could feel her body become heavy with emotion, she gripped the hood of the man's truck, realizing for the first time that she had been slowly backing away from the scene by the bushes without knowing it. \"Is he-\" her voice cracked, she swallowed before trying again in a weak voice \"... Is he alive?\" Her stomach throbbed as her hold on the car became as tight as she could make it. 'Oh Lord. Please. Not like... Christian and Michael and... no...' Her head felt as though it was swimming as she listened desperately for the man's answer. \"Yes!\" With that Lucy sank to the ground, so overcome by the weight of her relief that she could barely take it. She wanted to cry and sing at the same time, until the young man spoke again. \"But barely. We gotta get him to a doctor right quick, Miss.\" The man grunted as he was clearly trying to shift Issac's body. After a short struggle the man looked over his shoulder at the weary woman on the road and asked, \"Could yah help? Can't move the car any closer, on account o' the mud and he's a hefty fella.\" Biting her lip, Lucy forced herself to gather any strength she had left and hoisted herself up off the ground. Shakily she walked towards the pair, her brown eyes unwilling to see the state her big brother was in. When they finally landed on his pale, broken form she wanted to collapse down to the dirt all over again. \"Come on now.\" The young dark haired man gripping Issac beneath arms heaved out a breathless exhale. Lucy could tell he wanted to curse. \"How'd he get this far anyway?\" The man gritted out. Sniffing Lucy reached for her brother's feet. \"I dragged him.\" As she lifted Issac's legs as much as she could, Lucy could feel the young man's surprised stare on her. \"Well I'll be god-damned.\" Hope you enjoyed it even though it was a little short. Please forgive the editing and let me know what you think so far. I'd really love to hear :)[Chapter 3] Hey! Thanks so much for the support :) I really appreciate it. Once again sorry about the editing. I'll keep trying to work on it. Chapter Three - A-tisket A-tasket \"... A-tisket, a-tasket I lost my yellow basket Won't someone help me find my basket And make me happy again, again?...\" - Ella Fitzgerald Lucy sat, waiting on a long bench in the corridor of the small hospital. It may have been judgmental to think, but now more than ever, Lucy wished that they were back in the city with all of the newfangled medical gadgets and not in this dour backwater county. The sound of tearing brought Lucy out of her worried haze. She looked up to her right to see the young man who had helped her, nervously trying to stick the edges of a frayed curtain he had just been fiddling with back together. Eventually he gave up and inconspicuously shoved his hands in his pockets and tried to walk away with his hands clean. He stopped though once he realized that Lucy had been watching him. He held her stare in an awkward silence. After he had dropped them off at the hospital, Lucy had expected the man to return to his own affairs but he had found her after he had parked his truck and she had admitted Issac into Dr. Newton's care. And now here he was. This stranger who was sharing a strange silence with her and waiting to hear the fate of her brother... her only brother, the only family she had left. 'That's not true...' Her arms wove around her middle once more. Her stomach twisted. For once it felt empty, for once she didn't feel like throwing up... it should have been a good feeling, but it wasn't. She didn't want to be alone. She looked up at the man who, after all he had already done, had not abandoned her in her time of need. It had been so quiet that his voice had shocked her a bit by breaking the silence when he finally spoke. \"You know, never did get your name Miss...\" he trailed off waiting for her to offer her name. Blinking at the invitation to make polite conversation, Lucy took a moment to respond, clearing her throat before she did. \"Luciana... Lucy Mills.\" A genuine smile broke across his face as he held out his hand and walked towards her. \"Well, pleased to make your acquaintance Miss. Lucy. I'm Jack Bondurant.\" Lucy was able to muster up a twitch of her lips and a lackluster handshake, which considering how horrible she was feeling was quite an achievement. \"You ain't from around here are yah?\" \"Baltimore.\" \"You and your brother visitin' family in these parts?\" 'Family...' that word put a lump in Lucy's throat. Her eyes glazed over with water and her thoughts went to the room. Clearly taking in her low demeanor, Jack went on talking in a soft way. \"I reckon your brother'll be all right.\" Lucy remained silent. Jack seemed to sense his misstep as he fell mute as well. After a spell of staring absently down the hall, Lucy looked up to the young man to ask in a broken whisper, \"How can you be sure?\" A new spark lit in his dark eyes. Causing another young boy's face to flash through her mind. 'He looks so much like Christi...' Lucy forced herself to stop her train of thought, she wasn't sure would be able to handle anymore sadness. Luckily Jack was still there and willing to distract her, \"Honest Miss. Lucy.\" He went on, his excitement about the subject causing him to forgo propriety as he took a seat next to her on the bench, \"I got a knack for knowin' these things, on account of... well on account of how us...\" he waved his hand in front of his proud chest \"... that is my brothers and me are death proof.\" That last part of his statement got Lucy's attention, \"Death proof?\" She questioned turning in her seat to face him properly. \"Yes m'am. We survived damn...\" he paused to cough over his cursing once more before going on \"... most everything between us. Wars, sickness, slashings, bullets...\" Lucy wasn't sure what to say, her brown eyes simply widened at the list he gave her, which was contrary to the nonchalant way he was speaking. Watching his beaming face she thought to herself, 'Not everyone makes it through...' Clearly thinking he had reassured her, Jack gave her yet another encouraging smile. Blinking away the new wetness in her eyes, Lucy smiled weakly at his childish countenance. \"You're very lucky, not everyone is...\" she was having a hard time containing tears, as memories of pale lifeless forms flood her mind. \"Miss. Mills.\" Lucy was jolted out of her thoughts by a kind voice above. She had been so distracted she hadn't noticed Dr. Newton approaching. Standing up quickly Lucy spoke before she could help herself, \"How is he? Is he awake? Is he... Is he...\" \"Miss. Mills, I know it's difficult but I need you to calm down.\" Lucy resisted the urge to wring the grey haired man by the neck, instead she made herself breathe slowly. The doctor went to eyeing Jack, who he obviously recognized, before addressing Lucy once again. \"Now, we can talk in private if you wish...\" \"It's fine.\" Lucy blurted out quickly, \"Please just tell me how my brother is.\" With a small breath, Dr. Newton said calmly. \"He's stable.\" Lucy could feel herself practically lift off the ground with relief at that statement. \"But...\" the doctor went on, Lucy felt herself crash back down. \"His head sustained a significant injury. He's alive and his body is able to breathe, albeit poorly and he is not conscious.\" Her hearing felt fuzzy. \"Not conscious.\" Lucy sounded out as though she were trying to figure out the meaning of the words she had just heard. The kind eyed doctor gave her sympathetic look, \"I'm afraid so. It's uncertain when or if he'll wake up.\" \"Wake up...\" she whispered, Lucy could feel her heart sinking. \"He's in need of constant medical care and will have to stay here. The cost alone is quite a...\" Even though he was speaking clearly, she was having trouble understanding what he was saying. All she could see was Issac's violin, sitting in a grey room with all of the the lights slowly burning out. Cutting through the white noise Lucy spoke over the doctor. \"I need to see him.\" \"I... of course.\" Dr. Newton gave her a sympathetic smile before leading her down the long echoing hallway. Lucy felt like a shaking leaf as he directed her through a door into a basically empty room. Empty except for one bed. Lucy tried raising her eyes past the foot of the bed but she couldn't. Before she could even think she found herself running away from the room's doorway, back up the hall and to the hospital's exit as fast as she could. Gasping for breath, she curled over and held her knees tight. The fresh air filled with the unfamiliar smell of pine needles was cool and relaxing against her face. \"Miss. Lucy?\" Jack's gentle voice spoke from behind her. \"Oh god!\" She groaned as everything that had happened came back to her. She could hear the young man approach her. He awkwardly rested an uncertain yet reassuring hand against her back, \"It'll work out Miss. Lucy. I promise.\" Feeling a well of frustration and fear erupt, Lucy pulled herself away from Jack and all but shouted. \"Will it? It's my fault he's even in there!\" She faced him, her eyes now spilling over with tears. \"It's my fault,\" she pressed her accusing finger hard against her chest, \"... if I hadn't distracted him, if I'd just cooperated, if I hadn't been stupid enough to...\" she looked down, realizing that she had moved to pointing her stomach. \"Do you understand? It's all my fault!\" Her hands moved up to cover her face. She cried for what felt like hours, but was probably minutes of berating herself. And even over her raging thoughts, she could hear his soft voice speak. \"I do.\" It was a small phrase, so bare and honest that was enough to drag her out of the whirlwind of emotions inside her. Lucy lowered her hands to see the young dark-eyed man's serious face. Unsure of how to respond, to the intensity behind his words, Lucy mumbled, \"I have nothing.\" She felt that horrible emptiness in her stomach again, \"I can't afford... I have nothing to keep him here with.\" \"I think I can help on that account, Miss. Lucy.\" Lucy couldn't help but eye him with some suspicion, which he immediately seemed to recognize. \"Ain't nothin' untoward M'am. Just cooking, servin' and dealin' with the folk that come by the Station. \" \"But you don't know if I can cook or if I'm a hard worker.\" \"Well, from what I've seen you could run just about any other worker in these parts off their feet.\" He gave her a good natured chuckle before going on, \"And it'd truly be a help to us to have a someone around.\" Looking at him carefully, Lucy contemplated how to reply to his generous offer. \"That's sweet Mr. Bondurant but you don't know...\" her lungs seized and she gasped slightly, her hand automatically travelling to her stomach, \"... you don't know all of the circumstances. I'm...\" air seemed difficult to get into her lungs as she spoke \"... I'm in a delicate condition.\" \"Oh...\" The look on his face had changed. But wasn't that same look she gotten used to seeing on the doctor's face, then on Issac's and Robert's when she finally told them. She could tell that this young dark haired man was doing some sort of math in his head.\"You don't look none too delicate to me, Miss Lucy.\" He said, giving her an easy shrug and a kind-hearted smile \"... 'Sides a woman in your condition'll suit the motherless dogs out here well, even though I reckon you won't be here all that long any way.\" He added clearly trying to comfort her about the duration of her brother's state. Despite her situation Lucy couldn't help but feel somewhat lighter when he said it. He was only being kind, but Lucy needed that more than anything else in this moment. She needed some to lie and say that everything would be ok and so, despite herself, Lucy found herself nodding, \"All right.\" Jack's smiled widened, he reassuringly reached out to squeeze her arm. \"All right. Let's go ask Forrest.\" That had been the second time he had mentioned that name but it was the first time Lucy had actually processed it. \"Forrest?\" \"My older brother, he runs the Station.\" Lucy felt a pang of concern about the prospect he had only just offered her. Jack must have seen it because he carried on hurriedly, \"But don't worry Miss. Lucy, bet he'll say yes.\" They had stopped off at car wreck to pick the few items she and Issac had brought along on their trip. It was getting late and night was nearing so Jack had offered to come back and tow the T-Ford to the Station with his brothers tomorrow. After going through the pockets and giving any money she could find over to the hospital, in a show of good faith, Lucy had put Issac's heavy coat over her shoulders. The money for... everything. For the reason they even been travelling South was gone. Lucy shifted under the weight of the jacket, her arms were clutching Issac's violin to her chest. The worn case felt comforting against her pale fingers. \"Miss. Lucy?\" The blonde woman was startled by the loud voice next to her. \"Sorry.\" She blinked at the young man driving, \"Were you saying something Mr. Bondurant?\" \"It's Jack, Miss. Lucy. I'm only 21 and your makin' me feel like some ol' man.\" Lucy wasn't exactly surprised by the information he gave her, the way he dressed and spoke it was obvious that he had to be somewhere near her age. \"Well then I insist you stop calling me Miss. Lucy. I'm only a year older than you.\" \"Sorry Miss. Lucy I was taught to respect my elders and the like.\" He said with a light teasing smile. Lucy let herself enjoy that small moment, before clearing her head and apologetically asking him to repeat what he had been saying earlier. \"I wasn' sayin' much. Just rattlin' on about my brothers and me.\" He said, \"Suppose I do tend to go on.\" Forcing a smile that she had actually wanted to be genuine Lucy stated, \"No. I want to hear.\" \"Really?\" \"Really,\" Lucy said, finding it less difficult to smile the more she spoke to him. \"Well then...\" Jack grinned pulling into the Station. \"For- For...\" the grin slipped off of his face and his skin blanched as he came to a stop in front of the Station. Getting out of the car he walked out and opened the passenger side for Lucy, the entire time his dark eyes stuck to the open door of the Station house. Once a very confused Lucy had stepped out of the car she asked in soft whisper. \"Has someone broken in again?\" Jack began to shake his head, but before he could say anything a new voice called from the left side of the front porch, \"Woohoo!\" it was coming from a man so covered in grime, it was no wonder why Lucy had missed seeing him laying there with his arm resting over his forehead. \"Jackie boy, you're in for it. Best get your scrawny white ass in there boy.\" \"Shut up, Howard.\" Jack spat at the man resting on the deck. The dirt covered man only sniggered in response. \"Get in here Jack.\" A low gravelly voice spoke from beyond the Station's open door, it was quiet but still each word carried enough weight to make a thudding impact low in Lucy's gut. The man inside the Station spoke again, \"Need to repeat myself, Jack?\" The young man quickly made his way up the steps and inside, though he made sure to hover near the door. \"Forrest, this is Lucy,\" Jack pointed towards her, though he was blocking any view of her by standing in the doorway \"... she's that girl from yesterday.\" \"So, you the little thing that broke the window?\" Raising his arm to open one eye the man named Howard stared out at the rapidly paling woman quivering by the parked truck. An amused smile playing across his face. Lucy felt numb, her hold on her brother's violin case tightened, luckily Jack spoke up again to take back focus. \"Her brother and her were in a wreck a ways back and...\" There was a grunting noise. \"Awww, come on Forrest. Couldn't leave her brother out there... plus, she's agreed to help around the Station. Figured since Mag...\" the dark haired man suddenly lost his place, nervously rubbing his hand over the back of his neck before speaking up again \"...um, since we're stretched pretty thin here she could help is all.\" There was the sound of more grumbling and a chair being scraped back. Jack cast a smiling glance back her way, with a well meaning half smile. \"Just for a spell though 'cause I reckon he'll be out of the hospital soon.\" Lucy couldn't find it in herself to smile back, she was lost in thought. 'What would my life be without him?' Her brother's face floated before her eyes. \"All right then.\" The light haired woman was jerked out of her thoughts by the deep voice coming from inside. Jack's brother made no move to come towards the door, instead Lucy could hear the sound of creaking floorboards followed by a door slamming shut somewhere inside the Station. Jack's grin looked about ready to crack off his face as he whooped, \"Didn' I tell yah Miss. Lucy?\" \"He doesn't want to meet me?\" \"Nah. Forrest ain't like that, especially since...\" he trailed off as he moved to get her bags out of the car, \"He just ain't like that.\" Lucy watched as Jack unloaded her's and Issac's things. \"Am I staying here?\" The dark eyed man nodded distractedly. \"But...\" \"Ain't no cause for worry Miss. Lucy. Hardly a time that one of us Bondurants ain't hereabouts.\" Though had meant it as reassurance, Lucy couldn't figure out how to quite take his statement. 'I suppose beggars can't be choosers.' However that thought was difficult for her to remember as her brown eyes drifted from the man clearly hungover and laying on the porch, to the young man who practically still a boy standing next to her and finally to the dim light glowing in dark just past the Station doorway. Hope you all enjoy this. Please let me know what you. Hopefully the next chapter will be up soon. ","Summary":" Hi! Sorry to all of you waiting for an update on my Justified story. Just haven't felt any inspirat"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Acurrucados","Author":"RainbowRandom2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10919968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] El amanecer aún no se veía llegar y el alba de la mañana parecía no mostrar indicios de su llegada ya que aún era muy temprano, la madrugada se sentía fría, se movió en busca de calor pero la sabana no lograba proporcionarle lo que necesitaba y continuó con su desesperado movimiento tanto fue que despertó a su pareja que le miró somnoliento, y curioso lo observaba en su aparente lucha contra las mantas que los cubrían. Cody ¿Que es lo que te sucede? - Le pregunto volteando para que el mencionado quedará frente a su pecho - ¿Porque te mueves tanto? Tengo frío - Respondió entre bostezos el pequeño. Si tienes toda la sabana para ti - Espetó el mayor mirando a su novio que todavía se movía de un lado a otro - Cody ya estate tranquilo. No quiero, estoy mal - Contestó el más bajito haciéndole cosquillas en el pecho con su pico - ¿Y como que tengo toda la manta? Pues si, me la arrebataste toda al dormirte - Musito con una gran sonrisa sabiendo que molestaba al otro. Cállate que no es mi culpa, no estoy acostumbrado a dormir con nadie - Decía tirando de la sabana nuevamente - Deberías ser más paciente conmigo Z, ya que es tu culpa. ¿Porque es mi culpa? Si puede saberse - Preguntó el surfista experimentado con interés. Porque tu fuiste el que me hizo entrenar toda la tarde y creo que voy a pescar un resfriado por tu culpa - Le dijo el menor con un poco de enojo. ¿Mi culpa? Si el que quiso hacerlo en la arena fuiste tú - Se defendió Gran Z. Cállate Zeke, sólo quiero dormir, mañana debo entrenar - Dijo intentando relajarse y bostezando sintiendo el sueño bastante próximo. Si eso es lo que quieres - Dijo sujetandolo de los hombros y poniéndolo a su altura para darle un casto beso en los labios y envolverlo en un cálido abrazo - ¿Mejor? Mucho mejor - Murmuró el joven surfista acurrucandose entre los brazos de su gran héroe y sintiendo que el calor que necesitaba para dormir sólo lo encontraría bajo el abrazo protector de su amado, tal vez debería recordar aquello en las noches en las que tuviera frío y tan sólo tendría que darse la vuelta en la cama para encontrarse con el único amor de su vida, y saber que no hay mejor manera de dormir que acurrucados. ~Fin~ ","Summary":" El amanecer aún no se veía llegar y el alba de la mañana parecía no mostrar indicios de su llegada "},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Greatest Discovery","Author":"Tank-The Shredder-Evans","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10510528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The Surf's Up characters and the Sunburst logo are owned by Columbia Pictures. It was seven years after the surfing competition; Tank Evans woke himself up from a strange dream when he rolled out his bed. \"I can't believe I have seriously lost in the contest.\" Tank said. As he got up from the floor of his hut his surfboard was wrecked because it really got old. The King Penguin decided to make a new surfboard to replace the old one. He later found a big log carved it into a semicircular with the thirteen light rays he also panted it blue (white in the center) to look like the 1976 Columbia Sunburst. By the time he got done with the surfboard \"I never completely heard of that late 70s logo. I mean that theme song from Columbia Pictures was playing was stuck in my head.\" Tank thought. He went out of the door and into the beach he placed the Sunburst surfboard in the water Tank got on and he immediately paddled when a wave roared \"That one is mine.\" Tank stated as he paddled faster he rode \"Wait till everyone else sees this.\" Tank said. He surfed until he slipped into the water. \"AAAAAHHHH!\" Tank screamed as he hit the wave washing him underwater he opened his eyes \"Oh No that was worst shortest ride ever.\" Tank gargled. He looked and saw a clear pearl right in front of him he picked it up \"Whoa I find it mysteriously. This may be the greatest discovery in the whole world.\" said Tank. He swam to the top of the surface. Back at the shore Tatsuhi Kobayashi and Rory Nubbins were sunbathing when the King Penguin arrived \"What's with the surfboard.\" Rory exclaimed. \"I had to make a new one when my old one went braked apart. It's nothing not like my other one.\" Tank said. \"Where did you get this? It's shiny.\" Tatsuhi asked. Tank wondered that he got from the water after he wiped out. That night Tank went to sleep dreaming of himself surfing. Last year's surfing competition of the Columbia Pictures World Wide Competition he was first until his surfboard is about to crack as the screen announced the one on one showdown Tank was paddled on the last wave thinking that he was going to win, \"No one will beat me.\" Tank thought. In an instant one of the surfers saw a light torch appeared came out of nowhere and it's headed straight toward the Shredder. \"Tank Watch Out!\" said a surfer. He surfed at breakneck speed as the torch flashes before the King Penguin's eyes \"Man It's too bright!\" exclaimed Tank. The other surfers covered their eyes but Tank didn't the wave crashed at his surfboard. Tank stayed afloat until it came back into the surface. \"What!\" Tank screamed. Seconds later this time it was right in front of him. The board got breaks into pieces and the Shredder nearly drowned he tried to swim to the surface but the wave knocked him down. He rolled out of his bed landed on the floor \"Now that's something you don't see every day.\" Tank said. The next day The Shredder throws his old surfboard in the trash can. \"Oh No it's the others, Got to Hide!\" Tank said. Tank wandered around the beach trying to find ways to keep himself awake. Big Z and Cody Maverick showed up and they saw Tank lying on the sand. \"Hey Guys.\" Tank yawned. \"Felt sleepy, huh.\" Cody said. \"I'm all right.\" said Tank. Z begins to wonder that Tank fells so tried. He asks, \"So you haven't seen a lot man. What's wrong?\" \"I think it's this Columbia 1976 theme that completely stuck in my mind and it getting on my nerves.\" said Tank. \"What dream?\" asked Cody. \"I don't know. I had strange dreams like in the past year and a half and I even don't know what it is.\" He said. \"Well could you tell us about it?\" asked Z. Tank looks up to them and tells them this strange dream. Z and Cody sat down and Tank tells them about this dream. He said, \"It revolves around me and that no one will be there in Pen Gu. Then it was that bright torch light most of it involves 'We can change the world' and I felt it really scared. I think I looked closely to the Torch Lady's flames. Then, it ends everyone else gone. Yet I still don't know who it was it was familiar to me.\" \"Something's wrong with him.\" said Cody. \"Okay here's an idea, tonight, you can hear that voice and actually see the faded figure on your own.\" said Z. \"You'll be all right, trust me.\" said Cody. \"Thanks a lot guys I'll get some sleep.\" said Tank. \"See you later.\" said Cody. \"Later skater.\" said Z. That night Tank fell asleep, and then a few hours later he was in that same dream again. In his dream, he finds himself in Pen Gu Island he sees no one but the ocean, the grass and the trees he walks around the beach. He knows that he's alone and there's no one there. He sighs and said, \"Hello? Is there anyone in there? Why do I feel like I am alone?\" \"You are not alone.\" said a voice. He hears the 1976 theme playing on his mind. He sees the flickers that came out of the torch toward the King Penguin. \"Oh No it's that same song again.\" Tank thought. The Shredder felt somewhere scared and turned around saw a light torch coming through him. He said, \"Whoever you are, tell me who you are and why are you haunting me?\" \"Yeah. Just like the Torch Lady's flames.\" said the voice. He was caught in an awe as the torch shines opened up. Tank gasped and stares at the figure as if in sunburst, blue semicircle with the thirteen white light rays. He looks at it shockingly. \"Who said that?\" Tank thought. It telepathically links with Tank. \"Hello, Tank. Call me the Columbia Sunburst or Sunburst\" said the voice. It was the Columbia Sunburst that it was calling to the Shredder. \"Columbia Sunburst!? This is Insane!\" yelled Tank. \"I-I don't understand. Where were you?\" \"Have you ever watched any of the films of the mid-late 70s.\" said Columbia Sunburst. \"I didn't watched none of the films that used that logo. Never seen them before.\" said Tank. \"Are you insane?! All of them were released on DVD/Blu-Ray.\" said Columbia Sunburst. He tried to back away but the Sunburst immediately looked at the Shredder's eyes. \"I got no time for stuff like this. Gotta surf.\" Tank said as he runs off. But the Sunburst immediately stopped the Shredder's tracks. \"Save the surfing for later look into the light…\" said a Sunburst. The voice echoed throughout the dream and it completely shattered him back into reality and now he finally knowing the voice in there. He panted slowly and whispered \"Sunburst…\" The next day Tank woke up from the same dream shaken. He felt that he is lost and alone never knew about the Sunburst logo. Lani showed up to check on Tank. She asks \"How do you feel?\" \"I'm fine, I'm fine.\" said Tank. Then, he sees Tatsuhi coming towards him sees what the dream is. \"Shreds. Any info on the dream?\" \"Man, last night I had that dream made sense to me. I dreamt that I was look through.\" said Tank. \"Who's looking through you?\" asked Lani. \"The 1976 Columbia Sunburst logo.\" Tatshui said \"Whoa man. Seriously?\" \"You said that you don't know a little about that symbol.\" said Lani. \"But I didn't understand it. Why would that it come back for me?\" asked Tank. \"Maybe it's trying to tell you something.\" said Tatshui. \"I don't know I- I just don't know.\" \"What I really don't understand why you are so tired all the time. Surfing like there's no next week.\" said Lani. \"I think to decide to take it easy for a while.\" said Tank. Z and Cody showed up and sees Tank, Lani and Tatshui were having a little conversation. Cody asked, \"What are you guys talking about?\" \"Tank's strange dream.\" said Tatshui. \"Really, have you finally figured that out what that thing is?\" He asked. \"Yeah, it was the 1976 Sunburst logo.\" said Tank. \"Really?\" asked Z. Tank nodded his head and Z was kind wondered. He said, \"Why didn't you tell us in the first place?\" \"I don't even know about it until last night.\" Z then looks at Tank and realized that the King Penguin thinks that Z was dead he was loser since the surfing competition. \"I know, right.\" said Tank. \"All of these dreams about that symbol have been inside you and you had to let it all out.\" said Z. \"I got a bad feeling that in my dream that the Sunburst is going to take me away from Pen Gu.\" said Tank. \"You serious?\" asked Tatshui. \"Might be possibility.\" said Tank. \"You really had to get rid all of these strange dreams. Just think of something different.\" said Lani. Tank puts his flippers on his head and lowered it down. He sighs and said, \"I just don't know what to do.\" \"If you have any doubts come with us and we'll help you out.\" said Z. \"Thanks you guys.\" said Tank. \"Hey that was friends are for? \" asked Cody. Tatshui, Z, Cody, and Lani got up and head to the beach leaving Tank feeling troubled. That night Tank stated that same dream again, this time; a strange ending with Columbia Sunburst and himself. He in his hut lying down until he heard that his surfboard breaks into pieces until its the work of Columbia Sunburst. \"I knew it where's my former surfboard.\" said Tank. \"Hey Tank. I want you to come with me.\" said Columbia Sunburst. \"To where?\" He asked. \"Nowhere.\" Tank suddenly realizing that the Sunburst was taking him nowhere but staying. In the beach leaving his surfing days behind. \"Let's go Tank. You don't want to spend the rest of your life in the beach on your own.\" said a Sunburst. \"After all these years of surfing. I beat out the other competitors no one will ever beat me. I also spend the entire time in Pen Gu. You can't take my surfing days from here.\" said Tank. \"Give it up. Shreds.\" said a Sunburst. \"My surfing days are over. I don't know what to do.\" said Tank. The Shredder had no choice but to give up surfing. \"Look into my eyes Shredder.\" said a Sunburst. But as the torch shines opened up. \"I gotta have something to cover my eyes.\" said Tank. As Tank tried to hold on something to cover his eyes the light became too bright it flashed Tank felling onto the grass. After the flash The Shredder finds himself in South Beach. He knew was all alone. He then tried to find everyone in Pen Gu. The light flashed before Tank's eyes he thinks that his surfing days were over. He was alone and no one was there but himself and then something happened the light felt him so strangely after he saw the flickers that came out the torch. Then, Out of nowhere, a song started playing that resembles the flash. Get your motor runnin' Headed on the highway Lookin' for adventure In whatever comes our way Yeah gotta go make it happened Check the world in a loving embrace Fire all of you guns at once Explode into space I like smoke and lightning Heavy metal thunder Racin' with the wind And the feelin' that I'm under Yeah gotta go make it happened Check the world in a loving embrace Fire all of you guns at once Explode into space Like a true nature's child We were born, born to be wild We can climb so high I never wanna die Born to be wild Born to be wild One look of that light he thinks it was him, but it was the Sunburst he never knew about. He gets up looking fearful and scared. Get your motor runnin' Headed on the highway Lookin' for adventure In whatever comes our way Yeah gotta go make it happened Check the world in a loving embrace Fire all of you guns at once Explode into space Like a true nature's child We were born, born to be wild We can climb so high I never wanna die Born to be wild Born to be wild When he arrived to South Beach, there is no one but himself he was shocked that no one's there. He thought there was no one is there but Tank. He looked all around he was alone. He lifts his head up and screaming, \"What is This Happening to me?!\" He screams all over Pen Gu and then, it shattered back in reality and Tank woke up gasping. When he wakes up the dream is over. Cody showed up and said, \"Hey I heard you gasping, what's wrong.\" \"My strange dream is over. The Sunburst came back for me and taking me away from here. When I got to South Beach I think that the light flashed before my eyes and no one was there. Everyone's gone you, Tatshui, Big Z, Lani, all of the surfers are gone.\" said Tank. He sighs and said, \"Let's talk outside. Shreds, we're always gonna be here for you, right.\" As Cody and Tank walked outside, Tank started to felt breaking apart and Cody puts his flipper on his shoulder. \"You have this feeling that there's no one out there in this world.\" said Cody. \"Before I had with this semicircular sunburst surfboard I had my original surfboard I used over the years I had all nine trophies in every Surfing Competition mostly when I crash the other surfers i already know how to surf since my young days.\" Tank said, then he looked to the sky and he thinks that everything had been revealed. \"Now you really knew that dream is over. Don't suffer through it. Now get some sleep. \" said Cody. They walked back to the hut he can finally get some sleep and had a good dream. The next morning Tank sees all of his pals yawning from the night's rest, ready to surf in his new surfboard. He feels the morning sun through him. Lani and Tatshui showed up. \"Hey Shreds.\" said Tatshui. \"How are you feel.\" said Lani. \"I'm feeling amazing.\" said Tank. \"That strange dream was completely shattered and it's really out of my life now.\" said Tank. \"Great. You felt better now.\" said Lani. \"Not another life.\" said Tank. \"You still got your sunburst surfboard.\" said Z. \"Want to hang some ten?\" asked Cody. \"What are you guys waiting for? Everyone, Let's surf!\" exclaimed Tank. Everyone else grabbed their surfboards as they started surfed through the morning. Before Tank surf, he looks at the sky revealed that he sees the sun shining the light he can see clearly. \"Tank come on in the water's great.\" said Tatshui. The song is \"Born to be Wild\" from Steppenwolf. Awesome song! Tank did really surf with that board way better than the previous one. You better find out in the next story when Shredder meets a rival surfer from New Zeland. Until then Later folks. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The Surf's Up characters and the Sunburst logo are owned by Columbia Pictures. It was s"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Lani's Birthday Gift","Author":"SilverGuardian44","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8312620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A year after the Big Z Memorial Surf Off, Cody's birthday was tomorrow and Lani needs to do some things for her party for Cody. Cody was doing his usual surfing routine until a huge wave wiped him out. Lani gets her surfboard and tries to save his boyfriend, again. She drags him out and checks if he stepped on another sea urchin so Z or anyone wouldn't pee on him again. Soon, Cody regained conciseness again, the camera crew ran towards the sight. Interviewer: Is Cody Maverick alright, Ms. Lani? Lani nodded \"Yeah, he'll be fine.\" Cody coughs up the water he swallowed from the ocean \"How did I do, Lani?\" Lani chuckled \"I've seen worse.\" Cody smiled \"Like when?\" Lani raised her eyebrow \"Like last year. The time when you challenged Tank.\" Interviewer: What's your reaction about knowing that your brother and mother visiting you? Cody looks at the interviewer \"What?\" \"Yeah, I guess Z forgot to mention that he invited your parents.\" Lani said Cody rubbed his head with his flipper \"How did you guys invited them?\" Lani chuckled nervously \"Z secretly rode a whale to Shiverpool and called your family. I also want you to have a great birthday, Cody.\" Interviewer: So how old are you Mr. Maverick? Cody looks at the camera's lens \"Uhm, I'm gonna be eighteen this year.\" \"Is this gonna be recorded?\" Lani asked the interviewer Interviewer: Yes, it will be recorded. Cody stood up from the sand and grabbed his board \"Well, uhm, I guess there's no stopping you.\" Lani patted Cody's back \"Come on and smile 'cause your birthday's tomorrow.\" Cody beak was starting to stretch to a smile \"I guess you're right.\" \"Time for some rest, surferboy.\" Lani grabbed Cody's board from him \"Well, it is getting dark and-\" suddenly a rock hits Cody's head \"Okay, who threw the rock?\" A Rockhopper penguin grabbed him and gave him a nuggie \"What's up, little brother?\" Glen drops Cody \"Glen? Mom?\" Cody smiled and ran towards his mom Cody's mom hugged him back \"I miss you, sweety. It's a shame that you didn't win the Big Z Memorial Surf Off.\" Cody parted from the hug \"Well, not exactly.\" Lani came back and hugged Cody showing Mrs. Maverick his real trophy \"Mom, this is Lani. She saved me a couple of time drowning.\" Lani and Mrs. Maverick shook their flippers \"It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Maverick.\" \"So you're his wonderful 2nd place trophy?\" Edna asked Lani chuckled a bit \"I was already his trophy when he got here. Right, Cody?\" \"Well, that is true.\" Cody wraps his flipper around Lani's back Glen cleared his throat trying to get attention \"This is getting boring.\" Edna slapped Glen at the back \"Oh come on, Glen, be happy for Cody. At least he did a lot of achievements.\" Lani grabbed Cody's flipper \"Come on, let's get some rest 'cause it's surferboy's birthday tomorrow.\" Cody smiled \"You always call me that.\" The next day, Lani woke up early for the preparation for Cody's party. Z was there to make sure Cody won't wake up until it's time. When the preparations were complete, Z brought Cody to the party and that's when he woke up. Different food, assorted surfboards, his mom's tuna casserole was even there, assorted drinks, the camera was even there with their hollywood equipment. Cody was surprised that Lani was able to build something like this within a day. After a fine surf off and a fine meal Lani called Cody out to a peak where they can see a nice view of stars reflecting on the sea. Cameraman: There they are! Get that mic ready! Ssshhh! The camera zooms into Cody and Lani \"Lani, thank you for giving me the most awesome birthday party ever!\" Lani smiled and rubs her necks \"Thanks, Cody. It's one of my successful parties that I ever planned.\" Cody sits back and looks at the ocean \"This is a wonderful night, Lani.\" \"Yes it is.\" Lani also seats back \"Do you know what else would make this night greater?\" Cody asked Lina looks into Cody's eyes \"What?\" Cody leaned closer until their beaks touched, after several seconds they parted and smiled \"That. I love you, Lina.\" Lina chuckled \"I love you too, Cody.\" Lani leaned onto Cost's shoulder and both of them looks back at the ocean \"Happy Birthday, Cody.\" Cody smiled \"Now it's officially a wonderful night.\" The End Don't forget to leave a review ","Summary":" A year after the Big Z Memorial Surf Off, Cody's birthday was tomorrow and Lani needs to do some th"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"A Surfer's Friend","Author":"GoldGuardian2418","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11592090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A cute one-shot by guestsurprise. Surf's Up belongs to its respective owners. A Surfer's Friend Tank had truly learned his lesson from being the terrible bully from the contest; now he was kind and gentle. He even made friends with Big Z and Cody. The ladies and kids were even more in love with his new personality. Arnold, however, was not convinced. He avoided him at all costs. He was scared of this massive penguin and couldn't believe he was….gentle? Arnold was so engrossed in his thoughts that he almost didn't see the big shadow that engulfed him. \"Hey…,\" a deep voiced said softly. Arnold turned around and panicked as he saw Tank standing behind him, with a few ladies. \"How's it goin', kid?\" \"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!\" Arnold panicked and then he ran away. \"Hey!\" Tank called and ran after him. Arnold knew this wouldn't be easy because Tank was much bigger and could run faster. Arnold ran and tried to hide near a hollow old log, hoping Tank couldn't see or hear him. \"Where are ya, kid?\" A deep voice called out. \"Tank, do you think he's nearby?\" One of the female penguins asked. \"I'm sure he is; I'm not gonna stop 'til I find him,\" Tank responded. The ladies swooned over his gentleness and couldn't help but admire his new personality. Tank then saw the hollow log and stuck his head inside. Arnold squeaked but saw that he had a problem; the log was blocked with other twigs and branches. He was trapped! \"Kid, easy…c'mon out. I'm not gonna hurt you,\" Tank said as he tried to reach Arnold. \"D-Don't hit me!\" \"Kid, I'm not gonna hit you.\" \"B-But you did once…\" \"I know and I'm sorry; I won't do that again.\" Tank said sincerely. \"Now will ya come out?\" Arnold sat for a moment and Tank then stretched a bit further into the log and grabbed Arnold's foot. Before Arnold could react, Tank grabbed him and pulled him closer to his chest. \"Now listen, kid. The old Tank is gone; I'm not gonna hurt ya anymore. I was actually gonna ask if you wanted me to help ya surf.\" \"Well…\" \"C'mon, kid…I won't bite…,\" Tank coaxed as his tail wagged a bit in anticipation. That made the ladies swoon even more. He had beautiful tail feathers. Arnold gave him a bit smile and jumped on him. \"Ok, Mr. Tank!\" \"Kid, it's just Tank,\" Tank winked. Arnold smiled as Tank helped him out of the log and they went to surf together. guestsurprise's words: Just an idea I had! :) To guestsurprise: And a very cute one too. Great job! :) To everyone else: Please leave guestsurprise a review, but no flames! GoldGuardian2418 ","Summary":" A cute one-shot by guestsurprise. Surf's Up belongs to its respective owners. A Surfer's Friend Tan"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"9 Moments","Author":"Bluphelis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11170235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: A heartfelt plea was made out to me to write for the Z/Cody shippers. I said I would try. Hopefully, this will be enough to satisfy said shipper till I can come up with something better. Most of these take place sometime after the movie, I imagine within a year. Sorry there's only nine, but I've been sitting on these for at least two years; I'm posting it as is and that's that. xxXxx #1 – Definite Lani was positive in her decision. She wanted Cody to be happy, and if that meant that he wasn't with her, then so be it. Her uncle deserved to be happy too. Hopefully the two of them would figure out that they were meant to be happy together . #2 – Inhibit Z was beginning to hold back when he was around Cody. Cody hadn't really noticed his slight withdrawal, but Lani had. What could he say? 'I like your boyfriend, be a good niece and hand him over?' He wouldn't do that to Lani, and especially not to Cody. He was happy, and that was all that mattered. #3 – Civic-minded \"So... that day on the wave... you did that for yourself?\" Why was he bringing this back up? He had already told him that he was doing it for his fans, but apparently he... he had just done it for himself. #4 – Last He had never thought that these feelings for Cody would've stuck around for so long. Sure, the kid had helped him get back on track, but... he was still just a kid! He was still a hatchling compared to how long he had been around. Besides, why would Cody want someone like him when he had Lani? #5 – Cap \"Z... can you open this?\" Cody looked away, his pride insulted because he couldn't open a crummy little jar. Z just grinned and popped the top right off, not even bothering to tease him about it. Of course, Cody could open the jar and in fact already had. He had just wanted the excuse to come and hang with Z. #6 – Westerly The benefit of living on an island, especially one like Pen Gu, you were always guaranteed a view of the sunset. Now if Z could just get Cody to sit still long enough to actually enjoy it. #7 – Theatric Z and Cody both agreed that when it came to Mikey, he had a flair for the dramatic. They just took it as apart of his flair when he began casting them small smiles when he saw that they were hanging out together. #8 – Atmospherics Cody's family couldn't watch the documentary when it was broadcasted, due to the weather. In fact, no one in Shiverpool could. He was thrilled, yet slightly disappointed as well. He knew that if his brother had seen him wipe-out on that first day, he never would have lived it down, but he still wanted to believe that his mom would have been at least a little bit proud of him. Well, at least he didn't have to worry about them coming down and seeing for themselves how he was doing... #9 – Gauge Z really didn't know how to talk to Cody when it came to his family. He had come from a small family himself, but they were all very open with each other and with everything. Cody's family didn't seem that way at all, if he was reading him right. He just hoped that being there and listening would be enough. ","Summary":" Author's Notes: A heartfelt plea was made out to me to write for the Z/Cody shippers. I said I woul"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Háblame","Author":"CARPINTERO IMPERIAL","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11855175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, he vuelto, ahora con un one-shot de mi otra historia \"El ritmo de las olas\", que les invito a leer. He de decir que nunca pensé en darle un final tan abrupto a la historia, pero después de escuchar varias canciones, pues me decidí, y aquí está, espero que les guste tanto cómo yo al escribirla. Esto es un songfic y las canciones que se escuchasn son estas: 1.- Tu boca de caramelo.- José Ortega y Montse Cortés. 2.- Hbla Mi.- La Rumba. Escuchénlas y sientan la magia, sin más preámbulos, comencemos. Las olas se formaban, sentía la brisa del viento en su cara, era relajante, las palmas se movían empujadas por las corrientes de aire, era un día soleado, perfecto para surfear, pero él no tenía interés, algo dentro de su cabeza se lo impedía. No sabía con exactitud qué, pero le martillaba cada vez que podía, era inconsciente, suspira pesadamente por no dar con la razón de su problema… ¿nostalgia?... podría ser… ¿pero de qué?, estas preguntas inundaban su mente queriendo dar con una solución. —Paco —habló Diego sentándose a su lado —, ¿qué te pasa? —No lo sé Diego —agachó la cabeza un poco decepcionado. —Deberías estar feliz, en cinco días te casas con Krishna —mencionó intentando animarlo, Paco sonrió ligeramente, eso le reavivaba en cierta manera el espíritu, pero no podría estar mejor hasta dar con la respuesta. —Nos vemos luego Diego, tengo que meditar sobre la situación —y se fue de ahí internándose en la selva con su guitarra colgada en su espalda. 1 Pepe el pollo surfeaba junto con Cody, estaban en un reto de velocidad y habilidad, Cody entraba en los túneles y hacia volteretas dentro de ellos, esto sin romperlos y manteniendo el equilibrio sobre la tabla. Pepe el pollo montaba las puntas de las olas y se levantaba sobre sus alas, y giraba bailando encima de la tabla, estaban parejos en habilidad y destreza. Lani, Geek y Tanque observaban, analizaban sus movimientos y técnicas. Llegaron a la superficie después de un rato, estaban empapados y un poco cansados, no era fácil surfear desde el amanecer, las olas ese día eran rudas, se levantaban de al menos cinco metros de alto, ideales para cualquier surfista. —¿Qué les pareció? —preguntó Cody emocionado por las críticas. —Pues… —comenzó Tanque —has mejorado mucho las técnicas, pero eres muy extravagante —Cody sonrió orgulloso de sí —. En cuanto a Pepe, es admirable su paciencia, su destreza es formidable. —Gracias Tanque. —Coincido con Tanque sobre Pepe —comentó Geek —, en cuanto a ti Cody, te falta mucho más, este camino nunca se detiene, siempre debes practicar sin importar que. —Gracias Geek —dijo Cody feliz. —Fue muy loco lo de Pepe, a veces incluso su paciencia me estresa, pero es una ventaja al momento de montar las olas, sigue así Pepe —Pepe sonrió levantando una pluma de su ala derecha extendida —. Cody no puedo decirte algo que ellos no hayan dicho ya, pero demuestras cada día que ya no eres el soñador que no podía montar siquiera una ola de tres metros —todos rieron pro el comentario. —Gracias Lani —le sonrió haciendo que se sonrojara mientras lo demás hacían menciones bochornosas sobre su relación. —Oigan, ¿saben dónde está Paco? —preguntó Krishna preocupada, todos voltearon a verla y negaron con la cabeza. —Se internó en la selva —dijo Diego quien estaba recargado sobre un palmera a la derecha de ellos bebiendo un coco, Krishna miró la gran selva, estaba preocupada de que le pasará algo. —¿Sabes por qué lo hizo? —interrogó tratando de encontrar una respuesta más rápida. —Ni idea —todos los demás se miraban entre sí, Paco en los últimos días estaba distante, no solo de ellos, sino también de Krishna, eso era alarmante, Paco no quería comentar que era lo que le pasaba, eso hacía más difícil el poder ayudarle. 2 Rascaba su guitarra, tratando de profundizar en el problema para lograr resolverlo, pero con cada tono que ejecutaba le dolía, pero seguía sin saber porque. Miró hacia el cielo, mayormente tupido por los árboles, pero unos pequeños túneles de luz lograban pasar, suspiraba de vez en cuando, algo le pesaba, era tan grande como una montaña, tan fuerte como un tornado, y tan frágil como una gota de agua. —La forma en que tocas la guitarra es majestuosa — habló una voz en su interior, ya estaba comenzando, tenía que seguir. —Gracias Rocío —le sonreía, era bella, feliz y vivas, era una gineta. Abrió los ojos de forma abrupta, hace mucho tiempo que no la recordaba, puso su pata en la frente, ya entendía parte de la razón, pero aún no lograba comprenderlo, ¿que tenía que ver ella? De nueva cuenta comenzó a tocar, los recuerdos fluían con más facilidad, cada cicatriz se hacía presente, cada dolor lo revivía. El atardecer era majestuoso, Málaga era sin duda un paraíso, las corrientes oceánicas eran muestra de ello, la vida sencilla y austera era simplemente perfecta, ¿que más quería?, con ser feliz era más que suficiente. Ella surfeaba junto con Diego, montaba las olas con maestría y dominaba al mismo mar, le gustaba observarla, podía estar así todo el día sin problemas, con estar junto a ella, no le importaba el tiempo. La quería, de forma tan profunda como el mar. —Quiero darte esto Paco —una concha de caracol, era un poco más grande de lo normal, ella era muy idealista con sus regalos, y eso le gustaba de ella. —Gracias —cada regalo lo guardaba como un recuerdo de su persona —, te quiero —le dijo sonriéndole. —Yo también amigo —le destrozaba esa última palabra, no quería su amistad, quería su amor, quería besarla, hacerla su fuente de inspiración pero ella no se daba cuenta. 3 Diego se dio cuenta más tarde, se golpeaba mentalmente por su poco razonamiento, tenía la clave de su problema, hasta a él le dolía lo que le pasaba a su mejor amigo, a su hermano del alma. —¿Entonces qué es lo que le pasa a Paco? —preguntó Cody interesado. —Recordó a Rocío —Pepe, Tanque y Geek estaban confundidos —. Fue algo así como \"la primera mujer que amó\" —Ah, eso explica algunas cosas —dijo Geek —, ¿pero por qué está así? —Porque ella le rompió el corazón, yo estuve presente esa vez —todos agacharon la cabeza sintiendo lástima por él —, él le dedico su tiempo, su alma y su apoyo incondicional. —¿Qué fue lo que pasó? —preguntó Pepe. —Sólo les diré que fue para nunca volver, y él cayó en una profunda depresión, que tiempo después superó, o al menos eso creí, pero ahora me doy cuenta que no. —¿Él aún la ama? —cuestionó Tanque con cierta preocupación. —No lo sé —dijo sincero. Había escuchado hasta el último detalle, estaba detrás de una de las cabañas, lágrima comenzaron a brotar de sus ojos, quizás se había equivocado al enamorarse de Paco, pero aún lo amaba, le era imposible olvidarlo, esa revelación le había roto el corazón. 4 Había ido hasta su casa, construida con ladrillo, fachada sencilla, pintada de color rojo, la ventana estaba abierta, planeó esto durante mucho tiempo, ya era mucho de estarlo ocultando. —¿Estás seguro de esto Paco? —preguntó Diego en tono de susurro. —Por supuesto —dijo en el mismo tono. Comenzó a rascar su guitarra al mismo tiempo que diego comenzaba a palmear, Rocío salió de su ventana, estaba sorprendida, los vecinos también de sus casas, estaban asombrados por la forma de tocar de Paco. Esa gitanilla que yo quiero tanto Que yo quiero tanto Se adueñó conmigo, lo ha dejado todo Y le he comprado unos corales Ella relumbra que una candela Le haré el amor bajo las estrellas Diego coreaba la última estrofa mientras seguía palmeando dando el ritmo a la rumba. Tu boca de caramelo me va, me va Tus ojos color de cielo me van, me van Tu cuerpo de terciopelo me va, me va Todos murmuraban cosas entre sí, algunos alababan su maestría musical, otros admiraban su valentía de declararle su amor, analizaban la situación, Rocío por su parte sólo seguía observando, pero su expresión era seria. Ir por la mañana, para llegar al río Para lavarnos con agua clara El sol por compañero, mi guitarrilla y mi gitana Si no si me va buscar Aquella noche en mi cama Esa parte era cantada por Diego, quién también tenía una voz impresionante, transmitía ese sentimiento a cualquiera. Tus labios me saben dulces Tus ojos verdes me llaman Tu boca de caramelo me va, me va Tus ojos color de cielo me van, me van Tu cuerpo de tercio pelo me va, me va. Terminaron de tocar, todos comenzaron a aplaudir y a exclamar \"bravo\", estaban impresionados y fascinados, Paco miró hacia arriba, pero ya no estaba, volteó abajo, iba directo hacia él, sonrió cómo nunca lo hizo, pero de repente el ardor se hizo presente al mismo tiempo que el sonido de la palma se presenció. Todos se estremecieron por la bofetada que le habían propinado. —¿Por qué? —preguntó Diego molesto, Paco se tocó el área afectada. —Porque yo no lo quería de esa forma, y se lo hice saber —todos comenzaron a murmuran injurias sobre su actitud, ella se metió a su casa. —Paco —él se fue corriendo dejándolo solo, él comprendió su estado de ánimo, los vecinos entraron a sus casa después de eso. Volvió a su casa tres semanas después, quiso hablar con ella y restablecer la amistad que alguna vez tuvieron, pero al llegar sólo encontró una nota en su puerta que decía: \" Lo lamento, pero solo quise ser tu amiga, nunca pasará nada entre los dos, quiero que te borres esa idea, me voy, quiero descubrir misterios que el mundo aguarda, tal vez un día nuestros caminos vuelvan a cruzarse, pero hasta entonces me despido\" Atentamente Rocío Las lágrimas no se detenían, su guitarra estaba empapada de ellas, nunca había sufrido tanto, ni siquiera la muerte de su padre le marcó a ese grado. Las lágrimas en cierto punto cesaron, apreció su guitarra y comenzó a tocar con mucho sentimiento. 5 Lani trataba de calmarla, intentaba animarle, pero era inútil, ella no podía dejar de pensar en eso, no podía imaginar otra cosa. —Todos hemos recordado alguna vez a nuestro primer amor, quizás puede ser traumático, o puede ser la experiencia más hermosa que alguien pueda imaginar… compréndelo y dale su espació te apuesto a que se recuperará, pero lo que si te puedo asegurar es que te ama y mucho, se nota a varios kilómetros. —Está bien Lani, lo haré —sus sollozos se apaciguaron, se levantó y se fue a surfear para despejarse. —Lo hiciste bien Lani —dijo Cody detrás de ella. —Sí, pero me siento mal por Paco. —También yo, pero ahora vamos a buscar y hablaremos con él, de hombre a hombre —le dio un beso y se fue junto con los demás. 6 Se sentía mucho mejor, ya había resuelto el problema, su peso desapareció, ahora sonreía, el dolor se fue, el pasado quedó enterrado, ahora el presente le daba la bienvenida y el futuro le saludaba. Miró al cielo otra vez, su tono azul y las pocas nubes que lo cubrían eran un bello espectáculo. —Paco —dijo Diego llegando —, que bueno que te encontramos. —¿Estaban buscándome? —preguntó curioso. —Sí —habló Cody detrás de Diego. —¿Por qué? —Para ayudarte con tu problema —mencionó Pepe, Paco sonrió, era gratificante tener amigos cómo ellos. —Supimos que te pasa y decidimos venir —dijo Geek. —Pero no te ves tan mal —comentó Tanque viendo como sonreía. —Gracias amigos, pero ya estoy mejor, pero quiero que me ayuden a tocar una canción que compuse, Cody y Diego palmearan y corearan junto con Pepe —ellos asintieron —, Geek quiero que me acompañes tocando el uke lele y Tanque quiero que con la conga hagas el ritmo. —Por supuesto. —Bien les cantaré la letra para que se den la idea —empezó a tocar, todos observaban con detenimiento. 7 Ya estaba más tranquila, el mar se llevó sus penas y sonreía, la adrenalina la atrapaba y la abrazaba, hacia acrobacias que ni siquiera Cody lograría ejecutar. Era una muy buena surfista, volvió a la costa después de un rato. —Eres increíble Krishna —dijo Lani emocionada por lo que contempló. —Gracias Lani, aunque no es para tanto —dijo modestamente —. ¿Dónde están los chicos? —preguntó al no ver a ninguno cerca. —Fueron a buscar a Paco, no han de tardar en llegar. Las hojas se movieron y de ellas salieron los chicos con Paco en el centro, Tanque y Geek traían sus instrumentos, Krishna estaba confundida, Paco se acercó a ella y la besó de forma apasionada. —Lamento si estos días estuve distante, pero ahora comprendo que mientras estés a mi lado no me faltará nada más, porque eres mi musa —ella sonrió y volvió a besarlo, cortaron después de unos minutos —. Ahora voy a tocarles la canción que compuse. Tanque empezó a tocar la conga, después Paco requinteó y Geek acompañaba, Cody y Diego palmeaban, era una combinación majestuosa. Los surfistas que estaban alrededor se acercaron para presenciar la escena. Háblame, Cómo te quiero yo Quiéreme, Como te amo yo Es un amor posible Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo La voz de Paco era increíble, lograba penetrar el alma del público, coreaban Diego y Cody, Lani estaba impresionado por lo bien que lo hacía Cody. Quiéreme, Como te amo yo, Es un amor posible, Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo Es como un final, huimos del ayer Las olas se formaban al compás de la música, las palmas danzaban, los caracoles salían y entraban al mar, el atardecer estaba comenzando, el viento les acariciaba la cara, era relajante y poético. La manera de tocar de Paco era única y estupenda, sensible y armónica. Ya logré ver, Ya logré comprender, Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo, Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba hoy, Es como un final, huimos del ayer Yo sé qué volverás, Eres ángel de amor, Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo, Aquel amor que yo tenía lo guardaba yo, Es como un final, huimos del ayer. Todos estallaron en aplausos, esa canción les tocó el corazón, algunos lloraron, otros aclamaban la brillante interpretación, Krishna lo abrazó comprendiéndolo finalmente, se besaron de nueva cuenta y sonrieron, el atardecer culminó dando paso a la hermosa luna que iluminaba la isla. El día de la boda llegó, la ceremonia fue sencilla, los aplausos se hicieron presentes y brotaron algunas lágrimas, se besaron sellando su relación formalmente. El día fue lento, parecía que no acabaría. La ballena llegó al día siguiente, era su turno de partir, en unos minutos se irían. —Gracias por su amistad y su tiempo —dijo Paco sincero y contento —, jamás los olvidaré. —Tampoco nosotros Paco —Lani fue la primera en abrazarlo, después le siguió Cody, aquel rival de amor que después se convirtió en su amigo, Geek \"Gran Z\", Tanque \"el demoledor\" y Pepe el pollo. —Fue un gusto haberlos conocido —dijo Diego, todos lo abrazaron de igual forma. —Gracias Lani por los consejos que me diste durante mi estancia —Lani la abrazó de forma amigable. —De nada Krishna, recuerda que siempre tendrás una amiga aquí y en tu corazón —cortaron el abrazo, subieron a la ballena, la ballena comenzó a nadar, todos se despidieron agitando las aletas. —¿Volveremos algún día? —preguntó Diego. —Por supuesto que sí, pues ellos son nuestros amigos —sonrió para luego volver a besar a Krishna, su ahora esposa. Fin Espero que les haya gustado, les invito a que dejen sus reviews que me alientan a seguir escirbiendo, debo decir que de vez en cuando es bueno escribir sobre otras peliculas, ayuda a fluir más la imaginación, bueno esa es mi opinión, los invito a leer mis demás historias y que dejen un comentario, nos vemos hasta la próxima. Se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL ","Summary":" Hola, he vuelto, ahora con un one-shot de mi otra historia \"El ritmo de las olas\", que les invito"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Sucesos","Author":"Raven Queen.Ever after high","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9829111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sucesos Chapter 1 Era un día normal en la isla Pen Gu y Cody se encontraba surfeando por un largo tiempo. Después de 2 horas de práctica con algunos caídas pero no graves se detuvo a descansar echandosé en la playa, a lo lejos de ve que Lani se va acercando y sonrié para si mismo. -Hola Cody ¿qué haces?- saluda Lani -Hola Lani, estoy descansando después de una dura práctica- empieza alabarze Cody-y ya voy mejorando. -Si ya veo y...-se detiene Lani porque se empezaba a poner nerviosa -Y... -Y... bueno me preguntaba si iriás al baile en honor a Z por su reaparición después de 10 años...ya sabes. -Claro que iré Z es mi mejor amigo y no quisiera que pensará mal por mi ausencia-explica Cody. -Si tienes razón, y quería también saber si irás con alguién a la fiesta. -Hmm...si tenía pensado en invitar a alguién-Cody se echa de nuevo en la arena y con una sonrisa en el pico dice-alguién que yo aprecio mucho. Lani se empezó a preocupar y le pregunta-¿y quién es ella?. -Pues la verdad es algo obvio-respondió Cody. -Entonces dímelo-se impacienta Lani. Cody se sienta y acerca su pico al de ella y le dice-eres tu. Lani ante tal reacción ira sus ojos marrones y se pierde en ellos. Ambos se acercaron tanto que se dieron un beso que duró 12 segundos y luego se ruborizán un poco hasta que Lani decide hablar. -Entonces si es así iré a alistarme para la fiesta. -Esta bien nos vemos más tarde-se despide con un beso en la mejilla, provocando que Lani se sonroje. Mas tarde en la fiesta mientras Lani llegaba vió a Cody, Z y Joe charlar, entonces se acercó y le habló a Cody. -Hola Cody que te parece ¿como me veo? Cody ni respondía ya que estaba en shock al verle a Lani así de arreglada. -¡Cody!-le grita Lani de forma juguetona. -Ah...lo siento estaba pensando en algo-responde Cody sonrojado. -Jajaja ¿y como me veo?. -Te ves muy...hermosa. -Gracias. ","Summary":" Sucesos Chapter 1 Era un día normal en la isla Pen Gu y Cody se encontraba surfeando por un largo t"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Pleine lune","Author":"Raven Queen.Ever after high","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11742051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Luna llena Como el regreso de Gran Z fue un suceso increíble para todos decidieron hacer una fiesta en su honor, se llevaría a cabo dentro de tres días. Cody estaba emocionado ya que jamás había ido a una fiesta. Pensaba en invitar a Lani ya que sería también una gran oportunidad para estar tiempo con ella. Se encuentra tan distraído que olvida que esta en el agua esperando una ola que termina derribándolo, la salvavidas observa todo va en su rescate, empuja por su pecho para que escupa agua. Lo hace pero aún así el pingüino se puso pensativo. -¿Qué pasa Cod? -Nada. -No lo creo, casi te desmayas otra vez. Se levanta alejándose de ella pero no se da cuenta de que lo sigue. -No deberías ser así - se pone enfrente de él con las aletas cruzadas y el ceño fruncido ligeramente. -\"Si te dijera que hace tanto estoy enamorado de ti, que quiero ir a la fiesta contigo, estar juntos no sólo esa noche sino para siempre\" ... pues lo siento - agacha la cabeza. -Y ... cambiando de tema ... ¿irás con alguien a la fiesta? -Pues tengo planeado ir con alguien. -Ah ... que bien ... bueno ... debo irme a mi trabajo. Ese día se mantuvo alejado de todos pensando en una forma de invitar a Lani. Un día antes de la fiesta toma valor y se acerca a ella que se encontraba en su puesto vigilando si alguien estaba en peligro. -Hola Lani. -Hola ¿ya estas mejor? No te vi en días. -Si lo estoy y estuve un poco pensativo ... -¿Sobre qué? -Bueno ... quería preguntarte si quieres ir conmigo a la playa - lo dice sonrojado. -Claro que si - acepta con una gran sonrisa. -¿Nos vemos mañana a las tres de la tarde? -De acuerdo - no podía ocultar su felicidad. -Entonces nos vemos luego - cuando estaba a punto de alejarse, Lani finge tropezarse haciendo que Cody la atrape - ¿estas bien? -Un poco, me doble al intentar bajar - miente. -Dejame ayudarte - la ayuda a sentarse - ¿donde te duele? - pregunta preocupado. -Aquí - le señala el falso lugar de dolor que era su tobillo. -Bien - comienza a darle un suave masaje. Pasan unos minutos hasta que Cody se detiene. -¿Estas mejor? - continúa dándole masajes a su pata. -Muchísimo - le da una bella sonrisa - gracias. -Es un placer para mí. El resto del día transcurrió normal, todos surfeaban pasándola bien y varios preparando la fiesta. Al día siguiente ... Cody montaba las olas con gran dominio de la tabla, realmente era uno de los mejores ganándose el respeto de loa habitantes de la isla ... y el cariño de algunas chicas. Ya es las tres de la tarde y Cody se arregla las plumas listo para la fiesta. Al llegar al lugar de encuentro acordado ve a Lani esperándolo, ella se puso un flor en la cabeza y se acicaló las plumas quedando radiante. Se acerca por su detrás. -Te ves muy hermosa. Gira para verlo de frente - Gracias - se sonroja. -¿Vamos? Asiente ella y se encaminan a la fiesta, dentro del local los esperaba Joe y Z. -¿Qué honda viejo? -Hola bro - hacen su saludo secreto. -Hola Lani. -Hola Joe ... tío deberías estar festejando. -Pues si pero loa esperaba a ustedes: mi sobrina querida y mi mejor amigo. Comenzó a sonar la música, bailaron, jugaron, rieron, comieron, tomaron jugo de coco y piña. Se hizo de noche por lo que pocos decidieron retirarse como Cody y Lani, los demás quisieron quedarse. -Deberían quedarse un poco mas - reclama Geek. -Lo siento Z pero estoy cansado, hoy surfee mucho. -Yo también tío, mi trabajo no es sencillo muchas veces. -Okay ... no me esperes despierta. -No iba a hacerlo - bromea. En afuera... -¿Quieres que te acompañe? -Mmm ... -¿Qué pasó? -No quisiera estar sola - baja la mirada avergonzada. -No lo estarás - le levanta la mirada con su aleta. -¿Por qué no? -Porque hoy ... quiero pasar tiempo contigo, Geek no volverá a la cabaña esta noche sino en la mañana ... podríamos ir a caminar por la isla ... si quieres. -Si quiero. En su paseo hablaron de ellos mismos, sobre lo cambios que se dieron en la isla gracias a la llegada del pingüino. -Jajaja - ríe a carcajadas la pingüina. -No es gracioso. -No lo es ... pero jajaja ... no tenías que tener complejos sobre tu estatura ... ya creciste, ahora eres unos milímetros más alto que yo. -Lo se, solo por hacer un poco de ejercicio todos los días. Llegaron a una zona alta de la isla, había una vista espléndida del mar y la luna llena. -Es hermoso el paisaje ¿no lo crees? -De hecho, los más hermoso que puede haber estoy viéndola en este momento. Se sonroja evitando la mirada de su acompañante. -Lani - se acerca a ella tomándola de la aleta. -¿Si, Cody? -Estoy ... un ... poco nervioso ... pero ... eso no importa. -Jeje. -Tienes una sonrisa encantadora, la más bella de todas, eres hermosa por dentro y por fuera, al principio sólo me gustó tu belleza pero con el paso de los meses me di cuenta de que ya te amo por tu forma de ser. Cada segundo que estoy contigo es el mejor momento de mi vida, jamás había sentido tanto amor por alguien ... solo pensé en el surf pero tu me abriste los ojos y mi corazón ... te amo, siempre lo haré cada día más y más ... eres con quien quiero estar por toda la vida. -... - no dice nada solamente salta a él dándole un beso demostrando todo su amor, él por su parte se sorprende pero aún así le corresponde con la misma intensidad - Y yo te amo a ti, desde que llegaste diste un giro a mi vida, no creía en el amor pero tu hiciste que dejara de lado eso, eres tan lindo y divertido. Que no quiero separarme de ti jamás estar a tu lado me alegra el corazón. -Lo de tu tobillo fue intencional ¿verdad? -Si, quería pasar un momento inolvidable y divertido a tu lado. -No tenía idea de que estabas fingiendo. Pero verte caminar sin dificultad me hizo dudar. -Jeje ... - Cody le da un beso inesperado y apasionante a la vez. Lentamente se acuestan en la tierra. -¿Quieres ... hacerlo? - pregunta él dudoso - digo ... no hay prisa. -Si, quiero demostrarte y que me demuestres cuanto nos amamos. Esa noche solamente la luna llena era testigo del amor que ambos se demostraron. ","Summary":" Luna llena Como el regreso de Gran Z fue un suceso increíble para todos decidieron hacer una fiesta"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Sé parte de mi familia","Author":"RainbowRandom2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10927559","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ante sus ojos veía pasar el tiempo con el involuntario movimiento de las olas chocar contra la arena, observando con curiosidad la escena que se formaba adentro de la casa de su tío y su pareja, Cody buscaba algo desesperado mientras Z no parecía darle importancia al asunto, enojando al otro por su despreocupación ante la situación, se acercó un poco más a la puerta para escuchar mejor. ¡Z! No puedes ser así todo el tiempo, sabes que mi mamá y mi hermano mayor viene? y quiero que tengan una buena primera impresión de ti - Decía el pingüino más joven molesto intentando hacer a su novio asimilar algo importante en su opinión - Porque por lo que saben de ti no están muy contentos, mi mamá sobre todo está bastante enojada con lo de la diferencia de edad entre nosotros aunque ya sabes que tu edad no me importa. Deberías dejar de preocuparte tanto, después de todo sólo viene tu familia - Contestó como si nada aún sin mostrar preocupación Z, sosteniendo una piña entre su mano. - Ven, no te estréses, Lanny viene aquí todo el tiempo y ella es nuestra familia así que yo no le veo el problema a que venga tu familia, vamos a comer Lanny nos espera. Mirame, Zeke mirame - Le pidió el más bajo mirándolo desde abajo e intentando que este le mirara y al obtener su cometido continuo - Tan sólo prometeme que lo intentaras, porfavor no lo arruines sabes que es muy importante para mi. No te preocupes, se lo que te importa por eso me comportare lo mejor que pueda - Dijo con una gran sonrisa reconfortando al menor. Se acercó y tomó al más bajito y lo alzó en brazos levantandolo hasta ponerlo a su altura y darle un casto beso en los labios para luego bajarlo e irse de camino a la salida - Cuando quieras puedes ir a comer, yo mientras tanto comeré algo con Lanny - La chica no podía ver nada de lo ocurría pero por lo dicho por su tío y por los pasos se escuchaba como se acercaba, se fue corriendo y se sentó bajo una palmera como estaba al principio, cuando llegó. Hola tío ¿Ya hablaste con Cody? - Preguntó haciéndose la que no sabía nada - ¿Todo bien? Si, todo bien, sólo está un poco estresado por eso de su familia - Contestó con su ya tan conocida tranquilidad - Espero cumplir con sus expectativas, no quiero decepcionarlo. No te preocupes o desanimes, sabes que Cody está orgulloso de ti - Decía Lany sabiendo lo que pasaba por la cabeza de su familiar - Además ¿Que tan mal le debes caer a su madre si nisiquiera te conoce? La pareja junto a la sobrina habían partido a buscar a la familia del chico que se encontraba muy nervioso y abrazaba a su novio desesperado pues la ballena en la cual venían su madre e hermano llegaba con un retraso de embarque inexacto. Su mirada iba de un lado a otro de la playa intentando avistar cualquier cosa que se acercara a la deriva. Tranquilizate, Cody sólo son pocos minutos de retraso nada más - Su compañero sentimental hacia el mayor esfuerzo por calmarlo, más se veía demasiado tenso. Espero que sea así - Contestó aún un poco tenso, no quería que esta oportunidad se arruinara para unir a su novio a su pequeña pero incómoda y critica familia, tan solo quería que aceptarán a Zeke. Si Cody, relájate - También intentó ella calmarlo, logrando por fin tranquilizar ciertamente al más bajito - Bien ¿Mejor? Mucho mejor - Ripitio abrazando fuertemente al mayor, en su mente una maraña de pensamientos negativos se acumulaban por doquier. Z noto su situación por lo que miró a su sobrina que no hizo más que mirarle preocupada y a los pocos minutos a la distancia se acercaba una ballena que parecía tener muchos pasajeros, el más joven levantó su mirada al escuchar la noticia por parte de muchas personas que al parecer también esperaban a alguien y sintió que se le quitaba un peso de encima y se le sumaban por lo menos otros cuarenta más. ¡Ahí llegan! - Gritó una mujer bastante emocionada detrás de ellos. En menos de lo que imagino, ya la gente se encontraba bajando, la sonrisa que imagino que tendría se desvaneció al ver a su hermano venir hacia ellos, tomó fuertemente la mano de Zeke y este supo el porque, Cody cuando empezaron a salir le contó que su relación con su hermano siempre había sido tensa hasta el nivel de odiarse mutuamente, tan sólo sonrió y miró al chico, ni de asomo era más alto que él pero iba acercandose mucho más que su pareja. Detrás de su cuñado, quien le miraba horrible por cierto, la mujer sonría muy complacida al ver y abrazar a su hijo pero al verlo a él fue como si todo cambiará, pasó de sonreír a mal fingir una disque sonrisa sin intentarla mucho que se dijera. El es Zeke Topanga mi pareja y ella es Lanny su sobrina - Los presentó Cody ante su familia con los nervios de punta - Quien ahora ciertamente sería mi sobrina - Intentó romper la tensión cosa que logró. ¿A si? Pues dame todos los regalos que me debes \"Tío Cody\" - Espetó la muchacha rompiendo el prolongado silencio y haciendo reír a los demás - ¡Si tenemos la misma edad! ¡Yo soy relativamente mayor que tu por unos meses! No te equivoques - Se defendió caminando junto a la chica y su madre que le encontraba gracia a todo lo sucedido, mientras Gran Z andaba al mismo paso que su hermano, quien parecía no tener intenciónes de hablar con él al parecer. Hola - Intentó el mayor comenzar una conversación para no ser mal educado ya que hablar con este no te interesaba para nada. Hola - También contestó el otro con el mismo fin. Cody me hablo de ti - Le dijo el surfero experimentado - No dijo cosas buenas pero hablo de ti. Típico - Murmuró por lo bajó el menor de los dos - ¿Sabes? no pareces mal tipo pero lo que dicen de ti no es muy bueno. Lo normal, la gente siempre dice muchas tonterías - Musito con su actitud de siempre más calmado imposible. Llegaron con mucho retraso a su hogar, su madre y su hermano no podían seguirles el paso a los tres aunque era lo normal, ellos ya estaban acostumbrados a hacer ese trayecto para llegar a la casa, Glen como se lo esperaba fue quejándose todo el camino pero al llegar ambos parecieron haberse quedado sin habla al ver el hermoso paraíso en el que vivían. Y esta era la casa de Zeke pero ahora es nuestro hogar ¿No es bonito? - Les dijo a su familia entrando con total tranquilidad a su casa, seguido de los otros. La noche hizo presencia con rapidez, Lanny noto como se la habían pasado mirando mal a su tío, si él y Cody se besaban de vez en cuando ¿Pero que importaba? Estaban en SU casa y si no les gustaba sería mejor que regresaran por donde habían venido, ya que el amor que se tenían era tan extraño como especial y a ella la hacía feliz saber que las personas a las que quería eran felices juntos, con eso a ella le bastaba para estar Cody decir que faltaban algunas cosas, su tío y ella se levantaron con una rapidez con la que jamas vio a Z hacerlo a excepción de ciertas veces y eran esos momentos en los que lo llamaba para hacer el amor, les envió a buscar algunas frutas y demás cosas para hacer una gran cena pero antes de irse se acercó a su pareja y empezó a susurrarle algo. Espero que no sólo te levantes tan rápido para escapar de mi familia o hacer el amor, espero que te levantes así de rápido cuando te llamé para hacer los quehaceres - Le dijo con enojo para luego irse como si nada por donde había venido. Tiempo más tarde estando a punto de regresar, Lanny le miró confusa y se atrevió a preguntarle que le había dicho el otro antes de irse pero este respondió diciéndole que no había sido nada y continuaron con su tranquila caminata devuelta a la casa cosa que no les alegro a ninguno ya que se sentían incómodos allí. Al entrar por la puerta vieron al segundo dueño de la casa cocinando un pescado en la parrilla sonriente mientras hablaba con su progenitora aunque su sonrisa se viera un poco forzada y al pasar a su lado ambos se dieron cuenta del porque, la mujer intentaba convencerlo de que terminará como ella decía esa \"Relación inapropiada\" y se casará con cualquier linda muchacha de su ciudad, cosa que les molestó a ambos pero que prefirieron no decir. Volvimos - Espetó la pingüinita dejando las cosas en la cocina - Por mala suerte hemos regresado pero no te preocupes Tío Zeke, Cody te quiere mucho y por más que su madre insista no creo que te dejé. Yo tampoco pero sin querer ofender a Cody esa mujer es venenosa - Afirmó el más grande sin mucho ánimo, todos los días le apetecía una gran cena preparada por su amante menos hoy, sería como si la comida le cayera mal aunque fuera la compañía la que en realidad le diera dolor de estómago. ¡Zeke! - Escuchó la voz de su pareja llamarlo y parecía acercarse, por lo que la salvavidas sólo se fue lentamente dejando a los novios solos al otro por fin hacer presencia en la habitación - Aquí estás, quiero hablar contigo de algo. ¿De que? - Preguntó con incertidumbre no sabía las ideas que pudieron haberle metido en la cabeza en lo que no estuvieron - ¿Pasa algo malo? No, no es nada relacionado con nuestra relación si es lo que estás pensando - Le informó el pingüino más pequeño acercándose un poco más a él - Sólo quiero que sepas que la opinion de mi madre y hermano no me hará cambiar lo que siento hacia ti, nada podría hacerlo. Z no dijo nada sólo lo abrazo, estaba realmente aliviado, por un momento creyó que tanto veneno influenciaria al chico para dejarlo, más no fue así y eso le gustaba. Sujeto al más bajito entre sus brazos y lo beso logrando que todo ademas de ellos desapareciera, el menor paso sus brazos alrededor de su cuello acercándose más, sintiendo como sus lenguas chocaban y de pronto su cuerpo era aplastado contra una pared y un cuerpo caliente se rozaba contra él causándole un estremecimiento que le hacia gemir, suspirar y aclamar ese fuego interno que sólo el otro podía darle. Para ya - Le decía Cody empujandolo levemente por el pecho - Bajame, tenemos que volver. Esta bien - Acepto Topanga bajandolo al suelo con delicadeza - Vamos. La noche por suerte para ambos pasó rápido, en un futuro no habría de que preocuparse, sabía que con el tiempo su familia podría aceptar a su futuro esposo como otro miembro más, porque para él, Zeke ya era parte de su familia y siempre tendría el lugar más grande en su corazón No sólo por ser su pareja sino también porque había logrado ganarse su corazón, y cada uno sacaba lo mejor del otro e intentaba hacerlo una mejor persona cada día. Tomo la mano del legendario héroe del Surf, para lograr sentirse bien ya que cuando este no estuvo sintió como si algo le hiciera falta y sin poder dejar de pensar en él, y en lo que estaría haciendo, siempre se sentía bien al estar a su lado, por las noches era de costumbre estar entre sus brazos y aunque quizás fuera una mala costumbre que adoptaron con el tiempo pero que les gustaba y querían conservar. Todo no seria tan fácil como se lo esperaban pero que valdría lo suficiente como para luchar por el amor que se expresaban cada día, el amor no era cosa fácil pero el suyo era lo suficientemente bueno como para pelear por el y con el tiempo les demostraría a la gente que quería, que SU Zeke valía la pena y por eso siempre formaría, sería, parte de su familia. ~Fin~ ","Summary":" Ante sus ojos veía pasar el tiempo con el involuntario movimiento de las olas chocar contra la aren"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"After the Rain","Author":"Spilledtea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11524108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey, Dudes and Dudets. It's hard to believe that it's been eight years since the release of this movie. I remember I received it as a Christmas present and I gotta say it blew me away. The mockumentary stylef format was witty and fun, the animation was breathtaking, and the Characters were real; you could definitely relate to them on some level. So it's disheartening to know that this film is underrated, even this fandom doesn't have as many stories as it should. I don't know if anyone associates with this fandom anymore, but I figured I should contribute something. Disclaimer: I don't own Surf's Up. The heat warmed his face, he stared into the flickering flame, watching as the embers floated into the black sky above, along with the thick billowing smoke. The crackling of the fire filled the air with the occasional pop from the burning wood. Cody Maverick stoked the small flame, looking at the bright amber glowing beneath the decomposing lumber. All was quiet and serene, the gentle roaring of the waves as they washed up on the pristine shores of Pen Gu Island filled the air, quite different from the frigid blustery winds of Shiverpool, Antarctica. He turned his head to the right where the the local lifeguard Lani Allikai lay sleeping soundly on her stomach, head resting on her flippers. Beside her his mentor Ezekiel Topanga; the renowned surfing legend commonly known as \"Big Z\" was flopped down on his back, head tipped back, loud snores rumbled from his throat. The shells of half eaten clams were scattered across the white sand surrounding him. The three had spent the day surfing together, and basking under the warm sun. When the sun had dipped beyond the horizon and a chill filled the air they retreated back to the beach, where they sat around the fire roasting squid, and talking about their day. His kept burning when he attempted to get it crisp, when he finally got it a nice golden brown it fell off the stick and stuck to his flipper. How Lani and Zeke laughed, sure he got all hot headed, and flustered as he typically did, but afterwards he shared a chuckle- something he had never done before. Since coming to the island Cody had changed; he learned to lighten up, let loose and enjoy himself, and his surfing had improved drastically. And it was all because of Zeke who believed in him when nobody did, not even his own mother or brother. Maybe that's why he was so determined to win at the annual Big Z memorial surf off; maybe seeing the trophy would make them realize they were wrong about him. But alas things don't always go the way you plan, life threw a curve ball at him and he lost to Chicken Joe, saving him from former champion of nine years Tank Evans. After that he knew he wouldn't be able to show his face in Shiverpool again. Glenn would never let him live it down, and he couldn't see the disappointment and embarrassment in his mother; Edna's eyes, having to live with the fact that after everything he had been through her son was bested by a chicken. It didn't matter, he knew he didn't belong there; he was an outcast compared to all of the other residents, he knew that, they knew that, and constantly taunted, and berated him for it, considering he was the only penguin in Shiverpool who surfed. With that in mind he decided to take up residence on Pen Gu island permanently. Of course he still kept contact with her through letters which Mikey was happy to deliver, just so she would know he was okay. He stared at the golden flame as the smoke stung his face and made his eyes water, he rubbed at them as he thought about his Mother. After the death of his father he and Glenn were all she had. Cody knew she had become fragile since Robert Maverick's untimely demise. He just hoped she would be okay, and that Glenn would look after her like he had done during his seventeen years in Shiverpool and at the plant. It had been years since Bob's death at the jaws of an orca, she had never truly gotten over it. When she heard the news she had cried for weeks. As for Cody he knew he had to remain strong for her, in order to do so he had put up an emotional wall; blocking out all memories of his father. Whenever it was mentioned he would simply say he was too young to remember, and leave it at that. Although he did remember, he just couldn't let anyone know he did, otherwise they would further question it. It was a sensitive subject to the family, and they never spoke of it often. But, when he was alone his mind circled around his father, and tonight was no different. Whenever he closed his eyes images of the chubby rockhopper penguin would flash across his mind's eye, including his death. He wished he had done something, but being a young four year old he was powerless, all he could do was watch as the orca took his Father from him. He knew it wasn't his fault, although Glenn blamed him for it, and since then they had a hostile relationship. With a sigh he stood up and wandered into the shack constructed from the trunk of an old fallen palm tree, thinking that maybe a night surf would help to clear the fog from his mind, and allow him to sleep. He slowly retrieved his coa board, careful not to wake the two from their peaceful slumber. He tucked it under his flipper and walked across the beach, kicking up the fine damp sand. The waves washed against the shoreline, bordering it in foam as they receded back into the dark water. Cody set his board down in the water, and lowered himself down onto it. He paddled out into the water, the scent of the salty sea air hitting his nostrils. He rode the small waves heading into the beach, easing his board in and out of the swells. Droplets of water sprayed against his sleek ebony feathers. Cody swept across a larger wave before he paddled out into the calmer waters and plopped down on his back, flippers over his chest. His brown eyes gazed up at the serene stars peppered across the vast pitch black sky, the dark rain clouds overhead drifting apart, and allowing the rich glow of moonlight to filter through. He closed his eyes and inhaled the salty air of the ocean. He could feel the moisture building in them and scrubbed at them with the back of his flipper and a sniffle. \"Cody, what are you doing out here?\" a familiar voice said, he jolted upright and slightly turned his head to see Lani a few feet away paddling up to him, her squid tucked underneath her flipper. She rested her board beside his and sat up. Noticing the redness in his brown eyes she decided not to question it, knowing he would get defensive. Instead she raised a playful eyebrow and said \"you know, not many surfers come out this early in the morning. Is this what they do back where you're from?\". Cody scoffed and folded his flippers over his ruffled chest feathers \"surfing in Shiverpool? yeah right. Man, all we did was work at the plant\". \"Sounds fun\" she rebuked sarcastically \"so, you didn't answer my question; what are you doing out here all by yourself?\" she questioned, getting back on topic. He shrugged and stared down at his board \"nothing, man. Just going on a little night surf, that's all. What are you doing out?\" he retaliated. \"I thought Arnold was out here\" she replied, she chuckled softly \"that kid can not stay out of the water\". \"Nah, it's just me\" he said. \"I can see that\" Lani stated with an amused smile. \"I think he has a crush on you\" Cody teased. She smirked and gave his shoulder a nudge firm enough to push his body to the side without knocking him off his board. \"Stop it\". He quickly righted himself before he could topple into the cool water below. \" No man, I'm serious. Think about it\". \"I'm serious too\" she joked with a giggle. \"You wanted to surf, so let's surf\" Lani flopped down on her board, and stroked her flippers through the calm still water, paddling away towards a close wave. \"Show me what you learned\" she playfully called over her shoulder. When she didn't feel the vibrations from his coa board behind her she looked back. Cody remained seated on his board, knees pulled to his chest, staring down at his feet. She frowned, it wasn't like the young surfer to turn down riding the waves. It was his passion and lately he had shown such finesse and agility. He was really upset tonight. She waded back to the seventeen year old and halted her board \"Cody, what's wrong?\" she asked softly, her expression soft, and her blue eyes twinkling in the glare of night. \"Nothing\" he answered, his brown eyes still fixed on his feet. She leaned forward and scooted closer, planting her flippers on her board \"you miss your family?\". Cody quickly shook his head \"Nah, man. I don't miss Shiverpool at all\". He looked at her, noticing her expression of concern \"everything's fine, Lani. I just, I just couldn't sleep that's all\". There was that wall again, even now that he had been living on Pen Gu island for the past few months and learned to relax and trust his friends he still couldn't open himself up to them; for fear that they would see him as weak and judge him, just as everyone in Antarctica did, every one but his father. Bob was the only one who truly understood him, and with him gone he had no one. His mother didn't understand, his brother constantly put him down, and made him feel small. Everyone else thought he was a crazy nut who would rather surf than settle down, have a family and get a decent career. He still remembered his time with his father; he would carry him around on his large shoulders, take him fishing- which is what he had done that fateful day, not knowing it would be the last he would ever see. It was his fault; Bob was teaching him how to fish, if he hadn't he would possibly still be alive and breathing. If only he had warned him in time, but it was too late. By the time he turned his head he was met with the sharp pointed teeth of the orca. Since then whenever he would see a child with their father wether in Shiverpool or Pen Gu he would have to turn away. The pain and desperate longing for a Father was too great. He wished he was able to see him again, if only for a short time. Cody closed his eyes feeling the tears burning in them. He angrily rubbed them, feeling ashamed for expressing such emotion. Lani took notice of the action, she carefully shifted herself off of her board and onto his. Cody moved over, allowing her room to sit beside him. She reached a flipper out and touched his shoulder, feeling how stiff and tense it was. \"Cody, you can tell me, you can tell me anything, come on\" she urged gently. He sighed and ran a flipper through his brightly coloured crests topping his brown eyes, finally he gave in. \"I've just been thinking\" he began. \"About what?\" she asked, curious to know what was bothering the young surfer. He stared down at the water and dipped his flipper into it, slowly moving it from side to side \"about my Dad\". Lani blinked, she released her hold on his shoulder and leaned back on her board. Cody had never spoken about his father- he rarely mentioned his mother, and brother. She eyed him closely, silently wondering if he was having family issues, and if that was the reason he came to Pen Gu besides for the annual surfing competition. \"What about him?\" she prompted. Cody sighed and gazed at his reflection rippling in the dark water, it was finally time to trust someone, and Lani was that someone. He knew he could trust her since the day they met. He breathed in a deep breath of the salty air and exhaled, figuring it was best to start from the beginning. \"Well, Dad always loved to fish. I mean when he wasn't working at the plant he was always in the water\". He smiled sadly with a far away look in his eye \" man, he was one of the best fishers in all of Shiverpool. And one day he decided to take me with him to learn. I was just standing there and all of a sudden this huge orca comes out of nowhere\". He trailed off, and Lani waited patiently for him to continue, feeling nothing but empathy for the young rockhopper penguin. A tear slipped loose and rolled down his beak, plopping into the water below. He sniffled and shook his head sadly \"man, he didn't have a chance. It just swallowed him whole, you know. By the time I was able to warn him it was just too late. He was gone. Everyone blamed me for it 'Cody, if he hadn't been with you he would still be here', 'Cody, if you had been focused you would have been able to warn him'. Mom hasn't been able to look at me the same after that, and Glenn...manhe hates me. All these years and he still holds a grudge\". He dropped his head into his flippers continuing his spiel \"I mean it's not like I was the only kid who lost a parent, lots of kids did. Whenever they would try to console me I would just push them away. Since then I just went on acting like I didn't know the guy, it was easier that way. But then I met Z, and everything changed, he was like the Dad I never had. He encouraged me, believed in me, and when he had just gave up man, it hurt. It's hard enough losing one Dad, and learning that he wasn't who I thought he was it was like losing Dad all over again. But why should you care?\" he said bitterly \"you have Z, your life's been perfect\". Lani blinked and leaned back, it took a moment for it all to sink in \"not really\" she confessed with a sigh. She lowered her head \"Cody, I know how you feel\". Cody snorted and turned away, flippers folded \"yeah right, forgive me if I don't believe you\". Lani stared down at the squid nestled in her flippers and squeezed it's side, causing it's eyes to widen. \"When I was eight my parents died in a surfing accident\" she spoke in a low voice. He looked back at her incredulously \"I didn't know that\". She smoothed her flippers over its rough skin as she continued, head low \"Zeke was all I had, he was like a Father to me. He always told me to never give up and believe in myself, and when he never went back that day years ago he completely changed. He lost sight of who he was, and for the longest time I didn't know who he was anymore. It felt like I lost another Father\" she peered up at him when she said that. Cody pushed his knees back and dipped his toes into the dark water, shimmering from the crisp beams of moonlight \"I guess you do know\". Lani gave a slow nod \"there was nothing I could do about it, and that's why I'm a lifeguard now. I couldn't save them, but I can save others, and I have\". She touched his shoulder with a sympathetic edge in her smooth voice \"Cody, you couldn't save him, but you did save Joe from Tank. You gave up the championship for a friend, that's the bravest thing you can ever do. He would be proud\" she smiled down at him \"I know I am\". She stretched out her flippers and pulled him into her warm embrace. At first Cody fought and struggled to break free from her grip, but soon abandoned the fruitless attempt and returned the gesture, feeling her soft feathers brushing against his face. The two stayed like that for awhile, bobbing gently on the calm waters of Pen Gu. Lani enfolded her flippers and allowed him to pull back \"why are you thinking of all of this?\" she suddenly asked \"it's never bothered you before\". \"I don't know, I don't know really\" Cody replied, he rubbed the palm of his flipper across the nape of his neck where his seashell necklace usually was. \"I guess it's because I'm going to be eighteen soon, and I'm afraid I'm going to fail at being a man, since I never had a dad to teach me how\" he admitted, he lowered his head into his flipper feeling embarrassed. Lani slid her flipper around his and pulled it back so she could look him in the eye \"that's not true, you're already a great man, Maverick. I know you're going to be fine\" she encouraged, giving his upper flipper a friendly punch \"just believe in yourself\". She suddenly remembered something and placed an object in his palm \"I found this on the beach, you seem to lose it a lot\" she laughed softly. Cody gazed at the necklace; a large Z was engraved in a seashell, a sturdy rope looped through the hole drilled in the top. He closed his flipper over it and dropped it into the water, watching as it slowly sunk to the bottom of the ocean. Lani looked at him with confusion. \"I thought you loved that necklace\". He nodded \"I did, but that was the old me, and I don't want to be that person any more. Man, It's time to let the past go, you know\". Lani smiled at him \"it's a start\". A droplet of water pelted his head, he craned his neck and looked up. Rain streamed down from the dark clouds that had rolled in, and were hovering above. He looked back at her, she was staring at him with an expectant gaze. \"Thank you, Lani\" he finally said. She raised an eyebrow \"for what?\". \"For the talk, and letting me open myself up to you\" he stared down at the board beneath them \"for the longest time I didn't think I could\". Lani grinned down at him \"that's what friends are for, come on\" she motioned for him to follow her. She slid back onto her board and led him out into the waves. They spent the remainder of the night surfing the swells that rolled in until the blue light of dawn hit the waters. As the sun began to rise over the horizon they found themselves in a tube of water. Foam and droplets of water brushed against their feathers gleaming from the golden beams of sunlight. As the turquoise water churned over their heads Cody felt more at peace with the world. All of his tremulous thoughts faded away with the exhilaration of the moment. The burden of carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders was lifted. He was relieved that he had finally let someone in, and he was glad it was Lani. Cody let his flipper graze across the water, he looked out at the orange coloured sky throwing shafts of light through the wave. The landscape truly was a more stunning, captivating place after the rain had fallen. ","Summary":" AN: Hey, Dudes and Dudets. It's hard to believe that it's been eight years since the release of thi"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Romantic Dance","Author":"Animation Universe 2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6087327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am back to Surf's Up! This one is for my friends; Wolf Mystic, Open Season Fangirl5000 and Cody the Maverick. Hope you guys like it! Romantic Dance by: Terrell James It was another sunny afternoon in Pen Gu Island and Cody is polishing his board like always, to make sure it's in good condition. Just then, he takes a look at it, sees himself in the board and makes faces of it to make it look like he's good-looking and goofy at the same time. \"So, who do I look like? I look like a hot sufer dude here in Pen Gu Island.\" Cody said. \"I wouldn't be too surprised.\" All of a sudden, he leaps up and sees Lani from behind. She smiled and said, \"Hi, Cody.\" \"Uh..Lani. Hi.\" She chuckled and asked, \"What are you doing?\" \"What am I doing? What am I doing? I'm just polishing up my board, you know.\" \"Of course. Always polishing the board.\" \"What? I have to make it look good when I got out surfing.\" \"I see.\" \"So, what brings you here?\" \"Well, there's this dance coming up tonight and it's also Gizmo's 15th birthday.\" Cody soon realized that Gizmo is turning 15. He closed his eyes and felt totally embarassed by it. Lani looked at him and asked, \"You didn't forget, didn't you?\" He opened his eyes, faced Lani and chuckled nervously and tells her very quickly, \"No, I didn't forget.\" \"You sure?\" \"Positive.\" \"Well, okay. There's this dance after his birthday party and I was kinda wondering...\" \"If you'd like to go with me? I mean, this is if you want to, of course. Just to date a cute good-looking surfer penguin dude like me, who's kinda...small for my size.\" Lani giggled and said, \"I like your size and I would love to go with you to the dance tonight.\" \"Yes!\" He felt that it was the best day of his life, getting asked out by Lani. Then, Cody looked at her and she stared at him, weird-like and then, Cody played it cool and said, \"Yeah, that'd be awesome.\" \"Great. Meet you at the pavilion?\" \"I'll be there.\" \"Great. And don't forget to give Gizmo a present when you get there.\" \"Birthday present...on it!\" Lani walked off and headed to the other part of the beach, leaving Cody feeling excited about his date with Lani and also embarassed that he forgot about his twin brother's 15th birthday. He sighed heavily and asked, \"What am I gonna give Giz for his birthday?\" Later on, Z walks by and sees Cody standing near the water, just thinking. He walks over to him and said, \"Hey, heard you got a date for the dance tonight.\" Cody turns around and sees Z standing behind him and said, \"Yeah, I got a date for the dance tonight. That's not the only thing I'm thinking though.\" \"What is?\" \"I totally forgot that today's also Gizmo's birthday.\" \"Ooh, that's not good.\" \"And I have no idea what I'm gonna give him.\" Z thinks about it for a second and asked, \"What do you think Gizmo likes more than anything?\" \"That's kind of the problem-I have no idea what he likes.\" \"Well, you know he likes surfboards.\" \"Oh, yeah. That is true.\" \"And also necklaces.\" \"How'd you figure?\" Z pointed at Cody's necklace, then Cody looks down and sees that he's wearing his Big Z necklace and picks it up and comes up with an idea. He asked, \"How much time is the dance gonna start?\" \"It starts at sunset, so about an hour and a half, I think.\" \"Perfect! That's all the time I need.\" \"What are you thinking?\" Cody picks up a shell and said, \"You'll see. It'll be awesome!\" \"All right. If you say so.\" An hour later, Cody arrives on North Beach and there is a full crowd gathering around the entire shore. He chuckled and said, \"This is gonna be a cool night.\" \"Hey, Cody-dude!\" Cody turns around and sees his friend, Chicken Joe coming along. He greets him and said, \"What's up, Joe?\" \"Radical, as usual.\" They both come along with their fancy handshake and all and Joe asked, \"So, you gonna ask Lani to dance with you? Huh, huh? Are ya?\" Cody chuckled and said, \"I don't know, Joe. I hope so.\" \"So, what ya get Gizmo for his birthday today?\" \"You remembered?\" \"Yeah, didn't you?\" Cody sputters and said, \"Of course I do.\" \"Okay. I'm giving him this awesome new surfboard with a green and blue look. What are you giving him?\" \"Well, it took me almost an hour, but I'm giving him this necklace.\" Cody shows Joe the necklace he made and then looks at it and said, \"Radical, dude!\" \"Thanks. I hope he likes it, man.\" \"Hey, Cody. Fancy meeting you here. Hey, Joe.\" Lani said, walking by. \"Hey, what's up?\" they both said. \"So, they're getting ready to start the party in a few.\" \"Cool.\" 20 minutes later, Big Z comes in and said, \"Hello, everyone. Thank you all for gathering here for the two events-Gizmo Maverick's 15th birthday and the Pen Gu Dance. This is gonna be the most amazing monents in Pen Gu history. First of all, will the birthday boy please come to the stage, please?\" The penguins started cheering and applauding for Gizmo as soon as he comes in. Cody looks at Gizmo and said, \"Never actually thought he'd be this older. He still looks like a kid.\" \"He is a kid, Cody.\" Lani said. \"Right. Sorry.\" Gizmo steps in the mic and said, \"Well, first of all, thanks for coming to my party. Hopefully, all you guys remembered that this is my 15th birthday and those that didn't, but waited until the last minute...I'm cool with it.\" Cody breathed a sigh of relief that Gizmo isn't carrying any grudges that someone tried to remember it was his birthday. 'I'm in the clear.' he thought. \"If you all have gifts from me, just throw them to me. If you have big stuff, don't even try.\" So, everyone left some surfboards, necklaces and whatnot as soon as the party's going. Soon, it was time for the dance. Lani was dancing with Gizmo and both of them were having a lot of fun. Cody and Joe were watching them dance and Cody said, \"Those two will barely last.\" \"How'd you figure? Aren't you dating her?\" asked Joe. \"It's a joke, man.\" \"Oh, right. Sorry.\" \"It's cool.\" \"Wanna dance?\" Cody chuckled and said, \"Dude, I don't dance.\" \"Oh, yeah you do. We'll dance like bros.\" \"Nah, man. I'm cool.\" \"Come on, just one move.\" Cody sighed heavily and said, \"All right. One move, that's it.\" Both of them got on the dance floor and both started doing some dancing. Cody felt like he's gonna make a fool out of himself in front of everyone, but as soon as the music turns up, he's really getting him into the rhythm. Joe was starting to copy his moves and both of them are really getting into the music and let it take them. Lani and Gizmo looked at both Cody and Joe and figured that they saw Cody dance before. Joe and Cody were doing some breakdancing movements and they all finished with a folded arms wrap while everyone cheered and applauded for him. Joe looked at Cody and said, \"That was radical, man! And you say you can't dance.\" Cody starts laughing and said, \"Well, that was one time.\" Gizmo comes towards Cody and said, \"Dude, you looked goofy there and you definitely made my birthday special.\" \"Really? I thought I was gonna embarass myself in front of everyone, but then I realized, it's not so bad.\" Cody said. \"At least you let go.\" Lani said. \"You really cut yourself loose, bro. Hopefully, you want embarass yourself when I turn 16 next year.\" \"Yeah, I'll be looking forward to that.\" The party went on for a few hours and Gizmo said, \"I'd like to thank you guys for coming over and we'd like to wrap this up with a slow song, so everyone grab a guy or and start some slow-dancing here.\" The song plays on this slow ballad and everyone's starting to slow dance with each other. Cody looks at Lani and asked, \"You wanna slow dance?\" Lani looks at him and said, \"Why not?\" Both of them got up and went to the dance floor and start slow-dancing with each other. Cody felt totally nervous, but also confident at the same time and Lani felt the exact same way, only a little differently than what she envisoned. Everybody needs inspiration Everybody needs a song A beautiful melody When the nights are long 'cause there is no guarantee That this life is easy Yea when my world is falling apart When there's no light To break up the dark That's when I I look at you When the waves are flooding the shore And I can't find my way home any more That's when I I look at you \"Is this your first time slow-dancing?\" asked Lani. \"Yeah it is. I've never slow-danced before.\" Cody replied. \"Neither have I.\" \"I didn't know how to dance or even slow-dance back in Shiverpool, because some s might reject me because I'm too small.\" \"Some guys from here think that they couldn't handle slow-dancing a lifeguard, because they're so nerdy. But you, you're...different. And I mean that in a good way.\" \"I get what you're saying.\" When I look at you I see forgiveness I see the truth You love me for who I am Like the stars hold the moon Right there where they belong And I know I'm not alone Yeah when my world is falling apart When there's no light To break up the dark That's when I I look at you When the waves are flooding the shore And I can't find my way home any more That's when I I look at you \"Whenever I pictured this moment, I would always think I would slow-dance with the of my dreams and then kiss her. I couldn't imagine anyplace than with you here.\" Cody said. \"And I would have some guy holding close to me and never let me go.\" Lani said. \"Kinda weird, right?\" \"Sorta, but I could get used to this.\" \"Me too.\" You appear just like a dream to me Just like kaleidoscope colors that cover me All I need Every breath that I breathe Don't you know you're beautiful Yeah yeah As soon as their eyes meet, they both come in a kiss each other in the beak, while they're still dancing. Cody suddenly felt like this was a moment he can actually remember and cherish his 'first kiss'. \"Don't ever let me go, Cody.\" Lani said. \"I won't, unless you really want me to.\" Cody kept dancing with her and he held on to her back while she closed her eyes and held him closely. When the waves are flooding the shore And I can't find my way home any more That's when I I look at you \"This is the best night of my life.\" Cody whispered. \"Mine too.\" Lani agreed, with a smile. I look at you Yeah Whoa-oh You appear just like dream to me As soon as the song stops, the spotlight has shone between Cody and Lani, then Gizmo picks up the mic and said, \"I think we have some romance going on here.\" Cody and Lani opened their eyes and saw Gizmo holding up the spotlight on both of them as they still held each other. Both of them laugh nervously and Lani said, \"I am so embarassed right now.\" \"So am I.\" Cody said. \"But that was cute!\" Gizmo said. \"It was kinda sweet for a minute.\" \"I think so too.\" Then, they both looked at Gizmo and said, \"Happy birthday, Gizmo!\" \"Thanks. And also, thanks for the necklace, Codes. I like it.\" \"You're welcome, little bro.\" Shortly after, Cody and Lani were sitting near the ocean under the moonlight, looking at the stars. They looked at each other, chuckled softly and Cody placed his flipper on Lani's and they both held hands. Lani laid her head to Cody's shoulder and said, \"I'll keep this moment for the rest of my life.\" Cody puts his hand on Lani's shoulder and said, \"So will I.\" They both looked at the sky and the moon and the star flying out of the sky-all the elements for a romantic night for Lani and Cody. Was that sweet or what? The song was 'When I Look At You' from Miley Cyrus! I am back, baby! This is for Wolf Mystic, Open Season Fangirl5000 and also to Cody the Maverick. Hope you guys like it! R&R;, please! ","Summary":" I am back to Surf's Up! This one is for my friends; Wolf Mystic, Open Season Fangirl5000 and Cody t"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Unlikely Sleeping Arrangements","Author":"Silent Sage","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6940829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Unlikely Sleeping Arrangements Disclaimer : None of the characters in here belong to me, but Columbia Pictures and Sony. ... They end up as roommates. Kobayashi neatly places his bag onto the bed, sighing before he turns around to the other side of the room. He thought it was his imagination playing games with him due to the excitement and stress of the looming competition. Barely a few hours within arriving on the island, the Australian's side of the room already looked like a monsoon has passed though. He shakes his head. The mirage is actually a reality. Trinkets from Australia (is that a didgeridoo?) were carefully scattered on top of the bed, along with already rumpled sheets and splayed pillows. Rory suddenly bursts into the room, squid on a stick – and raving about the waves and the island. (Btw, when did Rory get the chance to get the squid on a stick? They've only been here for 20 minutes!) \"Remember that little goof from that frozen island, yeah?\" Who could forget? The little penguin nearly risked life and wing for the surfing competition while trying to get on the whale. Rory's squid on a stick is flailing in the air as he talks. Kobayashi is pretty sure if he doesn't watch the Australian penguin carefully enough, he's gonna get jabbed by said squid on a stick. \"He's going to surf? Let's go, mate!\" Rory tugs the other out of the room, squid on a stick still flailing in the air, as he recounts the confrontation between Cody and Tank. Kobayashi ignores the mess for now. ... Rory is heavy, Kobayashi mentally notes. He's basically carrying the smaller penguin on his shoulders - - the Australian's wings anchored around his shoulders, his beak nestled against the curve of his neck. Despite his small size, the Aussie can surely drink. Rory's hair, messy and frightfully yellow, like those plastic yellow figurines of animated characters that are constantly the rage for children back in Japan, is surprisingly soft against his cheek. He's pretty sure Rory drank his weight in booze. Or rather, Rory drank Kobayashi's weight in booze. It would be an otherwise uneventful, peaceful even, trek back to their room if not for the singing. It's soft, barely a murmur and hum rumbling against his shoulder. It takes a moment, a minute really, for him to figure out which song it is. He's heard it before. Kobayashi was in Australia and - Oh. Rory does a frighteningly good job of singing the Australian national anthem. The singing is a little weird while drunk, but with Rory's voice, the drawl –slow like honey in the sun- Kobayashi can't complain. Nor can he when Rory finishes singing, tightening his grip around Kobayashi and murmurs his name with that same, sugar-sweet voice that caught his attention in the first place. ... Umm. What does he do? Kobayashi frowns. Rory's bed is basically a placeholder for the other's belongings (how in the world does he have this much stuff when he was only carrying a surfboard and a gym bag along the trip?). He sighs. Carefully, he backs into his own bed. It takes a little effort, Rory has a grip on him like a squid to a clam, but he wiggles a little and gently prods Rory in the stomach – he squeaks – and finally the blonde penguin unlatches from his shoulders and rolls onto the bed with a murmur. Immediately, Rory burrows into the blankets, his flippers and feet flinging the blankets and pillows around him until he has some sort of odd nest around him. His chest moves up and down rhythmically - still asleep. No wonder his bed looks the way it does. Kobayashi snags a leftover pillow Rory threw on the ground and gets ready to sleep on the floor. He's slept in worse conditions. Those little pod-beds in Japan, the one and single time he tried to sleep in them, probably caused his claustrophobia. A wing on his own causes Kobayashi to pause. Rory is blinkingly blearily at him, his hair wayward and clumped up in all directions and Kobayashi can see a glimmer of blue underneath all that ocean-bleached blonde hair, and he pauses. \"Why am I in your bed, mate?\" Kobayashi can see the other is still drunk, so he attempts to keep the conversation to a minimum before Rory falls back asleep. \"I placed you there.\" Rory absently scratches his head, moving more strands of hair away from his head and – Those are not the eyes of a drunkard. \"My bed is right over there.\" \"Under all your belongings.\" \"You could've moved them. Heck, you could've dropped me on top of the buggers.\" Kobayashi shrugs. Rory's wing is still a firm, distracting warmth on his. \"I can sleep on the floor.\" \"I…\" Rory cocks his head, blue eyes luminescent against the strike of moonlight that shines through the windows. \"We can share.\" English is a very difficult language, Kobayashi ponders. He then promptly categorizes the about the quantity of alcoholic beverages he may or may have not consumed tonight. He would like to blame the five beers on momentary lapse of English. \"The bed,\" Rory clarifies quickly. \"I don't know how you do it in Japan, but me and my mates often sleep in the bed. We're buds yeah?\" Never has Kobayashi shared a bed with anyone else, other than his significant others, since he was a hatchling. The silence causes Rory's grip to loosen. Kobayashi grabs the blonde's slackened wrist, \"If you don't mind, then I don't.\" They're…friends after all. The grin on Rory's face, especially when he bashfully scratches his hair and Kobayashi can see glimpses of the other's face beneath the blonde strands, is probably as thrilling as the waves they experienced today. Settling himself on the bed, he only allows himself to touch Rory –just barely- on the shoulder. He doesn't want to intrude into the other's personal space. A few hours later, waking up from a half-asleep state, he realizes that they have significantly changed positions. Rory is basically burrowed against him, his leg throw around him. To Kobayashi's mortification, he's basically trapped the other against him and the wall behind him. His wing is haphazardly thrown around the other penguin, keeping them pressed together. Rory is mumbling again, probably singing the national anthem again, but remains peacefully asleep against Kobayashi's chest. His body is warm and soft and so…pliant, comfortable in this too-small bed with his distinctively male competitor turned bedmate. Kobayashi closes his eyes, comfortable. He falls asleep to soft murmurings of the Aussie national anthem. ... When he wakes up, Rory is nowhere to be found. Kobayashi frowns; he's usually such a light sleeper. He should've woken up to any movement by the smaller penguin. Stretching his body, Kobayashi is surprised at how light he feels. It's one of the best sleeps he's ever had, especially compared to recent years due to the ridiculous amount of competitions he's done ever since he went pro. Especially considering they were basically sardines on that bed, but he's very relaxed. He smells the ocean and something distinctly…Rory all over the bed and himself. He mulls. Kobayashi can hear the water breaking against the rocks, the gulls overhead, and he realizes that Rory – Rory- He smells like the sun. It doesn't necessarily sting, but Kobayashi is a little baffled that Rory is suddenly hanging out with the Brazilian surfer. Normally (they've only known each other two days, whispers his conscious), Rory would be by his side, enthusiastically speaking, his Australian slang coming out more frequently the more excited he get, so much so that Kobayashi would have to nod along, just barely understanding the story. Rory catches Kobayashi's eye for a moment. Kobayashi raises his wing, just barely, to wave at the other. Except Rory's back is already turned to him. ... Cody is a brilliant surfer. To evolve from a penguin that could barely stand on his board to the protégée of Z, the legendary surfer, was an astounding feat. Kobayashi did his meet and greet nonsense during the initial swarm around Cody and Z. He was absolutely ecstatic, but it turned sour by the time he reached the bedroom. He and the rest of the competitors had a courtesy stay for another two or three nights at the hotel before they were supposed to return to their respective countries. Rory was sitting on his – his designated - bed. His belongings neatly tucked on one side. \"It was aces meeting Z, don'cha think?\" Now he wants to talk? \"Yes,\" Kobayashi says blandly. End of conversation. Sleep would be good now. \"I-I'm sorry,\" Rory suddenly speaks out, catching Kobayashi's attention just before he hits his head on the pillow. \"Pardon?\" \"I um…when I-I woke, I was basically sleeping on top of you,\" Rory says quickly, the tips of his wings playing with the blanket thrown over his lap. \"I-I probably offended you of the sort. I know the Japanese are like, supposed to be…be…like.\" He pauses before blurting, \"I took advantage of your kindness.\" The pause between them is deafening. He can hear the roaring of the waves behind them. Or maybe it's the beat of his own heart as he feels his heart accelerate and the pounding of his own heart thrums in his skull like taiko drums. He knows so much of the ocean, Tank's mom isn't the only mother who popped her egg out in the ocean; he knows it so well that it baffles him that he can't apply the same knowledge to everything, everyone , else. \"I… didn't mind,\" Kobayashi finally admits. He doesn't think he can give the Aussie the cold shoulder when he's blushing, his wings rumpling the blanket on his lap, Kobayashi feels as low as a flounder. \"B-but I-\" Kobayashi cuts him off before further misunderstandings arise. \"I enjoyed sleeping with you.\" Biting the inside of his mouth, he blames the alcohol – he drank ten bottles of that hard beer although he refuses to admit it was due to Rory hanging over that Brazilian penguin- and finally rasps out, \"I like you.\" Rory's mouth is hanging open. His hair is covering his face so he can't see what facial expression the smaller penguin has on, but-but- Kobayashi cannot stop his mouth. He will certainly abstain from alcohol after tonight. \"I'm very fond of you. Y-you just…when I'm around you, I'm happier.\" To top off the admission that Kobayashi thought was buried somewhere in the back of his mind, he ends it with, \"I was upset when suddenly left that morning.\" He doesn't expect he can save whatever friendship he has (had) with Rory after this confession. The Australian penguin is always surprising him though. Rory basically throws himself on top of him. Wings wrap around him tightly, and suddenly Kobayashi can smell the ocean again, the sun, and everything that is good about the waves and the water, and he's more than definitely sure he's holding it all in his arms and has no intention of letting go. Rory attempts to burrow into him like a hamster in a nest of wood shavings. \"I knew I liked you,\" Rory mumbles into Kobayashi's collarbone, his grip on the larger penguin tightening, his wingtips fidgeting against the strong line of his back. \"Like, liked you-liked you when I saw you surf. It was like watching a hawk flying after its prey. Precise, elegant.\" Carefully, Kobayashi moves Rory's blonde strands away from his face. He sees blue eyes, reminiscent of the ocean stare back at him, a red tint on the bridge of the Aussie's beak. He doesn't want anyone else to see that expression but him . \"I-when I like someone, I-I sing the national anthem around them,\" Rory attempts to turn his head away, but Kobayashi's wing on his cheek is firm. \"My friends call it daft, but I…I knew I really did like you.\" Leaning down to press his beak against the other's, Kobayashi smiles as it's happily returned. \"I'll sing the Japanese anthem for you.\" SS : Whoo! Done! Hopefully I got RoryxKobayashi thing out of my system. haha ","Summary":" Unlikely Sleeping Arrangements Disclaimer : None of the characters in here belong to me, but Columb"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"The Art of Sharking","Author":"thesurfer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10782955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh yes, this is going to be so ace! That is what was going through my mind when I saw my friends Tatsuhi Kobayashi and Renato Mendez talking peacefully in the shallow water. I decided to shark them. Sharking someone is when you put your fin above the water and swim beneath it, and it looks like a shark is coming to eat you. It never crossed my mind that Renato was a crazy shark-wrestler and enjoyed it very much. As I was sitting on my bed that night, I contemplated the events of the day. I sharked them-Tatsuhi at least. He yelled and retreated back several steps. But Renato… he jumped on me and proceeded to wrestle me. I think that he noticed there was something extremely non-sharkish about me, he stood up and held me by my left foot above the water. My crest was dripping into my cold, grey eyes, leaving them uncovered-I squinted just enough so that my mates couldn't see my eyes, but I could see. Then he realized I was a penguin. By this time Tatsuhi had come back to his original place, chuckling softly. Until he realized that I was literally half-drowned. He frowned, then turned me right-side-up and slung me over his shoulder. I mumbled something that sounded like sorry. So did Renato. Then the lifeguard, Lani Alkali came over. I saw red. Then black. Then I think I fainted. I woke up an hour later and tried to remember what happened, why was I lying down, and how to see. I regained my sight and realized that three faces were hovering over me, all looking worried. Tatsuhi, Lani and Renato. Renato looked guilty. Right. The sharking-did I really faint? That's such an Eric thing to do. I attempted to stand up, but was stopped by Tatsuhi holding me down. \"Are you alright?,\" he asked. I grinned and quickly wriggled away. When I was standing, I said yeah, I was. They all looked skeptical. Lani confirmed I was. Fifteen minutes later, the three of us were standing in the water, and I told Renato and Tatsuhi I was sorry for attempting to shark them. Renato said he was sorry for almost drowning me. Tatsuhi told me I had learned an important lesson-not to shark shark-wrestlers. ","Summary":" Oh yes, this is going to be so ace! That is what was going through my mind when I saw my friends Ta"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Rory's dreams","Author":"thesurfer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10749510","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you don't like it, don't read it. Feel free to comment, and never smell dirty socks. Some things just get to the point where you can't deal with them anymore. At that point, you just have to tell someone or channel it out somehow. For me, that somehow is surfing. It's my only option. I don't trust anyone, not even Tatsu. I'm Rory, by the way. When I was really young, my parents realized something about me:despite my eyes, which are a pale, cold ray, almost white, and seeming to be devoid of emotions other than hate, I was a really kind, friendly, humorous guy. Sure, I could be hyperactive at times, but I tried to hide that. Total opposite of my eyes. My parents, they figured I would be an intimidating businessman, because of my eyes. Then they thought they could change my ways. How? They used violence. My father would give me scenarios, and I had to pick what I would do. If I picked the wrong answer, my father would beat me until I was nearly senseless. He wasn't very nice. When I was 10, I heard them talking about abandoning me. So, I saved them the trouble, and ran away. By now, my crest had grown out long enough to cover my eyes. I walked all the way to the beach, ready to start my new life, when I saw it. A penguin, on the water, riding on a piece of wood. He looked so graceful, and calm. And I knew it:I wanted to do that. A nearby kid saw me staring and laughed. \"Dude, that's surfing! Want to try? I'll teach you.\" I agreed, and within 5 minutes, I was in the water, learning how to surf. And guess what? I was a natural! Then I realized I had found my new home. I think that's when it started. Every day, for the next week, I was surfing with my new friend, Carl. I was also starting to settle in. I had my own hut, and I was making a board with my friend. But something was wrong. The third day, I got a major headache, and went home around noon. That night I had the worst dream ever. I was back at my old home, and Dad was there as well. He looked angry, and he was holding a whip. Without warning, he sprang on me and started beating me mercilessly. I could feel my life draining away. I saw him raise the whip one last time, and slam it down on my back. I saw myself go limp, lifeless. I woke up, not surprised that I had been crying in my sleep. I also wasn't surprised the headache had persisted. Feeling defeated, I curled up and cried for the rest of the night. The headache persisted. So did the dreams, every night. And they got worse. But I found that if I was doing something, I could forget about it, and nearly block out the headache. So I used my hyperactive nature by always doing something. It's been 9 years since that week when the dreams started. I made the connection between the dreams and the headache-the worse the pain, the worse the dream. But still, even though I could ignore it, sometimes I would be caught off guard by a fierce splintering pain in my head, or a gruesome memory. One day, a black hill started growing larger in the distance. A little wader bird flew from it to the beach. I realized the hill was a whale. He walked up to it, and greeted the bird with a noogie and words of greeting. \"I'm Mike Ambromowitz, from the Big Z Memorial Surf-off. You surf, correct?\" \"Yeah, mate! Should I show you what I can do?\" \"Fine, let's get this over with.\" Turns out , the wader was impressed. He gave me 10 minutes to get my things, and meet him back at the beach. I seriously couldn't believe it. I was going to Pen Gu Island. On the way there, I met a fellow surfer from Japan, named Tatsu. He was a silent guy, and older than me, to, but he was nice. I think I kind of annoyed him with all of my talking though. But, he turned out to be a really good friend. When I was speaking, my headache, nearly forgotten, came back worse than he had ever felt it before. He gasped. Tatsu looked at me worriedly. HI managed to gasp out an unconvincing I'm fine, mate, before falling quiet. That night, I tried desperately not to cry so loud. I could only keep the crying symptoms down to a shaking form and leaking tears. I didn't want anyone to know. They just wouldn't get it. I'm tired of seeing myself die practically every night. Unfortunately for me, Tatsu noticed the shaking, though he thought it was just from the cold. It will get better in a few days, he thought. He was wrong. \"Attention everyone, we will be stopping to fish before we reach Antarctica. So go. Come back in an hour,\" said Mike. I decided to use my trick. My trick is when I float in the water, not moving, until I see a fish. I can see really well in the water. Then, I take off after the fish. I'm unusually fast and agile. I ended up catching a big fish. While we were eating, Tatsu asked me about whether I was cold or not. I said no. Then he asked me why I was shivering last night. I panicked. Oh crap, he noticed that. \"Oh, last night, yeah, it was cold, mate,\" I lied. He seemed to believe it. Safe for now , I thought. By now, we were at Antarctica, and I was busy trying not to freeze to death. Antarctica sucks, I thought. This is so not ace . What did I tell you? bad. first fanfic ever, though. ","Summary":" If you don't like it, don't read it. Feel free to comment, and never smell dirty socks. Some things"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Gran Z","Author":"RainbowRandom2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10919252","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Drabble Las olas chocaban contra la hermosa costa de la playa donde estaba ubicada la casa de uno de los mejores surfistas de todos los tiempos, Gran Z o solamente Zeke como le decía Cody desde que habían comenzado su relación aunque ese fuera el día en la que la hicieron públicamente luego de una competencia de surf internacional en la que gano, la emoción lo llenó de una manera tan grande que corrió a abrazar a su \"Entrenador y amigo\" Z, el antiguo campeón de surf no supo cómo reaccionar cuando el menor atrapó sus labios en un apasionante beso que logró dejarlo sin aire, durante ese tiempo muchos flashes los cubrieron y las preguntas no faltaron pero no les importó ya que ciertamente en algún momento el secreto debía salir a la luz y más tratándose de personas como ellos. El primero en ir a felicitarlos fue Pepe el pollo quien pareció no perder su característica personalidad ante su \"cariñosa\" muestra de afectó, a ellos les encanto que fuera así, luego de contestar bastantes preguntas sobre su relación amorosa de la cual no dieron muchos detalles, prosiguieron con sus vidas y a ambos se les ocurrió que tal vez para ellos debería también hacerse oficial, por lo que llegamos a ese punto de la vida en la que uno se siente completo, no le importó que su familia no aceptará a su pareja por múltiples razones como la diferencia de edades, su sexo y su aspecto e físico, pero no importaba ya que ellos se amaban y para el su novio era perfecto como hecho a la medida tan sólo para él. Prácticamente se lanzaron al sofá que ahora compartían en su nuevo hogar juntos y aunque el lugar no fuera relativamente nuevo, para su amor si lo era. Que Geek le propusiera irse a vivir con el fue lo mejor que pudo pasarle. Oye Zeke ¿Estás cómodo? - Preguntó el chico de Athlanta intentando acomodarse mejor. Si - Contestó con sencillez el residente de la isla pingüino - ¿Porque? No me dejas espacio, tienes todo el sofá, de apoco no me tiras - Río divertido el pingüino de penacho amarillo siendo sujetado y levantado por el mayor que lo depositó en sus encima de sus piernas - ¡Z! No me digas que no te gusta esta posición si anoche estabas muy cómodo - Decía sonriente el héroe intentando lograr que el otro se quedara quieto - Tranquilizate ¿Quieres? Si me prometes que me llevarás mañana temprano a surfear - Respondió haciendo un tierno puchero - Con todo esto de la mudanza no pudimos hoy Si quieres te llevó a remontar unas buenas olas ahora mismo - Dijo Gran z moviéndose un poco y poniendo una de sus manos en su cintura. Pero ¿No crees que es muy tarde? - Cuestionó el prometedor muchacho confundido - Digo ya entrada la noche. Nunca es muy tarde para montar este tipo de olas, mi pequeño - Ahora utilizando un tono más sensual acariciaba ahora su pierna - Me encanta tu inocencia, Cody. ¡Oh Zeke! ¡Eres un pervertido! - Le dijo moviéndose mucho al darse cuenta de sus intenciones pero después calmadose ya que no era mala idea poner a su héroe a hacer un poco ejercicio - ¿Que tal una rutina de ejercicios antes de dormir, Gran Z? Sólo tanto como tú lo quieras - Espetó dándole la vuelta para que ambos pudieran mirarse a la cara - Así creo que estas mejor, así que comenzemos. Tal vez podríamos practicar un poco - Dijo el más bajito utilizando la voz más sensual que pudo - Pero solo si puedes seguirme el ritmo viejito Dame todo lo que tengas, muchacho... ~Fin~ ","Summary":" Drabble Las olas chocaban contra la hermosa costa de la playa donde estaba ubicada la casa de uno d"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Rythm Of The World","Author":"Celestial Rainstorm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9495295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hullo, my droplets! I know, I know, I shouldn't be working on another fic when I've got three going right now. But I rented this film and it whacked me like a ton of bricks. I've always adored Surf's Up and it's unique mockumentary style formatting. The characters have always been wonderfully colorful and fullfilling. I feel its one of the greatest overlooked animated films of the decade (Nostalgia Critic really should do a Top 11 list of Overlooked Animated Films). This certain fic was inspired by one line Cody says in the film: \"It's hard enough losing one dad, but-\" I decided to expand on that. So please read and enjoy, and don't forget to review! This is a father-son relationship fic, NOT A SLASH (sorry yaoi fans). Then, if you're interested, pop over to my major fic-quel, 9: The Savior Returns ! Catch you later! ~Raindrops to all, Cel Rhythm Of The World The day was slightly warmer than usual. \"Slightly warmer\" in Antarctica means that a blizzard wasn't ravaging the small town of Shiverpool, located on the flat surface of an iceberg. On those particular days, production at the fish sorting plant always went up at least ten percent. Rockhopper penguins circled the large piles of fish continuously, mackerel and carp flying through the air. The grey clouds hovering above promised a storm soon and production was quickly shutting down. Only hardened professionals could work in conditions such as a blizzard, as the fish piles would be difficult to see. Before the day ended, however, a middle-aged Rockhopper man was walking across the town, holding the tiny flipper of a small three-year-old boy. The young penguin looked all around, his warm brown eyes full of wonder. It wasn't often he got to go on walks with his father, let alone without his big bully of a brother. His father was usually working and far too busy to play with young Cody Maverick. Robert Maverick meant well by his two boys and his wife, Edna. However, by the time he got home, he was far too tired to see his sons. Days like this were always very special to Cody and he was always excited for when they came around. \"Alright son,\" Bob said to little Cody. The toddler looked up at his father expectantly. \"Now, your old man's gonna show you how to catch the best tuna in these waters.\" Cody nodded excitedly. \"I'mma ready, Pa.\" He squeaked as they approached the edge of town. Bob let go of his son's flipper and took the camera from around his neck. He loved photography and was the only penguin on the island that had a camera. He often took pictures of the employees at the fish sorting plant as well as the natural wonders that occurred over and around Shiverpool. One of his most prized pictures was that of the aurora australis flickering and dancing over the town. Bending down, Bob held out his camera to Cody. The little penguin knew how precious his Pa's camera was to him and was very proud that he got to hold it. \"Now Cody, I want you to take a picture of your Pa when he's got a big fish. Press this button here to take a picture.\" Bob instructed, pointing out the right button. Cody nodded. Raising the camera, squinting through the eyepiece, Cody suddenly snapped a picture in Bob's face. The older penguin gave a shout and then chuckled, rubbing his eyes from the sudden flash. \"Okay, now, don't blind your old man.\" Bob said and Cody nodded, looking a bit guilty. \"Sowwy, Pa.\" He apologized. Bob chuckled, ruffling the feathers atop his son's head while the toddler giggled. Bob then got to his feet and turned to the water, cracking his neck and stretching his flippers. Turning back to his son once more, Bob winked. \"Now, don't lose Pa's camera, 'kay?\" Cody nodded vigorously, showing that he had a good grip on the piece of equipment. Bob smiled down at his son before diving into the frigid waters. Cody kept watch on the foaming ripples where his father had disappeared into the black waters. He was quite ready to take his first picture, tip of his flipper on the button. After a few moments, Bob leapt out of the water onto a small ice flow next to the shore. In his beak he had a large Bluefin tuna. It's white, blue, and yellow body shimmered as it flopped about. Bob turned and held up his catch to his son. Cody clapped wildly. \"Go, Pa! It'sa big fishie!\" \"That's right, son. Premium Bluefin right here. We're gonna eat good tonight!\" Bob declared while Cody rubbed his round belly, thinking of the delicious tuna he was going to eat tonight. Then, he remembered the picture he was supposed to take of Bob. Getting hold of the camera, he aimed it at his father, trying to get just the right angle. \"Remember what I showed yah, Cody?\" Bob called from the ice flow. Cody nodded, his tongue sticking out the side of his orange beak. Bob grinned at his youngest son and held up the now-still tuna with a smile. The two Rockhoppers were so preoccupied with the photograph that they didn't notice the tall, sleek black fin emerging from the dark waters beside Bob. Cody got just the right angle on his father and he determinedly held it. \"Say fish!\" He called out to his father. Then, it happened so fast. There was a roar and rushing water. The gigantic body of an orca heaved from the water, immense jaws open wide. Each sharp tooth was aimed for the unaware Bob. Water flew from its sleek satin skin as it sailed right for Cody's father. The camera snapped just as the orca flew through the air. Cody's brown eyes grew wide as he dropped the camera and reached for his father. \"Pa, look out!\" But little Cody's warning was far too late. Bob looked up at his son's scream at the last minute into the dark throat of the killer whale. That was the last thing he saw as the darkness engulfed him and the orca clamped its jaws around him, disappearing into the water with a gigantic splash. Cody could only stare forward, tears streaming from his eyes down his feathered cheeks. The water settled slightly, leaving only a dark, empty space where Bob had just stood. Cody sobbed as he realized that Bob was gone. \"Pa! Pa!\" Cody suddenly snapped back into reality. In an instant, the frigid cold of Antarctica was replaced with the pleasant warmth of Pen Gu Island. He was no longer a small, three-year-old toddler, but a seventeen-year-old teenager. The young Rockhopper sat bolt upright, his heart pounding painfully against his sternum. It took a few moments for him to gain his bearings and realize exactly where he was. He was lying in the soft, white sands of Big Z's beach, sleeping in the familiar board shack constructed from the trunk of a fallen palm tree. It had just been a terrible nightmare. Cody blinked, feeling his brown eyes immediately fill with tears. Ashamed, the teenager angrily wiped away the tears from his eyes with the back of his flipper, sniffling softly. Sighing to himself, he turned to see if his mentor, Ezekiel \"Big Z\" Topanga was still asleep. Sure enough, the chubby Emperor penguin was sound asleep, snoring loudly as he lay on his stomach, surrounded by empty clam shells. Relieved that he hadn't woken the old surfer, Cody got to his feet and walked across the pristine beach, the gentle roar of the waves filling the night air. The young penguin closed his eyes and took a deep breath, loving the smell of the salty, crisp waters. Cody walked up and down the beach for a few minutes, kicking up the fine sand. The waves swelled up and down the beach, sea foam coating the edge of the island. Cody watched the waters for a moment, sighing. He couldn't keep the tremulous thoughts from rushing forward and Cody knew he wouldn't be able to sleep for the rest of the night – not after being startled awake like that. Figuring a little late-night surf would help clear his mind, Cody walked back towards the surf shack. Making sure to keep quiet, he picked out his koa board and tucked it underneath his fin. Walking towards the water, he swung out the board and laid it on the water. Lying on his chest, Cody dug his flippers into the water and paddled out to sea. For a few moments, the young surfer rode the smaller waves, easing his board in and out of the swell. The waves splashed around him, droplets coating his sleek black feathers. After a few moments of gliding along the small waves that crashed to the beach, Cody rode the board into the calmer waters. When all was still, he plopped down, lying on his back. The poor young penguin stared up into the sky. Millions of stars twinkled serenely over the island, spreading as far as the eye could see. Cody gazed up at the dark blanket of the sky, flippers over his chest. His mind was filled with troubling thoughts. It had been years since he last dreamed of his father, or even thought of that memory. Cody remembered running right back to his igloo home, screaming to his mother that the whale had taken his pa. Edna hadn't understood him at first before she finally understood her wailing son. Soon a small group of penguins were gathered at the edge of town, right where Robert Maverick had been supposedly snatched up. Some young male penguins dove into the water to see if they could locate Bob. After a half an hour of careful searching, they had to return to shore and admit defeat. Bob was really gone for good, eaten whole by an orca. Edna had cried and cried while Glen, who was seven at the time, cornered Cody afterwards, telling him that their father's death was all his fault. \" If it wasn't for your stupid picture, he wouldn't have been distracted and gotten away. It's your fault Pa's dead. It's all your fault.\" From then on, Cody put up a sort of emotional shield around the memories of his father. Whenever Bob was mentioned, he became very defensive. He never spoke of his father around Edna or Glen and very rarely mentioned him to the other citizens of Shiverpool. Cody insisted that he couldn't remember anything of Bob and shrugged off any sort of sympathy given to him. However, it had all been a sham and nobody except Cody himself knew that. What all the other Rockhoppers also didn't know was how badly Cody missed Bob. Whenever he saw a father with his kid, be in in Shiverpool or on Pen Gu, Cody would have to turn and walk the other way. The pang of longing he felt for a father was oftentimes unbearable. Although he was only three, Cody could still very well remember the time he spent with his father. Bob would always give Cody rides on his big, strong shoulders and swing him around and around by his flippers. He was always the first to stop Glen from constantly picking on poor young Cody. Cody loved his Pa dearly and wished that he could have seen his son grow into the penguin he was, see how much he had learned. He would have loved to see Cody surf, instead of shrugging him off like Edna and Glen constantly did. It was important for a boy to have a father to teach him the ways of life and bring him along into adulthood. Cody had missed that. Closing his eyes, the poor boy let a single tear fall from his eyes and into the ocean, wishing that, if only for a few moments, he could have his father back. \"Cody? What are you doin' way out here?\" A deep, familiar voice said. Cody quickly scrubbed his eyes with the back of his flipper, trying to remove any evidence that he'd been crying. Sitting up, he turned his head slightly to see Zeke on a board, paddling up to him slowly. The plump Emperor penguin slowed his board to rest beside Cody's, looking at the young penguin in concern. \"It's pretty late to be surfin'. You alright, Code?\" Zeke asked gently, noticing how red Cody's brown eyes were. The younger penguin sniffed and turned his head away, shrugging. \"Yeah. 'M fine. Just wanted to surf a little, y'know.\" Cody mumbled, looking down at the board beneath him. Zeke cocked an eyebrow, studying Cody closely. Instead of pressing the issue, the older surfer shrugged and leaned forward on his own board. \"Mind if I join you, man?\" Zeke asked, paddling away. Cody looked over his shoulder at him, wondering what the old surfer was up to. Sighing, he turned his board and followed Zeke into a slightly larger swell. The two penguins dove underneath it, beams of moonlight dancing through the surf. The light glistened on the water and their sleek feathers, illuminating the beautiful night. Standing, Zeke easily rode down the wall of water, looking completely in his element. Cody followed a bit more unsteady than his friend. Even though he tried to direct his concentration on riding the wave, he couldn't help but think of his father. His board swayed unsteadily, threatening to go over. Cody quickly righted himself, breathing a quick sigh of relief. Zeke had watched Cody nearly wipe out and realized that the young surfer really was upset tonight. Riding his board in front of Cody's, he stopped the young penguin. \"What?\" He asked in confusion. Zeke always encouraged him to go for the next wave, not stopped him. Zeke pointed back to the beach. \"Go put your board back on the beach, then swim back to me. I wanna talk.\" Zeke directed. Cody sighed and rolled his eyes. He in no way wanted to talk about what was bothering him, but it would be no use arguing with Zeke. The older penguin was one of the most stubborn Cody had known. Obeying the other man, Cody paddled his board to shore. Zeke followed him, worried for Cody. The hotheaded teenager was usually never this quiet or unsteady on his board. He had been riding with such finesse lately it was incredible. In those months Cody had been on Pen Gu Island, he had grown in many ways and never surfed better. After depositing the koa board next to the shack, Cody walked back into the water. The shrinking waves broke around his knees as he waded to Zeke. \"Come on. Take a seat.\" Zeke said, patting the other end of his board. Cody heaved himself out of the water and sat on the other end of the surfboard. Without a word, Zeke paddled them both out into deeper water while Cody sat on the edge of the board, webbed feet dragging in the water. Soon, Zeke stopped paddling, ending their trip behind the huge balanced rock in the middle of the water, off the south end of the beach. Cody looked up at his mentor in confusion. \"Why'd you paddle us all the way out here, man?\" He asked. Zeke sat back with a sigh, looking down at Cody with a soft expression, his dark brown eyes warm. \"So you could talk to me without anybody hearin' on the beach.\" Zeke replied. Cody scoffed and turned away. Zeke leaned forward slightly. \"C'mon, Code. What's buggin' yah?\" \"Nothin', man. Nothin'.\" Was Cody's immediate reply. Zeke shook his head and scooted himself further up the board, closer to Cody. He reached forward with a flipper, laying it gently on Cody's shoulder. The young surfer didn't look up at his mentor, instead turning away. He had never really talked about his father, not even to Edna. She rarely mentioned him either and Cody didn't want to upset her or get picked on by Glen for doing so. So it was quite difficult to even consider telling Zeke about his father and how he felt not having one. \"C'mon, Cody. You know you can tell me anything. It's alright, man. You know I'm here for yah.\" Zeke urged gently, peering down into Cody's face. Cody finally looked up at his mentor, frowning sadly. While Zeke was a unique individual, he was still very kindhearted and Cody had a very deep trust for him. Despite his stubbornness and hotheadedness, the young penguin knew he would feel vastly better if he finally allowed himself to tell someone how he felt about his father and he found himself grateful that it was Zeke. \"Well, it's…it's about my dad,\" Cody said softly, looking down at his fins. Zeke blinked in surprise and leaned back, completely caught off-guard. He really didn't know Cody to have parent issues. He rarely talked about his mother and brother, but never mentioned his father before. He wrote to his mother Edna back and forth ever since setting up a permanent residence on Pen Gu Island. \"What about your dad?\" Zeke prompted gently, wondering whatever the problem could be. Cody sighed, closing his eyes and bending his head. He wasn't quite sure how to begin, having never really spoken about Bob, so he figured that he'd better start at the very beginning, while Zeke listened closely. \"When I was a kid, me and my dad went out to go fish together. He even gave me his camera to take some pictures. And he loved that camera, loved taking pictures. Anyway, we went out to the edge of town to get dinner. He told me to take a picture once he got the fish. Then…man it happened so fast that Dad didn't stand a chance, y'know. This huge killer whale jumped out of the water and just – snap ! – gone. Some older dudes went out to try and find him, but they knew he was gone. They were just trying to console Mom. Afterwards everyone blamed for it. 'Cody if you hadn't distracted him,' 'Cody if you had warned him earlier.' So I always acted like I didn't remember. I always acted like I didn't remember him, so I couldn't have missed him. Every time a teacher said, like, 'Oh, Cody, I'm so sorry about your dad,' I always just told them I didn't remember. I was afraid that…\" Cody trailed off for a second. Zeke watched him closely, patiently waiting for the young penguin to continue. \"I was always afraid that if I started telling everyone how much I missed my dad that they'd see me as weak. They already saw me as the weirdo who was obsessed with surfing. And…and Glen always told me Dad's death was my fault. He always blamed me that he lost Dad too. If…if I told my mom how much I missed him, I couldn't ever even look at her again. She cried for weeks after he died. If I told everyone I missed him, then they'd knew I remembered him. Then I would get blamed even more.\" Cody then sighed, dropping his head into his flippers. He ran a flipper through his bright yellow eyebrow crests, hating the memories that came flooding forward. \"When I was younger, a few years after he died, I kept having nightmares almost every night, just the same memory over and over. My mom tried to help by telling me that I'd eventually get over them. I stopped telling her after the first few weeks. I used to think that it wasn't my fault until everyone started judging and telling me that it was. I've just kept everything inside, trying to ignore it. Sometimes I just try to forget the fact that I ever had a dad.\" Cody said, looking down at his rippling reflection. Zeke looked down at the young penguin, feeling nothing but empathy for Cody. Just as he opened his beak to say something, Cody laughed and shook his head. \"Why're you laughing?\" Zeke asked incredulously. Cody could only chuckle again. \"Why am I talkin' to you, man? It's not your problem.\" Cody said bitterly. Zeke immediately shook his head and leaned forward, putting a flipper on Cody's shoulder. The younger penguin glared up at him. \"Kid, listen to me. I know that if you keep all your problems hidden, you end up like I was. Lost. You need friends to listen because that what they're for. That's what I'm here for. There's just one thing I want to know. Has it been bothering you lately or something? You've never really mentioned anything like this before or seemed bothered. I was just wonderin'.\" Zeke said, peering down at Cody. The younger penguin sighed, dipping the tip of his flippers in the shining, dark waters beneath him. Now this particular part of his story was extremely hard to admit. It made him feel weak and vulnerable. However, he knew he had to trust Zeke. Taking a deep breath, Cody closed his eyes. \"Z, I'm turning eighteen in a few weeks and that means I'm a man. But…but I've got nobody to teach me how. Y'know, in Shiverpool and even here I see these kids with their dads and I think how they're going to, y'know…have their dads with them, teach 'em how to do things right. But me? I'm just going to screw everything up. I'm just going to be a loser.\" Cody finished, sighing and dropping his head into his flipper. Zeke blinked in surprise, never expecting Cody to say something like this. He felt for the poor boy, realizing how lonely he had been with only surfing to console him. Zeke looked down at Cody for a few moments before reaching forward with his fins. He put them both around Cody and pulled the boy closer. Cody opened his eyes and looked up at Zeke in surprise and confusion. The older surfer sighed and put a flipper around Cody's shoulders. \"Cody, I know it's hard not having a dad to be there for you…y'know, to teach you how life works. And I know it's been hard to go through life alone. But you've already learned the most important lesson of being a man. That life isn't always about you and that you have to have the courage to care for someone else. You've learned that the most important things in life aren't trophies – it's about being in the moment. Surfing isn't a contest to see whose better. It's the rhythm of the world and our connection to everything.\" Zeke said gently. He then looked down for a moment before continuing. \"And I know that I could never take the place of your dad. But I hope that you do know that I will always be there for you, Code. You turned me around when I was pretty lost. You are already one of the bravest men I've met. I am very proud of you, Cody.\" Zeke said, grinning down at the young penguin. Cody looked up at Zeke in astonishment. The older surfer only smiled wider, his expression soft and his brown eyes twinkling. Cody smiled back and Zeke lifted his fin, playfully ruffling the top of Cody's head. The young penguin smiled even wider. It was in that moment Cody realized he wasn't alone. He'd finally found his father in Zeke. The older penguin had taken him in when he was the most lost in his life he'd ever been. He showed him what truly matters in life and Cody felt as if he was finally moving forward in his life. He was going to turn eighteen and truly launch into his life. Instead of feeling extreme trepidation, he was now excited for what was to come. Sitting up on his knees, Cody leaned forward and wrapped his flippers around Zeke, hugging him tightly. Zeke blinked in surprise, looking down at Cody in confusion. However, he soon felt Cody's shoulders quiver as he silently cried into his mentor's shoulder, closing his eyes tightly. This time, he let the tears come forward and run down his orange beak, soaking into Zeke's feathers. The older penguin then enfolded the young surfer in his fins, holding him close. The two sat like for a moment, bobbing gently on the dark waters. Cody sniffled quietly, hiding his face into Zeke's shoulder. \"Love you, man,\" Cody murmured, his voice muffled in his friend's thick black feathers. However, Zeke heard him very clearly. The older surfer's response was to hug the teenager closer and reply, \"Yeah, me too kid.\" They remained like this for a few more moments before Zeke got a mischievous gleam in his eye. He withdrew from Cody slightly and gripped his sides with his fins. Cody was about to ask what was going on when Zeke playfully tossed him into the water. Cody surfaced a moment later, coughing and spluttering in confusion, to find Zeke on the surfboard, guffawing loudly. In retaliation, Cody gripped the side of the surfboard and tipped it over, sending Zeke into the water as well with a shout. The two penguins shared a good laugh for a moment before climbing back onto the surfboard. For the rest of the night, after retrieving his koa board, Cody and Zeke rode along the gigantic midnight waves roaring to shore. Just as the blue light of dawn was shining on the ocean, Cody and Zeke found themselves encased in a gorgeous tube. Turquoise waters churned over their heads, foam and droplets splashing onto their feathers. That exhilaration, the peace that Cody felt whenever he was inside the waves of Pen Gu engulfed him. He let his flipper drag through the wave, smiling widely. Sunlight filtered through the wave and glinted off his sleek black feathers. Looking up, he saw Zeke smiling over his shoulder at him through the bright orange light of sunrise. Cody smiled back at him as he sailed smoothly out of the tube, knowing that he was going to surf into a bright future knowing that he finally had a father beside him. ","Summary":" Hullo, my droplets! I know, I know, I shouldn't be working on another fic when I've got three going"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Sunrise","Author":"Sakura Camui","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6687447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : I wrote this for my BFF in exchange for some fanart (from a different fandom); but I like this pairing too. It's not normal, it's not conventional and I assume like 99% of everyone here won't like it, but if you don't like it, don't read it. Or review, thanks. I didn't make you look at my fic. This is Z/Cody. It's just sweet, nothing weird. I'm not a furry, lol. But for anyone who's been looking for a story like this (like we have) please enjoy! Sunrise The waves crashed on the deserted beach with only Z to watch them. The moonlight was especially bright tonight and he was considering taking a late night surf. His thoughts lately had been rather turbulent and he was hoping being out on the water would at least make him forget what was on his mind. Either that or help him come to some kind of solution. Frowning to himself, he looked down the beach to see the subject of all his confusion trudging his way through the sand. Obviously Cody was unhappy about something. \"Hey Code, something bugging you?\" he called out as the younger surfer came closer. \"Yeah, pretty much.\" Cody kicked a shell down the beach. \"What's up? You can talk to me, y'know.\" Z offered. \"I don't think I can, Z. I just wanna surf or something, I dunno.\" \"Are you sure? Cause I'm ready to listen.\" The older surfer playfully poked Cody in the side but Cody batted him away. It dawned on Z then that Cody was alone tonight. \"Dude, just chill -\" \"Is it Lani?\" Z asked flat out. \"Uh, eh, hmph.\" The younger surfer nodded reluctantly. \"Sit down.\" He pointed to a rock nearby and Cody obeyed. \"Tell me what's going on.\" \"It's, like, over, Z. All of it.\" \"Over? Wait, you guys broke up?\" That honestly shocked him. Everytime he had seen Lani and Cody together they seemed happier than happy. A feeling of guilt welled up inside of him as he processed this information. He was happy they weren't together anymore. Oh, great … \"Yep, all finished, that's all she wrote and all that.\" Cody kicked sand into the already dying fire. \"Did she give you a reason or did she just ditch you?\" \"Apparently,\" The younger surfer sighed loudly. \"My 'heart' wasn't in it. Whatever that means.\" \"Hmm, well, why don't we catch some waves and see how you feel after that, alright?\" Z suggested, partially because he really needed to get out there himself. \"Anything, let's just get out of here.\" Luckily Cody had left his board down at the older surfer's shack earlier in the day so he could just grab it and start paddling out. Z followed after him. He always did love surfing with Cody. He couldn't really put it into words, he wasn't really great with them; but Cody and him just seemed to click even more when they were out together on the water. – But these were the kind of thoughts that had him out here in the first place. It was good to feel close with his student, after all they had been through it was only natural. He also owed a lot to Cody .. as much as he didn't want to admit it, he was much happier surfing for himself, for fun, and not huddled up in some hut in the woods all alone anymore. His feelings for Cody had gotten a bit more complicated than that of just a friend or of a teacher and his student. He reminded himself to clear his mind and he took the next wave that came, just thinking about how the ocean looked in the night. Cody watched Z go off, but he hung back. There were some things that Lani said that he didn't tell the older surfer. Things that just didn't sound right .. but things he was starting to think were true. It hurt her to say them, he thought, but his mind was too mixed up right now to understand the look on her face. \" Your heart has never belonged to me. I thought I had it .. but I didn't. Your heart has belonged to someone else for years. You know who I mean. \" He shook his head, trying to get the echo of her voice out of it. How could she think that? He didn't know where she was even getting it. He'd never ever feel that way about – He couldn't finish his thought as a wave overtook him and he found himself rolling along with it. Paying attention probably would have helped. He eventually hit the beach and gulped in air. It wasn't the first, and certainly not the last, time it'd happened to him. His heart still raced, his lungs burnt a bit and he had to cough out some saltwater. Even as he lie there catching his breath, he answered his own denial from earlier. Lies, they were all lies and he knew it. He'd know it all along, down to his very core. He was in love. And he'd been in love since before he knew what it was. \"Code, hey Code!\" Z came up to him, carrying his own board and Cody's. \"That looked rough .. you still breathin' there?\" \"Yeah … too bad I don't have gills, huh?\" The younger surfer said, still coughing. Z laughed. \"I guess, but then we wouldn't have you here on land, and we'd all hate that.\" He set the boards down and helped Cody up. \"I guess that's true.\" Cody mumbled, mostly to himself. The older surfer frowned and pulled his former student around to face him. \"What do you mean, I guess? Of course everyone wants you around.\" Cody met Z's eyes and then looked away just as quick. \"Yeah, you're right. I was just kidding.\" \"Is the Lani thing really getting to you? I mean, I can talk to her if you want -\" \"No, no, don't.\" Cody protested quickly. He didn't want Lani telling the older surfer the same things she had said to him. He tried to subtly move away from Z so they weren't touching anymore and dropped down to sit on his rock again. He looked at the fire, which had dwindled down to just a few orange embers. \"I'm fine, really.\" \"You don't seem fine.\" Z sighed and sat back down on his own rock. \"Well, Lani just said some really uncool things, y'know, so I just need time to get over it.\" \"Heh, what'd she do, call you names?\" The older surfer laughed. \"C'mon Z, it's serious. And no, she didn't.\" He looked over and Z was staring at him with an expectant look. He wanted an explanation obviously. \"Er, she just told me some stuff I didn't wanna hear.\" \"Abooout?\" His former teacher prompted. Cody didn't answer and there was a long silence filled only by the sound of the waves crashing onto the shore. Z knew Cody didn't want to talk about whatever Lani had said but something in him told him to keep pressing for information. His niece sometimes had better insight into things than most, so whatever reason she had for breaking up with Cody and whatever she had said were not done or said out of spite; they had purpose behind them. He finally heard a mumbled reply. \"What?\" \"She told me some stuff that was about you.\" Cody stood up again, looking frustrated. \"Lani broke up with you .. because of me?\" Z asked, slightly in disbelief. \"Technically, yes.\" The younger surfer paced back and forth. He couldn't figure out why he was admitting all this. \"Well, it wasn't really you, it was more about me and – well -\" \"Do you – like me , Cody?\" The question was half-joking and half-serious. \"Uh, no, of course not, Z, that'd be totally weird-\" He looked at his former teacher's expression and gave up. \"You can tell I'm lying, right?\" \"Yup.\" \"I'm sorry.\" Cody looked forlorn. He just hoped Z wasn't grossed out by him now. \"Code ..\" The younger surfer looked up to see Z had moved over slightly and was motioning for him to come over. He walked over slowly and sat down, aware of how close they both were. He felt Z's fin come around his shoulder and pull him closer. \"Z … ?\" \"Lani usually knows what she's talking about.\" His heart sank slightly, not sure what the older surfer meant. \"Yeah .. unfortunately.\" \"What I'm trying to say with that is .. I like you too, Cody.\" Z let out a soft sigh. He wasn't even sure if this was the right thing to do, but it felt right to him. There was silence again before he felt Cody hug him back. The younger surfer hid his face against Z's side. He was literally surprised at how happy he felt hearing that. It was sort of like how he felt when it was just him and Z surfing the tube together. Like nothing else existed or mattered. Just him and Z and the waves. \"Thanks, Z.\" His voice came out in a whisper. He felt the older surfer hold him tighter. \"Of course, Code.\" Dawn was actually on it's way as the dark sky began to turn blue. They didn't need to talk about how they felt or what having a relationship would mean. As the light became paler, they grabbed their boards and paddled out again. It wasn't until Z saw Cody smiling back at him in the orange light of the sunrise, that he didn't just feel it was right. He knew it was right. And that was all he needed. ","Summary":" A/N : I wrote this for my BFF in exchange for some fanart (from a different fandom); but I like thi"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"The man she wants, but the life she doesn't","Author":"Elephantsneedwater","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11690925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I just saw this movie and fell absolutely in love with Tom Hardy's character Forrest. Its going to take place during the movie, but it;s not going to be one of those replace Maggie with an OC. Maggie will still be there, but so will my OC Ida Willson. This is my take n it. I hope you all enjoy it. The first time I ever saw Forrest Bondurant was in 1918, he was 17 and the Spanish flu had bed ridden him and his poor parents. I was studying to be a nurse at the time and one of the doctors I was under had them as patients. His parents had died earlier that morning and everyone expected him too as well, but somehow by the grace of God or just dumb luck he pulled through and I along with everyone else was just as shocked. He on the other hand was not shocked at all, he just walked on out towards the station like nothing even happened. Like he wasn't affected by the fact that his parents had just died. It might've bothered him eventually, but that day and that following week, hell even at the funeral- he was not fazed. There were rumors that he and his brothers were indestructible. It was a tale that started when his older brother, Howard, came back from war after his entire Battalion was wiped out. It was even more believable after Forrest had walked away that day. That was 13 years ago and I still reside in Franklin County, but as a nurse now. The Bondurant Brothers are all grown now and still kicking. Since the Prohibition passed a few years back they've been supplying the County with Moonshine, the best around. My father even buys some from them every now and then. I, myself try to stay away from the business all together, but my mind keeps straying to Forrest, He's grown into a very handsome, rugged, stable man over the years. I see them every now and then when I pass the station on my way to work or I see them in town. Forrest always gives me a nod when we cross paths. I always smile and blush ducking my head like a school girl with a crush. On this particular hot and bright summer day I decide to stop by the Station. Once I enter Cricket smiles and waves at me. \"Hi, Ms. Ida,\" \"Hello, Cricket. How are you today?\" Cricket is such a sweetheart always brings my family the knitting's of his Great aunts. I smile at him as a blush creeps up his neck as I take a seat next to him. There's a woman who enters from the back carrying a large case of unpeeled potatoes. I smile at her and introduce myself. \"Hi, I'm Ida Wilson. It's nice to meet you,\" The pretty red head smiles at me,\" Maggie Buford, pleasure,\" Her smile is a bit tense as if she's trying to size me up. I smooth out my grey blouse and black skirt and wonder if my dark hair is out of place or my lipstick is smudged. She grabs a peeler from the cupboard and carries the case outside. I turn to Cricket,\"Since when does a woman like her work here?\" Cricket peers up at me and smiles at the thought of the other woman,\"Oh, a few weeks now. Forrest hired her,\" At the mention of his name my heart flutters,\"Oh, did he now?\" I say looking out the window to see Maggie working away at the potatoes,\"I'm going to see if she needs any help,\" I said standing up,\"Oh, Cricket, my mother is waiting fr new knits,\" \"I'll go see if there are any ready right now, Ms. Ida!\" Cricket dove pass me running fast down the street towards his house. The air outside was heavy, but there was a slight breeze that ruffled my skirt as I took a seat next to Maggie. She smiled at me. \"You're not from around here,\" I said. \"Obviously,\" \"What brought you all the way to Franklin, if you don't mind me asking?\" I watched her pale hands slice away at the potatoes with the peeler, she worked fast, but I've been faster. \"The city was getting to me so I decided I needed a change,\" She answered. \"I visited the city once to see my Uncle, it was loud and the people there are so rude,\" I laughed at the memory of man barreling through my Uncle and I because we were walking too slow on the street,\"Welcome to Franklin County, we're all a bit nicer than the city folk,\" She nodded,\"So far, yes,\" An awkward silence fell over us and I tapped my feet against the wood as she peeled. \"You know I can always help with the peeling. There might be another peeler inside,\" I offered. \"I think there's one in the back,\" I nodded and got up just as two cars pulled up. I recognized one as the Sheriff, but the other was too fancy. I decided to ignore the rumbling of the engines and search for what I came for. My heels clicked against the dull wood as I searched. \"Aha!\" I gasped pulling the peeler from in between bowls. I quickly stood back up and made my way back outside, but the air had shifted and Maggie's peeling has slowed significantly. Her gaze fixed on Forrest and the men below. I recognized the Sheriff and his deputy, but the other man was new. I slowed my pace and stood next to Maggie, the man in the dark grey suit and grease slicked back hair had shifted his gaze from Maggie to me and I faltered in my step. His gaze was cold and unwelcoming. Forrest seemed to take notice of me for the first time since I had last saw him last week. His eyes locked with mine briefly before shooting to the man. A low grumble escaped his throat. I watched him snatch the money away from the Sheriff and walk towards one of the cars. There was an older gentleman inside and after a few moments of what I believe were threatening words, Forrest walked back towards us. My eyes never left Forrest. I could still feel that man staring. \"Y'all want to go inside now,\" Forrest's deep gruff voice broke through the silence. Maggie was quick to oblige and was inside so fast I had to gather everything myself. Case of potatoes in hand I stopped short at the door when Forrest turned to look at the well dressed man. He had ended the conversation when he began to walk towards the stations front door, but that man was now looking at Forrest. \"You thinking of drawing on me?\" His voice was slimy and the sun beamed off his greased locks as he moved his head. And in that moment my breathing stopped. I could see Forrest body tense as they glare at each other. The Sheriff, un-clips his gun holster and my eyes dart back to Forrest. I began t open my mouth to call to him when he just grunts and walks away taking my elbow in his hand as he leads me inside. \"Who were they, Forrest?\" I ask once the cars drive off. He just looks at me intensely for a moment,\"Check on Cricket, he went into the shop, Ida,\" and with that he walks to his room. Maggie and I exchange looks and she just shrugs smiling as if she knows something I don't,\"He's not a man of many words, believe me I've tried,\" She said as she begins to unpeel the potatoes again. \"I know,\" I find Cricket leaning against the side of the station. \"Hey, need a ride home?\" \"Yes, please, Ms. Ida,\" \"Come on, then. Maybe we'll get something to eat on the way?\" I asked pulling him under my arm. I've known Cricket for years, he was a smart kid, slow in some areas, but very sweet. We ended up going to a diner a bit out of town. He was worried I was spending too much money, but I let him know that I was allowed to splurge every now and then. While we ate he told me of what Jack had found the other day. He showed me an empty shell and I remembered that there was a shootout in the middle of town. The downside of eating aways out of town is that after I dropped Cricket off at his house it was already dark. I rarely drove at night. Tried to avoid it if I could. I made it home safely and was glad to see my bed. After I showered and dressed for bed my mind wouldn't let me sleep. It kept trying to make sense of what had happened earlier today. That man in the suit seemed to be of high power, maybe a new special deputy or something. With all these new higher ups in town, they're going to have to be careful with their business. I shut my light off and rolled over forcing myself to sleep. \"Ida! Don't forget, Wilbur needs a new bedpan,\" Doctor Rodgers exclaimed. \"Got it, you know after i change the sheets on the four beds you asked of me,\" I groaned sliding into the supply closet grabbing a bedpan. I quickly maneuvered past a few other nurses and made my way to the empty room. I was finishing up the second bed when I noticed someone had staggered into the room clutching their side. \"Ms. Ida! You have to help Jack,\" Cricket cried suddenly in the room. He placed his best friend on the bed and I quickly hurried over. \"Jack? What happened to Jack, Cricket?\" I asked as I took off his hat that was covering his face. There was a lot of blood and my stomach churned at the sight of how swollen his face was. It looked as if Cricket had tried to wipe some of the blood away. Jack was in a lot of pain so I tried to be as gentle as I could and worked quickly. Nothing was broken so it was easier to work when nothing needed to be set. \"He came right into my house and then he saw Jack and just went crazy,\" Cricket blurted. \"Who did, Cricket?\" \"The man from the other day,\" I looked up at Cricket confused, but then it dawned on me,\"The man in the suit?\" Jack grunted and let out a cry,\"Sorry, I'll be more gentle,\" I finished as quickly as I could. Jack had bruises all over his face and his ribs were bruised as well. I gave him a bottle of pain meds, not too much just a few pills for the next week to help with the rib pain. I iced his face to help the swelling and on my break I drove them home. \"Jack, I'm so sorry this happened to you,\" \"Wouldn't have happened to Forrest or Howard,\" \"Don't compare yourself to them,\" I told him as I pulled up to the Station. I parked and got out quickly moving to help him out, but either his ego or the fact that Forrest was sitting on the porch got to him, he pushed my hands away and walked briskly inside. I sighed and walked back towards the driver side when a voice spoke up. \"You didn't have to do that,\" Forrest said. I looked at him and smiled,\"I don't mind helping,\" He was in his usual high neck striped shirt and instead of his brown vest he wore a green sweater vest. Even in old clothes he still took my breath away. \"Maggie got it for me,\" He said smoothly. I must've been staring harder than I thought. \"It's nice,\" I choked out. My fingers rung together and he stood up from his chair walking down towards me. He stood right in front of me causing me to look up at him. His grey-green eyes shined bright in the sun and his lips pulled up in a knowing grin. \"I thought we agreed to not lie to each other,\" I stepped back, shocked he had remembered that night. It was well over a year ago now. \"I thought you didn't remember,\" He leaned down so his lips were by my ear,\" I don't forget anything,\" He said pulling away. We were so close now and my heart was hammering against my chest. His eyes fell to my lips and he leaned in, but my mind was screaming no and I stepped back. \"I'm so sorry, Forrest,\" I stammered out before rushing to my car. I slammed the door shut and drove off quickly not looking back. That's the first chapter, I'll be sure to write more if it's taken well. Let me know how you all like it.[Chapter 2] I had not realized there were so many spelling errors in the first chapter until I read it over after I had published it. I'm sorry for that, I do know that my O key doesn't like to work sometimes. I have to press harder down on it. I also noticed that my writing seemed a bit stiff. I haven't written in over two years. Military life and just life in general gets to you after awhile, but I hope to breath a bit more life into this chapter. Also thank you for my one follow and the seven of you who decided to read a very badly written first chapter (in my opinion). I hope it wasn't too bad to not garner a few reviews. I do hope this one is better as well. I welcome any type of reviews good or bad, I don't mind. I do not own Lawless or any of the characters except my OC. My foot tapped heavily against the tiled floors as I tried to concentrate on my paperwork, but no matter how hard I tried my mind kept wandering. Wandering to the voice that plagued my mind for years. The voice that had told me he remembers everything. What could he have meant by that? Could he have meant the fact that I had walked away from him after my mother had told me I couldn't marry him because he wasn't good enough for me? Little did my mother know was that we were already married. Married that summer in a town over so no one would know. He had even bought me a ring that I had never worn. Still haven't. I was whisked away and sent to school early. My mother had said that my community service and shadowing of doctors at the local hospital wasn't enough for someone like me. I understood that she felt like my life would amount to nothing with Forrest and my talents would be squandered by the normal life of a wife. That's how her life had ended up. She was an aspiring writer, but that life was given up when she fell for my father. She didn't want to see it happen to me and in a way I'm grateful she did because I am where I had wanted to be in my career. I studied hard and advanced, but I've always remembered that ring in my jewelry box. It was his mothers. I remember seeing it on her finger at the Hospital before she died. Forrest had said that his father had saved up for years to buy the small ruby engagement ring. It was a simple band that had two small rubies around the center larger ruby. None of the stones were big, but beautiful and when that ring was slipped on my finger as a symbol of our joining at that courthouse my heart had soared. It was short lived though. I had to hide it from my mother once I gotten home and then I never put it on again. Forrest even had his fathers wedding band. I didn't see it on his finger. \"Ida, stop daydreaming and finish that paperwork. I'd like it on my desk by five,\" Dr. Rodgers bellowed and I nodded blushing deeply when everyone looked up at me. I thought I was hidden in the back corner, but I guess not. I finished the paper work on my patients as needed and was headed to clock out when my friend Delia stopped me. \"Ida, are you alright?\" She asked her red lips pulled into a tight smile as she walked next to me. I rubbed the back of my neck feeling sweat and a few loose curls,\"Yes, why do you say that?\" I asked punching my card. She frowned,\" I saw the youngest Bondurant boy come in earlier,\" I held the door open for her glad to be out of the hospital and away from the stench of medicine,\"Yes, what point are you trying to make, Delia?\" \"Just be careful. Those Bondurant Boys are bad news, I just don't want to see you get hurt,\" \"Hurt? Why would I get hurt? All I did was treat the poor boy. It's not like I'm helping them run their business or something, Delia!\" Anger had risen out of me so quickly that the shocked look on Delia's face mimicked my own once the words had bubbled out,\"I'm so sorry-,\" \"No, I get it. I was just looking out for you, Ida. Have a nice night,\" She turned on her heel and walked towards her car. I sighed and kicked a rock,\"Way to go, Ida,\" The drive home was quick and I was so glad to get out of my uniform. The nurse shoes always made my heels hurt. It was late now around six so I decided to dress for bed and make dinner. My apartment was nice and my lifestyle of never being in it seeing as it was so bare. I had furniture and whatnot, but it was always so clean and dusty at the same time. I didn't even have many photos. I had paintings...I glanced over at the clock and sighed. It'll be a late dinner today it seemed. Mashed potatoes, chicken and broccoli was served for one forty five minutes later. I ate in silence listening to the clock tick away as I tried to keep my mind on the article I was reading. I was having no such luck because Forrest's voice kept creeping in. I wonder if he still thinks of me. Of course he does or he wouldn't have tried to kiss you, he wouldn't have said what he had said either. But he's known for years that I've worked at the Hospital. He saw me when I first got back. But he never came to see me or even tried to seek me out, but neither did I. I frowned and stood up from the table, done with my plate of cold food. I tossed it away and left the kitchen, turning the light out as I did. My room was cool from the summer breeze slipping through my cracked window. I slipped out my slippers and slid under my cool sheets. They tickled my bare legs and arms as I settled into bed. My mother had bought me this silk short and camisole set for Christmas last year. They were my favorite. The pale blue matched my robe perfectly. I needed to go to sleep or I'd regret it in the morning. The more I stayed awake the better chance I had of thoughts of Forrest. Hopefully sleep would help. Sleep did not help. I bolted upright panting at the nightmare I just had. The night was still outside my window. No crickets were chirping, there was no wind. I reached over and tuned my lamp on my eyes frantically looking for my clock on my dresser as they adjusted. 12:45. I bolted out of bed and pulled on socks, grabbed a long cardigan and shoved shoes on my feet. Before I knew it I was out my door and speeding to the Station. I had had the worst nightmare in my life. Forrest had invited me over and everything was fine until he had told me all the horrible things he thought of me over the years. It was horrible. He had told me that because of me he would never love again and he wouldn't love me. He said I didn't fight for us. That I didn't try to stay. I wasn't even sure what I was doing right now, driving to Blackwater Station like I was going t make up for the last ten years. Like what I was going to say was even going to matter after all this time. What happened earlier could have just been a symptom of lust of seeing me so close. Yes, that's what it was. It wasn't anything else, Ida. I slowed down halfway up the road to the Station. I could see the building now. It was dark so dark. They all must be sleeping. I've come all this way I might as well go and do what I came to do. I drove the rest of the way up to the station and parked next to Forrest's beat up car. He's had that since we were kids. I left the car on and shivered at the cold air as I made my way up to the door. I hadn't realized how cold it was. my adrenaline was pumping earlier. It was quiet and dark. I knocked,\"Forrest?\" I listened intently and still couldn't hear anything. No shuffling of someone coming towards the door or Forrest's low grumble. I stood there for a few more moments and decided this was a bad idea all together. None of them were even here. I turned away from the door and quickly walked to my car. It was colder than I had initially thought. I sat in my seat and leaned my head against the steering wheel, cursing myself for driving all the way out here. Sighing, I backed out and drove home. The next morning work was a bit crazy. There was a line of kids outside the doors and security guards and doctors were shooing them away. After I had put my coat and purse in my cubby and clocked in I made my way to Delia's desk. She was busy scribbling down notes. \"Delia, I wanted to apologize for the way I had acted last night,\" I said. She looked up at me her blue eyes shining,\"Did you hear?\" She questioned. She was excited about something. \"Hear what?\" I asked looking around, hell everybody was so excited ,\"Did you hear what I had said? I'm apologizing,\" \"Yeah, yeah, I forgot about what was even said. It don't matter now. You really haven't heard yet?\" She asked standing up quickly from her seat. She took me by the elbow and led me to the back towards the private rooms while she spoke,\"You know it was freezing last night?\" The memory of my little detour made me shiver and I nodded,\"Yes, it seems like Summer is coming to an end. I really should have started that garden-,\" \"Never mind about your garden, Ida. They say that the cold is what saved his life. Stopped the blood flow or something like that, but I've never seen a man survive an injury like that! Especially on how they all said he got here. He walked here! All five miles. Old Man Webber could have sworn he saw him last night too,\" She spoke so fast I almost didn't catch anything. We stopped at the double doors leading to the private rooms. \"Delia, I'm so lost on what's going on. Why am I here? I have things to do,\" I said. \"Not until you see it for yourself,\" She said opening the door, she gestured for me to go ahead. \"Aren't you coming?\" \"I was here when they brought him in, go on,\" Him? Was it some gangster that was riddled with bullet holes and somehow survived? I walked down the hall confused as hell. Nurses were whispering to each other and Doctors were doing the same. \"His neck was clean off!\" \"How did he walk here?\" \"It's impossible how he survived,\" \"The rumors must be true,\" I kept walking my heart beating hard against my chest as I began to feel hot. I had a horrible feeling in my gut as I neared the back room. It was the only door closed and as I neared it opened and Dr. Rodgers came out and I caught a glimpse of Jack and Howard, only the back of their heads, why would thy be here? I must be seeing things. \"Oh, good of you to join this crazy fiasco we call morning shift, Nurse Ida,\" He greeted me. I kept looking over his shoulder at the cracked door. He noticed my anticipation and smiled,\" I don't know how he did it, but he made it here for treatment with his neck almost clean off,\" He stepped aside,\"Go on, he's your patient now. Nothing too tedious he's out of the woods now. His dressing will need changing in a few hours. He's sedated so he'll be asleep for the next few hours. He should sleep for most of the day actually. Come see after your shift so we can discuss. This is a great learning opportunity, Nurse Ida,\" Dr Rodgers explained and walked away. I stared at the door almost scared to open it. No one had told me who this was,\"Wait, is anyone going to tell who my patient is?\" I sighed and ran my hand through my curly brown hair annoyed at how the morning was going. I guess I'll find out who it is on his chart. I turned the knob and ca,e face to face with Howard and Jack. I guess I wasn't mistaken when I thought I had saw the back of their heads. The look on their faces made my stomach drop. The room gt heavy as my eyes searched Howard's, but he just shook his head. Then I looked to Jack whose eyes were filled with unshed tears and his face was red. He was trying to be strong, but...why...? My eyes slowly traveled the room. It was as if I wouldn't let myself look at who was in the bed. Who was hooked up to the machines. I knew who it was. Howard and Jack didn't just cry over anybody. My eyes finally landed on the all too familiar face. Paler now and glistening with sweat. A bandage covered his neck entirely, blood soaked through and I choked on a sob. I hadn't even realized I was crying. \"Forrest,\" Please let me know if this was better. I feel like it was. I welcome any type of reviews :) Thank you and have a great night. I might have some flashbacks in the next chapter explaining their relationship more. I was going to have her find him when she had went to the Station, but I thought that was too cliched. I liked her finding out this way better. It seemed a bit more believable and a bit more emotional then her finding him and taking him to the Hospital. I didn't want her to take Maggie's spot since I think that was a turning point for Maggie and Forrest's relationship that is going to affect Ida later on. I'll also describe Ida's appearance in the next chapter. Toodle loo, sweet readers![Chapter 3] Thank you for all the reviews. I'm glad you're enjoying it so far. There will be more Forrest and Ida interactions in this chapter. I'll try to answer some of the reviews here without giving much away. SincerelyAnOpputunist: I'm so glad you're enjoying this. I was a bit worried that no one would read it. analuizmira: Haha, yes. I wanted a bit of a twist so I threw the marriage in. RhyeninHelaena: First, I would like to thank you for both of your reviews. I really appreciate it. Ida will be Forrest's romantic pursuit, but he's going to be stubborn about it based off of how his past went with her. It is about Ida and Forrest, but in order for him and Ida to be together again they have to squash everything bad between them and in the mean time Maggie will try to express her feelings towards Forrest. They're relationship is more of a 'we're together, but we're not,\" It's a bit complicated, but hopefully I'll be able to express it well in coming chapters. Chapter 3: The air was crisp and cool as its swept throughout the room. It crept across my bare arms leaving goose flesh as it did. I stifled a chill and concentrated on my task at hand. I could feel him staring at me as I leaned over him to sterilize and apply more medical tape. He's been in the Hospital for a week now and the craziness that surrounded his first days were finally winding down. I was glad it was going back to normal, I mean you had a few kids lingering by the doors hoping to catch a glimpse of the Invincible Bondurant. I would shoo them away and they'd be back the next day. We didn't talk much, not after I had broken down the first time I was made to clean his wound. It was clean across, deep, but a low cut. That and the cold air and snow that night was what had saved him. I was there that night. I realized that I could have been the one to rush him to the hospital instead of him walking. It wasn't me and he did walk, but he didn't die and I'm okay with that. There's no point of beating myself up abut it. Now when I check on him, clean his wound, bring him his food or try to get him in the wash, which he declines every time, I keep a straight face and try not to look him in the eye. As I stand over him and can feel his hot breathe against my jaw I fight t look at him. I keep a steady hand and finish up. \"Lift your head, please,\" I say and wrap the tape around his neck securing it by his ear. He lays his head back and I fluff his pillow and walk towards the front of his bed, scribble a few notes on his chart. My eyes glance at my wrist watch. \"I'll be back in a few with your lunch,\" I tell him and turn on my heel. I didn't look at him once and I hear him shift in bed and a low grunt escapes his lips. I linger in the doorway and sigh turning to look at him. His face kills me. His eyebrows are furrowed and his eyes are wide with anger and something else. He's biting his lip and I realize he wants to speak to me. \"Forrest, you still can't speak. Please, don't try to,\" I tell him. He just grunts, but keeps staring at me. I avert my eyes and look at my shoes. This makes him angry because he pounds his fist on the bed. \"What is your problem?\" I spit out, but Forrest just stares at me with the same expression,\"I have work to do,\" I ignore his pounding as I walk out the room. Tears had sprung up in my eyes and I wipe them away as I make my way to the cafeteria to get his lunch. I try to get everything he likes. Today they're serving mashed potatoes with brown gravy and green beans. Instead of the beans I opt for Broccoli and ham with garlic sauce. It's not the best, it lacks color and vibrancy as other food has, but it'll do. I grab a milk carton and head back towards his room. I pass my desk and set his food down before I grab my sandwich from my desk, I set it out with my apple juice and proceed towards his room again when Delia stops me. \"Is he allowed to have visitors?\" She asks. \"Not right now, it's lunch time,\" I tell her. \"Tell that to the woman in there,\" My body grows hot and my palms immediately began to warm. I swallow and walk towards his room. I stand by the slightly open door when I hear her voice. She's apologizing for what happened to him. I wait to hear Forrest grunt, but I peer in to see he's asleep. She's standing over him now with her hand on his and I clear my throat and walk in. \"Hello, Maggie, how are you?\" I ask setting the tray on the nightstand. I put his milk closer to him and look at her. \"I'm good, I'm sorry, but I've forgotten your name,\" \"Ida, I'm a friend of Forrest,\" \"And his nurse it seems,\" She replies. \"Yes, is there anything I can help you with?\" \"I just wanted to see how he was doing,\" I smile,\"You could come during visiting hours,\" \"Oh, I hadn't realized,\" \"They're on the door when you walk in. You can come by tomorrow morning if you'd like. Right now is his lunch time and as you can see he's not awake, so if you don't mind,\" I tried so hard for my voice not to be harsh and cold but I think it came across as just that because she smiled and turned around apologizing. I shut the door she came through and went out the nurse door. \"Doesn't anybody read the visitor sign?\" I growled sitting harshly in my seat. \"I take it you didn't like his visitor,\" Delia said glancing up at me from her own lunch. \"No! I just- he was sleeping and if she cared for him she'd let him sleep and not sit there and try to speak to him. That's all,\" I said unwrapping my sandwich. The rest of the week was simple and slow. I stayed to my routine and he stayed starring at me. I didn't speak to him too much. I would tell myself that I should, but I knew I'd either be angry or crying so I would just keep my mouth shut and do my job. In a way I'd turn my feelings off when I was around him. It was rather easy even when his brothers and Cricket would visit. None of his family knew anything about us. We were smart with how we went about our relationship. Times like now is when I regret doing that. He was to be released in the next week or so and he still hadn't spoken. I was worried that his voice may be permanently damaged. The end of the week was finally dragging to an end and I was more than ready to go back to my apartment. \"Anything new today?\" I asked Delia when I walked in this morning. \"The usual,\" She said glancing at me,\"You look nice today,\" \"Oh, this?\" I said glancing down at my blue dress,\"I've had this for years, thank you though,\" \"Where's your uniform?\" \"I spilt coffee this morning on the way out so I had to throw this on,\" I frowned at her as she put her finger up silencing me. She got up and walked to the nurses door leading towards Forrest's door. \"What is it?\" \"Shh!\" She waved me over,\"I think that woman is back. Visitor's hours don't start for another hour,\" She told me as I joined her by the door. I could hear Maggie's faint voice and then a grumbled voice that was too recognizable,\"He's speaking!\" \"Has been for the past three days, full sentences and everything. The cut missed his voice box,\" Delia said. She must have caught on to my troubled look,\"You didn't know?\" \"No, he hasn't said anything to me,\" \"That's odd,\" she whispered leaning her ear against the door. Why would he not want to speak around me? \"What do you think they're talking about?\" \"I don't know but he needs his rest, excuse me,\" She stepped back and I opened the door. Maggie was in a very beautiful dress and sitting next to Forrest on the bed. They both looked at me and I just looked at Maggie. \"I'm sorry to have to do this again, but visiting hours aren't for another hour,\" I said keeping my eyes on her. \"It's no problem. I was on my way out,\" She explained standing up and picking up her suitcase. I wondered if she was leaving. I followed her to the visiting door, shutting it once she left. \"I'll be back in an hour to check your bandages. I'll also bring some breakfast,\" \"Ida,\" His voice was raspy and trained, but it's the first time I had heard him say my name in a long time. I stopped walking but didn't turn around,\"That dress was always my favorite on you,\" The sob choked out of me before I even knew what was happening I spun around and glared at him. \"You don't get to say that to me. Not anymore, Forrest,\" \"You're the one who left me, remember?\" He deadpanned. I just stared at him in shock,\"Not by my choice,\" \"You didn't come back. That was by your choice now wasn't it,\" \"You didn't either,\" I sobbed. He just grunted and turned his head, looking away from me. And that is how Forrest Bondurant ends any conversation that makes him uncomfortable. He looks away from the person who is speaking to him. \"Oh, you could have a conversation with Maggie ,\" I sneered her name,\"but not your own wife,\" I say opening the door to leave. \"And here I thought we've been married for the past seven years,\" He said coldly. I shut the door behind me and squeezed my eyes shut. I let out a sigh and wiped away my tears. \"Miss. Ida, just the woman I was looking for,\" I opened my eyes to see the same slimy man in the nice suit that had threatened Forrest and beat had Jack, standing by my desk. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Please, let me know how you liked it by reviewing. Thank you![Chapter 4] I wanted to apologize for not updating in years. I have taken a few if not most of my stories over to Wattpad. My username is AndWrite. The Sun Shines Beight for You has been rewrked and The Lighthouse has been updated and has two chapters left till completion. I hope youre able to read them over there. Thank you. ","Summary":" So I just saw this movie and fell absolutely in love with Tom Hardy's character Forrest. Its going "},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"What's Changed Is You","Author":"Almondjoy90","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8604156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the brilliant characters or plot of Lawless and The Wettest County in the World . I just like to pick their brain for a bit. \"It's a funny thing comin' home. Looks the same, smells the same, feels the same. You realize what's changed is you.\" Elena thought of her late grandfather's words as she toyed with the large quilt on her bed. Her old room that she shared with her sister looked unaltered from before she left. The two beds were still parallel to each other; the sheets were crisp and white as if they had never been laid on. Her tattered boots that were now two sizes too small were lined up neatly in the corner. Everything was the same but completely different. She had grown up a lot in the six years that she had been gone. When she had left Franklin County she was a silly, naive and free-spirited child. Now, she was more aware, poised and mature. She left with her older sister, Lorraine, to New York when she was 14. They were sent to New York to help with her grandparents ailing health. Her whole family had wanted to move out at first but the costs were too high. Also, her dad operated a general store that his family had owned for generations. If they left they would leave their business and whole livelihood behind. It was decided that Elena and Lorraine would go and help. New York seemed so far away at the time. She had always considered herself an independent woman but she wasn't prepared for the city life. Elena remembered how she had clung to her sister's arm like a frightened little girl upon arrival. The city was so vast and the people were so loud. She and Lorraine tended to their Mother's parents together. Their grandfather was suffering from pneumonia and passed away 2 months after they got there. Her grandfather had owned a clothing factory so financially they never struggled. The two sisters stayed in New York to help their grandmother with her health and around the house. Their grandmother had always wanted them to be educated so she had them go off to a girl's school in the years they stayed there. They would go to school and come home and tend to the house. Lorraine was two years older than Elena and adjusted quickly to life in New York. Her sister had always been fiercely independent, talkative and bold. She was lady like but a bit of a spitfire. Elena was definitely not a meek person by nature. She could be quite feisty herself but she always appeared to be more reserved. However, she had quite a bark to her when it came to the people she loved. Both girls had always loved to learn so their studies were not difficult for them. Elena soaked up the information like a sponge. She immersed herself into learning about health and science, devouring the pages like a starved man. She prepared many of the medicines that would help with her grandmother's multiple ailments. Ironically enough, Lorraine was the one who ended up leaving first back to Franklin. After four years of living there, she had completed her education. She had aspirations to teach back in Franklin. Elena yearned so much to visit her family as well but she couldn't leave her grandmother behind, even for a week or two. Who would be the one to check her temperature, buy and prepare her food, or comfort her when she wheezed in the night? So she stayed behind. For two years she helped her grandmother and watched her grow weaker, until she passed away two weeks prior. For the past two years, her grandmother had been her only family. She thanked God that she no longer suffered but the pain of losing her was sometimes more than she could bear. She had finally been reunited with her whole family a week ago when her grandmother's funeral took place. Their reunion was bittersweet to say the least. Her parents and sister had all held her, weeping upon seeing her. Her dad looked the same except for more wrinkles around his blue eyes. Her mom was as pretty as ever but her dark brown hair had a few strands of silver. Elena hugged Lorraine, happily patting her belly and looking at her ring. She had missed her sister's wedding the year previous. She was now seven months pregnant with her first child. She had cried even harder when she saw her baby brother, Charlie. He was a cherubic, little toddler when she left. He was ten now and she couldn't believe how much he had grown. She had been so afraid that he wouldn't remember her but he had run up to her and held her so tight around the waist that she couldn't breathe. She had let out a sigh of relief and rumpled his hair as she hugged him back. He had followed her around for the past week like a puppy dog updating her on his life. Elena didn't mind at all. It was simply lovely. Her family helped her tie up a few loose ends while they were in New York. Her grandmother's belongings were packed, her finances secure and the rest would be handled by her uncle who lived in Maryland. Seeing her family had been lovely but overwhelming. She had missed so much and they all took turns filling each other in on their lives. They had always stayed in touch by writing each other over the years but seeing them in the flesh was amazing. Elena ran her hand warily over her face as she looked in the mirror. The past few weeks had taken quite a toll on her. She had light bags under her brown, almond-shaped eyes and her dark chestnut, shoulder-length wavy hair was coming out of its bun. Elena turned to her shelf and affectionately thumbed the spines of her old books that were still placed neatly on the shells. She smiled slightly, thinking of reading those books as a child in the warm summers with her good friends. Her best friends growing up were the Bondurant boys. Howard was the oldest, six years older than her. He was more of a protective brother since he was so much older than her at the time. Jack was the youngest, two years younger than her but he always tagged along. But there was only one brother who consumed all of her attention and his name was Forrest Bondurant. He was two years older than her but they had been attached by the hip since she was six years old. He was her companion her confidant, her everything before she left. Elena's family had given her a little alone time to unpack and gather her thoughts which was thankful for. Packing away the last six years of her life was both overpowering and exciting. She hadn't seen her family and friends in six years. What would Forrest think of her? Was he still, kind, strong and protective? Or had he changed? Perhaps he didn't even want to see her anymore. She thought of her first encounter with Forrest. She first ran into the three Bondurant boys when she was six and stumbled upon them fishing. She was always a wanderer and had a hard time staying still for too long. She had shyly watched them for awhile as she watched the boys fishing. Jack was just a little boy at the time so it was a surprise to see that he was already trying to fish. She noticed that Forrest was giving him tips while fixing the line. He explained everything in a calm, slow manner while Howard collected the worms. Howard noticed her watching and had beckoned for her to come forward, a puzzled expression etched on his face. \"Where's ya parents? A young gal shouldn't be out on ya own?\" He asked as she came forward, slowly. \"I live very close. I was wondering if you…could teach me.\" She had asked a bit nervously as the older boy regarded her. He just chuckled, shaking his head as his wild brown curls fell on his forehead. \"Well hell. Why not? Jack, let 'er use your pole?\" The youngest Bondurant turned to look at her and whined, sticking his lip out. \"But I just got mine. And she's a girl!\" Elena frowned and Forrest turned to her, eyeing her coolly, his expression neutral. \"Give her a chance, Jack. You 'ave plenty of time to try later,\" he said his eyes still calmly trained on her, Jack did not look happy but he handed the pole over, reluctantly. Elena looked at Forrest, silently thanking him with her eyes. Their silent communication would only continue over the years. It was interesting that he was only a little older than her but he seemed to command a lot of respect. Something in his gaze was mysterious and a bit intimidating. All three of them fished throughout the afternoon. Jack warmed up to her a bit as they took turns. Elena was clueless but she caught two fish and was very proud of her loot. Howard caught quite a bit but Forrest was the most successful by far. He stood patiently, as still as a stump. The fish seemed to come to him. By the end of the afternoon, they had caught over two dozen decent-sized fish. More than half were caught by Forrest. Howard divided half the fish and gave it to her, wrapped in brown paper and put it in a pail for her. Elena was surprised by this. Throughout the afternoon, she had noticed that the boys quarreled and were a bit rough with each other but they seemed like good people. \"We never gave ya a proper greeting anyway. So this is for your folks. Tell them the Bondurant brothers gave it to ya,\" Howard said and she thanked him as he patted her head. \"I've gotta get Jack home but Forrest will take ya. Just lead the way,\" Howard said as Jack waved at her happily. \"Come play again!\" Jack shouted. After the initial shock and disappointment of her taking the line they had bonded quite quickly. Elena waved back and watched them leave. She turned to look at Forrest as he was eying her slowly. \"Where do ya live?\" he asked curiously, putting his hat back on his light, golden blonde hair. \"Just up the road. You don't have to come if you don't want,\" she offered, wondering if the boy would be irritated by her. \"Naw, its fine.\" he shrugged and he motioned for her to lead the way. They traveled in a comfortable silence for about ten minutes until they reached her house. Elena turned to Forrest. \"I hope my momma and pa aren't mad. They hate when I leave for a long time,\" she whispered in a quiet voice in case they came out. Forrest shook his head. \"Just give 'em this fish. It might help.\" He suggested and Elena nodded. \"Thank you. I liked fishing with you guys. I have a sister but not many friends. Next time you guys can meet her and we can all be my friends,\" she babbled quickly, in the way that children do. \"Can we be friends Forrest?\" She asked, feeling a little silly but wanting to make sure that they would all play again. Usually boys didn't like playing with girls often and she was anxious for his answer. Forrest smiled for the first time around her the whole afternoon, his eyes twinkling. \"Sure thing Elena.\" Elena smiled back at him and waved, running to her house with her fish in tow. When she came in, she was scolded by her parents who were livid that their young daughter wandered off yet again. She felt ashamed for her actions but it was worth it because she made new friends. Her mind kept drifting back to Forrest and his cool, grey-blue eyes. The spicy bite of the pepper damn near burnt Forrest's nose as he picked it up. He decided to get it. The pepper would taste great in his potato soup. He put it in his basket along with a stick of butter, a chunk of cheese and a loaf of bread. With three men in the house, food disappeared quickly. Howard and Jack never cooked a day in their life so he was the one who did the shopping and cooking at the general store each week. He didn't really mind. Cooking was soothing, calmed him down. He was thinking about buying an onion or two when little Charlie Grey ran into the store. He eyed the boy, curiously. He was a hyper, active young boy. He held a soft spot for him, knowing him since he was born. He was surprised that he was back so soon. He knew the Grey's had traveled up to New York to bury a loved one. He grunted as the boy almost tripped over his shoes and Charlie looked up at him, his hazel eyes widening. \"Sorry about that Forrest. I didn't know you was there. My mom sent me to get more bread. We're having a celebration tonight.\" Forrest nodded. The Grey's had owned this general store for years so Charlie was always in collecting supplies for their family. He was a good kid, rambunctious but polite. For awhile, he was by himself with no siblings around. Forrest always made sure to watch out for him over the years. \"Heard about yer loss,\" he said nodding sympathetically and the little guy thanked him as they walked to the register. He was never too good with deaths and sympathy. He wondered why they were celebrating so soon after a death but Charlie beat him to the punch. \"Elena's back!\" He smiled, his eyes lighting up. Forrest almost dropped his basket at those words, catching him completely off guard. \"She just got here last evenin' when we came back off the train. We're celebrating that she's here. You should come.\" He said excitedly, not bothered by Forrest's silence. Forrest had a million questions. How long would she be back? Was it permanent? Did she miss Franklin? And even more pathetically, did she miss him? He quickly composed himself and maintained his cool exterior. \"That's good Charlie and thanks but I don't want to intrude on a family dinner,\" he said as he waited for the man at the front to total his purchases. Charlie vigorously shook his head no. \"You wouldn't. Ma and Pa say you guys are basically family anyways and ma said that you and Elena were the best o' friends. If my best friend was home again I would want to see them. You got to come.\" Forrest marveled at the boy's logical reasoning as he finished paying for his food. He had a point but a weird part of him was almost scared to see her. It was strange to know that someone he had known everything about for years was almost like a stranger to him now. What if she had changed? Surely, she wasn't the same Elena after being gone for 6 years. \"I'll stop by,\" he agreed and Charlie actually whooped. He looked up to Forrest in every possible way since he was a small toddler so he was always eager to see him. \"Dinner starts at six. You should bring Howard and Jack too. See you Forrest!\" He waved excitedly before leaving, ticking the bread under his arm. Forrest nodded at the clerk and took his bags, a feeling of excitement and nervousness bumbling in his stomach. He hadn't felt like this in awhile. His Elena was back and he had no idea what to say to her. Disclaimer: The opening line is from the film, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . I know there is quite a bit of background information but I wanted to introduce Elena. Please review. I am always eager to hear feedback. I'll try to update soon. -Almond[Chapter 2] \"Elena, wake up. We've got to get you ready,\" Lorraine said nudging her sister. Elena woke up groggily, her eyes cracked open to see her sister standing across from her. Her hands were on her hips and her big belly protruding. \"What time is it?\" She asked aloud. One minute she was folding her blouse and the next moment she was face down on her pillow. She really must have been tired. \"Almost five. You were knocked out flat for a while there, missy. The dinner is at six so we don't have much time to get ready.\" Elena shook her head. \"It's not fancy. I thought it was just a quiet dinner with the folks and a few neighbors, right? I'm sure a nice skirt will do.\" \"A couple of neighboring families are coming down. You know, the Williams, Hayworth's and Dean's from up the road. A few might just drop by. You know the deal,\" Lorraine said looking in Elena's closet for something to wear. Elena quirked her eyebrow and scoffed disapprovingly. \"And I was thinking I could possibly get away with putting on trousers,\" she said. Lorraine laughed, her blue eyes crinkling up on the sides. She looked so much like their father. She was tall and thin with delicate, slight curves and brown hair. The only thing big on her was her belly. Their mother was half Native American and all three kids had a light golden hue to their skin. \"Ma and Pa haven't seen you in six years. They just want to be nice. Plus, you will be meeting William tonight as well,\" Lorraine said, smiling happily as she thought of her husband. Elena nodded. \"I can't wait to meet the man who charmed my sister, married her and managed to have her carry his child in less than a year. Sounds impressive,\" she joked and Lorraine swatted her arm, giggling. \"Oh he is. And, you're next. Tonight you're going to look dashing. You forget that some of the boys in town grew into men when you left.\" Elena clicked her tongue. She was not particularly interested in the men in town. She took down her hair from its rollers. She was glad to see that it had grown out of its short bob and was now a little longer then her shoulders. She was amazed at how careful and meticulous she had become about her appearance since going to New York. Before going, she never really cared about her hair. She was lucky to always have thick hair that was not hard to to style. She used to grow it out long and just tie it loosely or wear it down. She had never been a slob but she was never particularly into clothing or fancy clothes. She used to wear trousers and baggy clothes because they were more practical when she played around with her friends. Moving to New York had been a lifestyle change because she was expected to act like a city girl. Her days of running around and scraping her elbows and knees were long gone. At the private school all of the girls wore skirts and nice blouses. Their hair and make-up was immaculate. Elena always dressed less fancy then the other girls but she did have to make many changes. The first few years she felt restricted, like she was wearing a stuffy costume. Lorraine looked through her closet and nodded her head approvingly at her wardrobe. \"You've became even more of the lady since I last saw you, Elena. Look at these clothes! I remember the days when you would practically cry when we put you in a dress.\" Elena laughed. \"Sometimes I still feel like crying,\" she admitted and she watched as Lorraine pulled out a white, lace frock. \"You should wear this tonight. It's very much you. Simple but elegant.\" she said as she held it up to Elena's form. Elena recognized the dress because it was a gift from her grandmother. She hadn't worn it yet and just looking at it made her feel unexpectedly emotional. She thanked her sister as she undressed in front of her and slipped the dress on. The sisters had shared a room for years so they were unconcerned about being improper. Lorraine buttons the back for her and she smiled at her. \"You look beautiful, Elena. Gram had great taste.\" she said and Elena nodded, looking herself over in the mirror. The dress was very simple but pretty. The soft fabric subtly drew the attention to her feminine curves. \"It's not too much, is it? I don't want to look improper,\" Elena asked. \"Definitely not.\" It's lovely. Besides, now that you are grown catching a man's attention can never be a bad thing,\" she said as she went to fix Elena's hair. \"Still the matchmaker,\" she teased her sister. \"Besides, I doubt there will be a man my age around tonight.\" She said, visualizing the older couples that would stop by. Lorraine responded. \"I don't know about that. I heard a certain trio of men might stop by. I know there's one man especially that you definitely want notice you.\" Elena looked at her sister, her eyes widening a bit. Of course she had thought, and maybe even hoped that Forrest and his brothers would come down but she had pushed it away. Lorraine smiled knowingly at her sister's facial expression. She knew how close Elena had been to Forrest and she knew her sister was devastated when they were separated. She liked the Bondurant brothers but she usually preferred to hang out more with girls her age. Elena was always more of the tomboy who always preferred playing outdoors with the boys. However, every time she was with them she noticed the bond between Forrest and her sister. Forrest had always been hard to understand. Even as a kid he rarely let his guard down or became close to others. Yet, with Elena he seemed to trust her completely. He was more carefree and less guarded. Every time she was around the tension and detachment that he had for others seemed to leave his body. He would smile and even joke around her. It was interesting to see. As they grew older, their connection seemed to be stronger than ever. They never acted on their feelings but their interest in each other grew. Lorraine noticed how Forrest would sometimes gaze at her sister and vice versa. It was quite cute to see their budding attraction. They were both a bit stubborn and clueless when it came to their feelings. Lorraine was curious to see who would crack first. Elena had dated a few men while she was away but she was never serious with any of them. Lorraine always felt that a part of Elena's heart was left with Forrest. She had always admired and enjoyed their delicate and sweet bond. She couldn't wait for him to see her tonight. \"Is he coming?\" Elena asked and Lorraine nodded. \"Charlie ran into him at the store and invited him. Ma and Pa had wanted them to come anyway. I think he's bringing Jack and Howard as well. Wait until you see them. You won't even recognize little Jack.\" she said thinking of how he was 18 now. Elena barely was listening and she felt her heart flutter, nervously. She wanted to see him badly but she wasn't expecting to see him so soon. She didn't know why she was over analyzing it but she didn't want him to think less of her. When she first left Franklin they had decided to write each other. Well, she had decided to write to him and he wrote back. It was a difficult adjustment going from seeing each other almost every day to not seeing each other at all. Elena missed him so much. They wrote to each other the first two years on and off. Forrest had never been good at talking a lot but he was quite sweet and poetic in his writing. Then all of the sudden the letters stopped. Elena was puzzled but she thought he had moved on or was sick of her. She wrote him a few more times a few more times but she never got a response. Finally, she stopped writing to him all together. It was heartbreaking and confusing not to hear from her best friend. She wondered what she had done wrong and she had cried a few times in her sleep. She knew they were miles apart but she thought he would remain in touch or at least tell her why he didn't want to talk to her. It was hard not to think about him but she knew life had to go forward. Elena snapped back to the present. Her sister had mentioned Forrest a few times in her writings but Elena tried not to dig much into his personal life. She was probably scared that Lorraine would tell her that he had met another girl or changed drastically. Lorraine finished fixing her curls so that they softly lay down on her shoulders. She picked up a burgundy-colored lip stick and applied it to her full lips. She smiled at her. \"Now, you look ready for a dinner party,\" she said admiring her handiwork. Elena thanked her and took in her appearance. She had to admit that she did look quite nice. \"Are you ready to schmooze with a bunch of ma and pa's friends? Talk about plowing and whiskey?\" Lorraine jested. Elena smiled. \"Glad to see some things never change,\" She said chuckling. \"Never! But sometimes reconnecting with old friends can be the best thing for you,\" Lorraine commented, tucking a wayward curl behind Elena's hair. Elena smoothed down her dress, thinking of the Bondurant's. She was certainly anxious and nervous to see Forrest. Six years had been a long time and she wondered what he thought of her. She needed to stop dwelling on it and find out. She smoothed down her dress and looked at her sister. \"I agree. I'm glad to be home,\" she smiled eager to see where the night would take her. Elena's parents had set up a dining area in the Living room and a smaller area in the kitchen. They had invited about 20 of their older friends and neighbors. During the dinner, Elena played the gracious host. She smiled and laughed with the guests as they asked her the same questions. They wondered where she had been, what she had learned and why she came back. Almost all of them were surprised to see that she was an adult now and that she had her own dreams and goals. About an hour and a half after entertaining, Elena was finally able to escape from the table. She marveled at the fact that everyone thought she was so mature and elegant now. It was all a facade. She was very much confused and lost about the future of her life. She had grown up but she often felt like she had never truly abandoned the scared little country girl from her past. Elena stepped out onto the front porch for breath of fresh air when she saw the headlights of a car approaching from across the lane. She recognized the car right away as the Bondurant's. The vehicle was still holding pretty nicely. The boys had always done a good job of taking care of their possessions. For a second, Elena thought of bolting in the house. She still had a little time to slink away and prepare her thoughts. However, her brain scolded herself for acting like a coward and her feet stayed firmly on the ground. She decided to sit on the old rocking chair outside and only seconds later she heard the car park and the doors to the car open. She forced herself to look ahead as she saw one of the figures come out of the car. \"I'm gonna go on ahead. I'll see you inside!\" the loud voice echoed and she heard footsteps approaching. She had no idea why she was psyching shelf out. She had known the Bondurant's forever. The first Bondurant to reach the porch was Jack. He looked the exact same except for he was a man now and not a boy. He was taller and no longer all gawky, and long-limped. He had muscle tone that surprised her. He squinted and looked at her. Upon recognition he beamed ran over to her as she stood up. \"Elena!\" He bellowed as he grabbed her around the waist and gave her a bear hug. She let out a low giggle as he swung her around. \"Hi Jack. You knocked the wind out of me.\" She said, smiling as he slowly put her down. He smiled down at her. She was glad to see that he was still a bit baby-faced, his large hazel eyes beaming. \"It's good to see you. It's been so long.\" He looked her up and down. \"And aren't you a pretty picture. Beautiful as ever.\" He said. \"I could say the same for you. All strong and tall now. You grew up on me, Jack.\" she said and his ears turned pink. \"Shucks, now you're making me blush.\" he joked and he took off his hat, revealing his brown hair that was now cut into a more adult like haircut. \"It's great to see you, Elena.\" he said happily and Elena smiled at him as she heard another shout to the left of her. \"My, my, the city's done you good, girl.\" She heard and saw Howard's looming frame appear. He had a big bottle of alcohol wrapped quite nicely in his hand. Elena wondered who had taken the time to wrap. The Bondurant's weren't known for their decorating. He came toward her and patted her head like he always did when she was younger and she clutched his big hand, prying it off her hair and hugging him. \"Nice to see you too Howard. I forgot how ridiculously tall you are but now that I'm grown I can't have you messing up my curls,\" she joked with him and he laughed heartily. \"Still cheeky, I see. And lil' Elena with curls? Thought I'd never see the day,\" Howard said noticing her dress and her well put together appearance. \"But you are definitely a lady now.\" he smirked wiggling his eyebrows, goofily. She smacked him, lightly laughing. \"She's always been a lady.\" She heard a gruff voice mutter and her ears recognized the voice right away. It was Forrest. She spotted him a few feet away. He was standing to the side with a platter in one hand and his hand in the other pocket. He started to walk towards her and it was like the world stopped. Everything was blurred as they stared at each other. Howard noticed the two staring at each other and he smiled slightly, chuckling to himself. His cool, level-headed and tough as nails brother was only like this when he was with her. He had come home today, casually muttering that Elena was back and that they should all go to dinner tonight. Howard was surprised by this because he hadn't seen her in years. He always liked Elena. She was sweet, fun, kind and her personality was infectious. But no one cared for her more than Forrest. Forrest used to look at her like the light was shining out of her ass. When she left it was hard for him. He never really talked about it but Howard knew he was thinking of her. He always got that spacey, sad, look in his eyes when they brought her up. Even today, he was ready before the others to go to the party. When Howard was driving he noticed that Forrest kept tapping his leg nervously. No one ever made Forrest anxious or shaken up. Only the pretty little brunette in front of him made Forrest feel that way. Howard looked at Jack and Jack shook his head, smiling at the two. \"We best be getting inside to say hi to your folks. See ya in a minute.\" He said to no one in particular as he and Howard headed inside. There was no response back, as expected. The two were so immersed in themselves that they weren't even paying attention. Elena decided not to ponder or over think it anymore. She closed the distance between them, hugging him and wrapping her arms around his neck. Forrest was a bit taken aback by this but he wrapped one arm around her tightly, the other arm was still holding the dish he was carrying. He felt her relax in his arms and she sighed into his chest. His heart skipped a bit when she put a hand to his cheek. Elena felt a mix of emotions bubble in her stomach and of the anxiety she was holding left as she cupped his cheek and looked at Forrest's face. He looked the same but much more rugged and muscular. When she left he was skinny and all limbs. Now he was like a stone, burly and strong. His face was still so handsome. She always thought Forrest the most beautiful man she had ever laid eyes on. She looked at the soft curve of his very full, pink lips but her eyes were drawn to his eyes. His blue-grey eyes always captivated her. He was usually so stoic but she could always read his eyes. They were so expressive. \"Hello Elena,\" he said quietly and she smiled at him softly. \"Hello Forrest.\" \"You're back.\" he said out loud, immediately scolding himself afterwards for stating the obvious. She just nodded and smiled. \"I am. I missed you so much.\" She said, staring into his eyes. He still had one arm wrapped around her and she felt Forrest's hand clench tighter on her waist. She looked at him. She knew Forrest and she knew he couldn't say that he missed her. Not now at least. But as she gazed into his eyes she could see that he missed her. They were filled with sadness and adoration. Forrest looked at her and took in every detail. She was always pretty but she had now grown into a woman. Her cheekbones were delicate and graceful. Thick black eyelashes framed her big, soft brown eyes. He gently fingered one of her curls that lay on her shoulder. Her hair was shorter than he remembered but it suited her well. Elena looked at him. She had a million questions to ask him. Why had he stopped writing? What was he up to now? Six years was a lot of time to catch up on but right now none of that mattered. She was content with creepily staring at him, afraid that he might be taken away. Forrest let go of her curl softly and cleared his throat. \"Better get this inside. Don't want it to get cold.\" he motioned to whatever dish layer in his hand. Elena nodded and pulled away from him and started to walk up the porch. Forrest, ever a gentleman opened the door for her. \"Elena,\" he said so softly that she barely heard him. She turned around and looked at him. \"It's good to have you back.\" He said with ease this time, his grey eyes staring directly at her. She smiled and thanked him. \"It's great to be back,\" she said truthfully. Elena could still feel the heat of his palm on her waist as they walked in together, both with identical shy smiles on their faces. It was great to be back, indeed. Thanks to all of my lovely reviewers and followers. I truly appreciate the feedback. It makes my day. Xo, Almond[Chapter 3] AN: Sorry for such the long delay between updates. Class and work is really keeping me super busy. Thank you Wolfihood, Grace, Fett012000, 26RH, countrystrong '89, IHeartJensen, JohnnyStormsGirl, Kat229 and LilliAnn Jackson for your lovely reviews. Your feedback and advice truly makes me elated and helps improve my writing. It was two days after Elena's welcome back dinner and she was tightening up the kitchen when she saw the big bottle of liquor on the table. \"Is this from the Bondurant's?\" Elena asked her mother who was preparing lunch for the family. Her mom, Susannah, nodded. \"It is. Your papa enjoys the moonshine that the boys sell. I don't understand how he can stomach it. It's quite awful but I guess it's more of an acquired taste,\" she said, her warm brown eyes crinkling. Elena nodded. Lorraine had filled her in about the bootlegging business that the Bondurant's ran. Apparently, they had just started it a year ago. Elena was not entirely shocked by this because the Bondurant brothers had never followed many rules. They made their own. However, she knew the bootlegging business was ruthless and she was a bit worried for them and their safety. Lorraine had told her that their parents didn't seem to mind that the boys ran a dangerous business. Her parents had never the type to judge. They were kind, hard-working and tough folks. They avoided looking down upon or discriminating against anyone. Both of her parent's families had worked hard to achieve their success. Her father was a devout believer in hard work and he valued the ambition that the Bondurant's possessed. Her father was a serious, quiet and hardy man. He had met and pursued her mother when he was twenty-one and she was eighteen. They had married shortly after that. At first, many people had looked down at her father for marrying a woman who was half Native-American; including her father's parents. However, he had always stuck to his guns. He was in love with her mother and he was a man of integrity. Elena always respected and admired her father for his determination and perseverance. He would protect and honor his family with every breath in his body. Her parents had been married for 24 years now. Elena opened the bottle and smelt the potent liquor. The fumes were harsh and stung her nose. \"It does smell awful but it was nice of them to bring it by.\" Susannah nodded, cutting up an onion for the cooking. \"It was definitely nice to see them. They are good boys, men actually. They always have been. Forrest and Jack always look out for Charlie. Their parents we're wonderful as well, so I'm not surprised.\" Susannah said. The Bondurant's parents had passed away from a flu epidemic ten years prior so the boys had to raise themselves from an early age. Howard was the sole provider of the family at age 16, left to raise his 12 and 8-year-old brother. Due to this, Forrest had always been like a little man. He was responsible, strong and calm. He had always been the calming influence on his brothers. Elena nodded, spacing out. \"They are good boys. I missed them when I was away.\" Susannah nodded, \"They missed you as well. You all were so close, especially with Forest. The first few years that boy was always itching to hear any scrap of news of you.\" Elena stopped sweeping the floor to look up at her mom. \"I missed him too, ma. He was my best friend.\" She said as she continued sweeping. Susannah looked up at her. \"I know you both have grown and changed but there's never any harm in regaining that friendship. I was happy to see both of you together the other night. I swear that boy was drinking you in the whole night,\" she said chuckling. This was news to Elena. She was usually pretty perceptive but she had not noticed this. \"He hardly came near me that night. He was always talking to someone else,\" she said, sounding to herself like a petulant child. \"His eyes said otherwise, my dear. He's never struck me as the type of man who likes to talk about his feelings but he definitely was aware of you the whole night. How could he not?\" She smiled at her daughter. \"Both of my daughters are so intelligent, spicy compassionate and beautiful. I'm so proud of you.\" Elena returned her mother's smile. It was so nice to hear that. \"I love you mama.\" She said, embracing her and appreciating the advice. She hadn't realized how much she missed and adored her mother and family until she arrived home. They were so supportive and caring. She had wanted to ask so many questions when she saw him two nights ago. They had eaten for most of the evening and the rest of the time she had spent talking to guests. She had spoken to Jack the longest. She was happy to see that he was still his cheerful and optimistic self. He still liked to joke and his naïveté was refreshing. She had talked to Howard a little bit as well but he talked to Lorraine for most of the night. She always thought that Howard had a soft spot for Lorraine. He always enjoyed teasing her and getting under her skin. Forrest spent most of the night chatting with her father and spending time with her little brother. Charlie followed him around everywhere and had been talking about the Bondurant boys nonstop. Apparently, they had taught him how to fish and to shoot tin cans. Elena was both extremely elated and a little somber about their interactions. She was glad that they were so caring and sweet to her brother. Another part of her was saddened and a bit envious that they had spent more time with her brother than she had. She had missed such a large chunk of his childhood. When Forrest wasn't speaking to her brother he was talking to her father. After dinner, they smoked cigars and sat on the porch. They had always gotten along well most likely due to their similarities. They were extremely faithful, calm and tough as nails. Elena was amused that half the time they were together they didn't talk. They just sat next to each other. A part of Elena's heart was warmed to see them still like this. Elena wanted to catch up with Forrest but she knew this was neither the time nor the place. She had so many questions for him but she knew that Forrest only ever opened up if they talked one on one. Elena remembered the last time she saw Forrest before she was about to leave. It was in the late afternoon, almost around twilight. It was the day before she was to board the train that would take her to New York. She was sitting cross legged, with her shoes kicked off. Elena knew that sitting like that was unladylike, especially for a girl of 14 but she didn't care. Forrest never judged or belittled her and she always felt free and herself around him. He sat next to her, still as a leaf as he watched the sun set. His face looked relaxed but Elena could tell he was anything but. His back was rigid and his eyes were thoughtful and pained. Elena remembered how handsome he looked that afternoon. She and Forrest had always been close but for the past six months or so she found herself being attracted to almost every aspect of him, it was an odd, unfamiliar feeling that she was embarrassed by and couldn't contain. She didn't understand it and she was worried that he didn't feel the same about her. However, she did often notice his lingering gaze on her when he thought she wasn't looking. His soft looks at her made her insides feel warm and wonderful. \"I'll write as much as I can.\" She finally said softly breaking the silence. He just nodded without looking at her, his eyes straight ahead. \"I'm going to really miss all of you.\" Elena tried again and he still didn't turn to her or acknowledge that she had spoken. Elena felt herself growing angry at his disinterest and coldness to her. \"Is this how we're going to spend our last afternoon? Pouting and not acknowledging that I'm not talking to you? Do you honestly think I want to leave Forrest? Do you want me to leave?\" She barked at him angrily. He finally turned to her and frowned deeply. \"O' course I don't.\" Elena looked upon him, angrily. \"Well, you sure act like you do. Sometimes, you're so infuriating. I'm trying to tell you that I'm going to miss all of you.\" She said fervently, her expression wild. Elena's foot began to bob nervously as she was about to make her confession. She lowered her voice. \"I want to spend time with you on my last day. I'm going to miss you, Forrest. More than anyone else in the world.\" She said, noticing his gaze softened. \"You can't even say it back. Do you even care?\" She asked quietly, doubting herself. She thought that Forrest cared for her but he seldom ever expressed himself. He looked taken aback and upset by her questions. \"You know I care, Elena. I always have and will.\" he cleared his throat before turning back to her. \"I'll miss you more than ya ever know.\" Forrest said and he looked at her with such conviction that her heart restricted inner chest. Elena's eyes watered up. She didn't want him to see her cry but she was so emotional about all of the changes that were happening to her. She wrapped her arms around him, and she felt him tense up in surprise. They had hugged before but she had never clung to him like this. She could practically feel the desperation rolling off of her but she didn't care. She felt Forrest slowly start to pat her back soothingly as her salty tears spilled onto his shoulder and chest. They sat like that for a while until Elena pulled away, slightly bashful as she wiped her eyes hastily. Forrest tilted her head up and wiped away the remaining wetness from underneath her eyes. She shivered at the intimacy of his actions. \"Do you think you'll come back?\" He asked tentatively, his eyes wide as he stared into her eyes. She hadn't seen him look soup sure and fragile since his parents had died. Elena nodded, her big, brown eyes locked at his. \"I will come back.\" She sniffed, \"I promise,\" she said her voice cracking. Forrest just nodded and Elena's heart started to pound loudly at how close his face was to hers. He still had her face cradled into his palms and his expression was hard to read. She had envisioned kissing Forrest a few times during the past. She was anxious to see what he would do. Forrest simply tucked a strand of hair behind her ears and pulled away from her as if he was uncertain about their close proximity. Elena looked down, feeling foolish about her silly desire for him to kiss her. Forrest muttered something under his breath, looking frustrated. He had been quiet and tense almost the whole day. Forrest was not one to express his emotions and he was usually always composed and in control. However, when the cool collectedness sloped from his grasp he became tense and closed off. He closed his tired eyes for a few seconds, running a hand over his smooth face. Elena felt bad for her friend. She had been selfish to think that she was the only one agitated about her leaving. She tentatively stretched out her hand and put it over his hand. Slowly, she felt his fingers squeeze and clasp her own. She was pleasantly surprised at how warm and strong her hand felt in his. He brought his hand up to his lips and he kissed her palm. Elena let out a breath she didn't realize she was holding in and she saw that his face had relaxed, his eyes twinkling a bit. \"Best be getting you home so your parents aren't worried.\" He said as he gently helped her up. Elena nodded, knowing that they would not want her to be out late the evening before she left. They walked the few minutes in silence, both of their minds preoccupied. Elena didn't even notice when they stopped next to the old, large tree that faced the side of her house. She sighed deeply, hating good-byes. She didn't know what to say and she rocked back on her heels, nervously. \"Forrest, I...\" she said but before she could finish she felt his full lips on hers. She jerked, startled but she soon marveled at how soft and cool his lips were as they pressed against hers. The kiss was chaste but sweet and he pulled away looking at her, the tips of his ears pink. Elena's hands we're shaking as she looked up at him from underneath her lashes, shyly. Forrest slowly reached out to her and clasped her trembling, small hands to his chest, she could feel his heartbeat. It was as quick and erratic as hers at the moment. \"Don't forget me.\" he said, his eyes almost pleading and she shook her head no, wondering why he would ever think that. \"Never.\" She said clearly as she looked into his eyes with fierce determination. And she never did. She thought about him all that night and on the way up to New York. Forrest was stubborn, grumpy, serious and tough. Yet, he was also loyal, kind, generous and compassionate. Even now, six years later it was difficult for her to focus without thinking of him. Forrest Bondurant was not a man that one could simply forget. You will see more of Forrest in the next chapter when they meet up again. This story will resemble both the film and the novel. However, it will relate more closely to the film. Please review and I will try to update in a more timely fashion. Until then, -Almond[Chapter 4] Thank you to my lovely reviewers for their sweet feedback. MissCivilization, 2009 and 26RH, you made my day! Also, thank you to all of the guests and followers who are reading. You all are truly amazing and I appreciate your feedback more than you know. Forrest was driving down the dusty road at dusk, heading to his favorite spot near the Blackwater River in Franklin County. The river was a special place for him because he used to fish and play with his brothers there. He also met Elena there for the first time. For Forrest, the river represented his childhood and his refuge. Whenever work, his family, or life in general had become too much he headed out there. The marsh was a fairly hidden secluded spot between the trees and the river that only he and Elena knew of or visited. He had first stumbled upon it when his parents had died from the flu when he was only ten. He had gone there a few times to clear his head. The spot between the trees was comfortable, beautiful and it was the best location to see the view of the river. He was young at the time of his parent's death but he had been forced to grow up due to the tragedy. Howard became the father figure of the group at 16. He was fierce, angry and protective of his brothers. Forrest had always felt like he was more of the mother figure after his parent's death. While Howard was working he learned to cook and clean for his brothers. It was hard at first because he was only a child himself but he realized he needed to do it. Howard was never the maternal type so he took over that role. He would cook, clean, even patch up and sew their clothing. He was always the unruffled one who helped relax his often hot-headed brothers. Yet, he was also the fierce protector for his brothers. If anyone dared challenge them he would take on the role as the dangerous mama bear that defends their young. Over the years, the townspeople had learned that no one messes with the Bondurant's, especially Forrest. If they did, they would most likely be beaten to a pulp or six foot under. He remembered the day his parents had passed. On the day of their funeral he hadn't cried. He couldn't bear to so he had stood silent and stoic. It wasn't until two years later that he had finally cracked, the pain finally coming to a boil. He was crushed from the weight of it all. He missed his parents so much and he was exhausted from being his family's constant provider and protector. He remembered running that day for miles until he stumbled upon his trusty spot by the river. He had collapsed on the wet ground, his heart pounding as he finally cried. He had laid there for a long time, crying himself to sleep, his clothes cold and damp from the soil. He was shivering and fatigued but he couldn't even bring himself to stand up and go home. It was in the middle of winter and he was numb and he honestly remembered not caring what happened to him. Apart of him wanted to just be alone in his sorrow. It was hours later and he had awoken with a warm blanket on him and arms carrying his freezing body out of the cold. He had warily opened his eyes and noticed that Mr. was carrying him to the car. He was too drained and sick to respond to Mr. kind actions but he was entirely grateful to him. The rest of the afternoon was a bit of a blur. He had woken up the next day in the hospital to hear that he had hypothermia. His brothers worried faces we're staring at him nervously as he awoke. When he had inquired to how Mr. had found him they had discovered him that said that Elena had found him the evening before. She had run to tell her father and he had come and drove him the 30 miles to the hospital. Forrest had felt very imprudent but appreciative of Elena and her Father's efforts to help him. Without them, the nurses said that he would surely have frozen to death. They had always looked out for his family. He remembered the countless times they had brought over food and supplies to help them out. He always felt like he was in debt to their family. He tried to repay the favor now always watching out for them and Little Charlie. Plus, he truly cared about their whole family. They were good people. Forrest had been walking a few minutes until he reached his destination, despite the fact that he had almost foolishly died there until he still came to that spot by the river to clear his head. He turned taken the familiar path until he stopped short when he noticed that someone else was already occupying his spot. It was Elena. He chuckled lightly at the chances of finding her here. Still, the spot was hers as well. They had spent countless hours here reading, talking or just staring into the sunset. She used to always bring different books for him to read and she would tell him about the countless stories and information that she had gained from her tutoring. Forrest had never been properly educated by teachers or tutors but he soaked up this knowledge. He was not just a simple country boy as many had perceived. He kept the books Elena gave him and he had read and explored many types of literature on his own. Everything he had learned was self-taught. He smiled to himself as he noticed that Elena was reading under the tree. \"Mind if I join ya?\" He asked as she looked up, startlingly. She was wearing a white shirt tucked into black trousers, her hair in a ponytail. She looked very much like her old self, as lovely as a summer day. \"Please do,\" she said smiling at him and scooting over so he had space to lean against the tree. Now that they were both adults, there was only enough space for them if they sat extremely close to each other. Forrest could feel her shoulder, leaned against his arm. He swallowed at their close proximity. Elena folded her hands in her lap after placing the book down. She was a bit startled up but extremely content that Forrest had found her. She had wanted to catch up with Forrest for a while but now that he was sitting there she felt more nervous than she should. He motioned to the book and she handed it over to him. \"It's A Tell of Two Cities by Charles Dickens. I have loads more. That is, if you want to read them or have the time to read.\" Elena said, staring at his expression as he thumbed the pages. \"I appreciate it. Did they teach you all about literature up there?\" He asked and she nodded turning to him. \"They did! Literature and history, mathematics and science. It's amazing how much information is out there. My favorite subject was science because we learned all about the human body and how the organs and cells function. There's so many ways to help heal and treat people.\" She said and her eyes seemed to be lighting up. Forrest knew that Elena had always been interested in health and healing others. He wondered if she still had aspirations to be a nurse. He just nodded. \"You thought of becoming a nurse here?\" He asked her, wondering if her intentions were to stay here or if she wanted to leave to another state. \"I have but the hospital is so far away. It's a burden to travel so far away if you're hurt. Half of the people lose so much blood or pass away upon arriving to the hospital. I wish we had a hospital or area closer to home. Maybe I can change that,\" she sighed looking out in the distance. Forrest admired her determination and passion. Elena had always been passionate and caring towards people. It was a trait he appreciated and understood. He was not the kindest fellow but he cared for his loved ones with all of his heart. \"I think you would be a great nurse.\" He said truthfully to her. He was not one to lie. Elena smiled sweetly at him and he spoke again. \"Did ya like living there?\" he asked her and she looked at him, swallowing before speaking. \"I liked learning and meeting new people can be nice as well. It was great seeing my grandparents but hard for me sometimes. It's hard to see them dying and knowing you can't do anything about it.\" She said answering carefully and honestly. Forrest could relate and sympathize with her. He knew how rough it could be. \"I'm sorry,\" he said simply, not really sure how to deal with grief. Elena's eyes seemed to be watering a bit as she took a shaky breath. \"Thank you and its better now. I think I just missed my family, missed your family.\" she said looking at him, her eyes kind and soft. \"How have you been, Forrest? I can't tell you how glad I am to see you.\" She said staring into his grey eyes and scooting closer to him as their legs accidentally hit against each other. Forrest felt a tingle run up his spine as their legs hit. He didn't know why this woman had such a hold on him. Over the years he had been with a few women, especially the ones Howard introduced him too. None of them made him feel nervous or excited as Elena did. \"It's been good. Just been working at the bar and transporting the liquor around town,\" he said. \"I heard that business is more than good. Jack tells me that you have more customers each day and I've even heard from my neighbors that you and your brothers have one of the most successful businesses in Franklin.\" \"Ha, that there is just talk. You know how people are.\" Forrest said, rubbing his neck, slightly embarrassed. He never was one to brag or relish in praise. Elena smiled at his humility. When he was younger the tips of his ears would turn pink from her compliments. Forrest was truly a good man but she felt as if he wasn't reminded enough. \"Well, I'm glad to see that you're successful. I always knew you would be,\" she said. Forrest smiled at her, ducking his head and Elena noticed that his ears did indeed turn pink at the tips. She smiled happily at this. \"I missed seeing your ears like this,\" she joked and noticed that he looked down, shyly. It was adorable. \"New York can be nice but I didn't meet many people I could truly rely on or tell everything.\" Elena said and she stroked Forrest's cheek, her hand grazing over the slight stubble. Forrest looked at her understanding her pain. He really did adore Elena even though he was unsure what to say to her sometimes. He wanted them to be comfortable and at ease with each other. Yet, they had both changed so much over the years. There was so much he wanted to know about her. \"Same here.\" he said and she moved closer to him, their thighs pressed tightly against each other. A part of him wanted to back away at their closeness but his heart told him to stay put. He had waited so long to see and be in the prescience of this woman, why should he push her away? \"You didn't meet anyone? Another girl who you could talk to, or be with?\" Elena asked, mentally scolding herself for prying. She was curious. Forrest was so attractive, kind and selfless. Surely, many girls would fancy him. Forrest just shook his head. \"I did. But none really mattered.\" he said simply. Elena let out a relieved breath that she didn't realize she was holding in. \"What about you? Don't ya have a ring from a rich city boy?\"Forrest teased, looking at her. She knew that this was his way of wondering if she had fallen in love with anyone in New York. She definitely had dated and had a few boyfriends but she never gave her heart fully to them. Still, she was a little angry that he never returned her letters. She decided to tease him a bit. \"Unfortunately, I do have a ring,\" Elena said, looking at his expression. His brow furrowed and he looked serious and a bit hurt, his forehead wrinkled. \"From my grandparents. But I do not have a city boy now. Nor, do I have interest in one.\" She said and she noticed that the tension seemed to leave most of his body. Forrest was extremely pleased to hear this. He would be happy for her if she met someone she loved and who treated her well. Still, a part of him would feel crushed. Elena only deserved the best and whoever was with her should treat her like the queen she was. \"Ya did date there, though? A girl like you can't be single for long,\" he said. \"I did. But I kept thinking of the boy I left at home,\" Elena said as she slowly put her hand on top of Forrest's, giving it a squeeze. Forrest eyes warmed up instantly and he squeezed her hand back. They sat in comfortable silence, their hands linked together. Elena looked at Forrest from the corner of her eye. His face looked calm and beautiful, his eyes shut so that only his long, light brown eyelashes were shown. She hadn't seen Forrest in so long and now that she was with him she wanted to take in every detail. He had always been hardened but he wasn't the same naive boy she had left. She wanted to see him laugh and smile more like he used to. She felt herself grow a little bit agitated as the seconds went by. She didn't understand why she felt such a pull to a man so difficult and hard to read. He seemed so pleased to see her yet he had stopped writing to her altogether. She didn't understand why he had stopped and it made her feel indignant and unwanted. She pulled her hand slowly out of his and his eyes opened at the loss of contact. \"Why did you stop writing?\" She asked, needing to know, Forrest just stared at her, his eyes looking a bit guilty and conflicted. \"You just stopped altogether. I had no contact with you at all after the first two years. I wanted to know how you were doing. We were best friends.\" she looked at Forrest but didn't stop talking. She needed to get this aggression and irritation off her chest. \"I just don't understand. I've thought about this for years. Did I do something wrong to make you want to stop speaking to me?\" Forrest turned to her, hating to see that he caused the agony and uncertainty that was clearly shown in her eyes. \"It wasn't like that.\" he said, shaking his head. She would never understand how torn apart he was when she left. He thought he would be able to move on and live his life but he was surprised how he felt. He never realized how much he relied on her for everything until she was gone. He loved his brothers fiercely more than anyone but Elena was his crutch. He never talked about issued or emotions with his brothers. It seemed weak and bothersome. Yet, with Elena it came more freely. She had always comforted and supported him. They leaned on each other for help and guidance. He had also seen her at least once a week since he was eight years old. The first few weeks without her were the hardest. Elena wrote to him every month for the first two years. He would act like receiving her mail was just a casual thing but he would wait until everyone was asleep before he eagerly devoured her letters. He read every letter from top to bottom, sometimes several times before he wrote her back. He was never the best with words but he found that it was easier to write his feelings. He wrote her back for the first two years. Not much had happened to him or his family besides the small tussles and arguments from the townspeople. He had been apathetic to almost everything. He was still tough, easygoing and courteous but he felt like he was going through the motions. He worked, cooked, looked out for his brothers, ate, read and went to bed. Soon, all the days seemed to run together. But Elena's letters were a different story. He knew that watching and caring for her grandparents must have weighed heavily on her but she seemed so happy and positive from her letters. She was always an intelligent girl but a higher education seemed to make her bloom. She was so eloquent and graceful in her writing. She seemed to thrive in New York and her stories about the people and the setting both enthralled and confused him. Forrest had never really thought of leaving Franklin County. He was usually always content in staying in one place. Nonetheless, hearing about some of her stories made him wonder what it would be like to go out to just visit or to see the city. Most importantly, he just wanted to see her. He had saved enough money over the two years to take a train to visit. He knew that visiting her might seem indecent to her grandparents so he had even set aside some of the money to stay in a hotel. He was even going to write to tell her of his plans so she wouldn't be blind sighted by him visiting. Two months before he was prepared to leave, Jack had wound up in the hospital due to the flu. Forrest and Howard had waited anxiously at his bedside to see if he would get better. Jack eventually was able to receive treatment and regain his strength but all together he was in the hospital for over a month. The hospital bills were hefty and this was before they had gotten in the moonshine business and made a large amount of money. Forrest had known that the medical bills would be a huge financial burden on Howard. Howard was never the best at saving money but Forrest was. He had paid the bills and only had a few dollars of his New York money left. Forrest never told his brothers about his plans for visiting Elena. He didn't want them to feel guilty. Still, a part of him was saddened about the missed opportunity. He realized that he no longer had a chance of visiting. Shortly after Jack's flu, Howard had encouraged Forrest to get out more often and to start dating more girls. He had only been on three dates with females since Elena left. Howard told him that he needed to stop wallowing in pity and move on. Forrest was a bit irritated at Howard's constant advice at first and they even got into a heavy argument. This was a rarity between the two of them. In the end, Forrest had gone to bed angry and frustrated but he realized Howard was right. For the past two years he had merely existed instead of living. Elena had sent him one more letter that week. In the letter she was writing about some of the new people she had met. She had a friend named Anne and a new friend named George that she sometimes spent time with. When Forrest read that Elena had befriended another man he had grown unexpectedly jealous. He had never been an envious man who wished for assets or items that he didn't possess. However, he felt himself becoming unreasonably annoyed at this George fellow and he had never even met him. Forrest realized that he had no claim over Elena and that he shouldn't react in a negative way. Yet, he was sometimes an irrational man who jumped to conclusions. He figured that she had moved on. She was an intelligent, charming, pretty, and funny woman. What man wouldn't value or want her? He realized that maybe he should move on too. That night he wrote a letter to her that explained his true feelings for her. It was short and sweet but to the point. He had sealed and stamped the letter but at the last minute he had decided not to even send it. The next day he decided to take up Howard's advice and start dating again. He had courted a few women in the two years that Elena was gone but he never seemed to connect well with any of them. Most of them were into gossiping, dresses and dancing. They were nice girls but he didn't feel anything when he was with them. For the next six months he received six letters from Elena. He had stubbornly stowed them away without opening them. It was better to keep them out of mind and out of sight. He thought that both of them would end up less hurt and be able to move on. After the sixth letter with no reply she stopped writing all together. Forrest felt ashamed and distressed that it had come to this but he thought it was necessary. In his mind, he figured that she wouldn't come back. She would fall in love and marry a rich and fast-living guy who would charm her and sweep her off her feet. He immersed himself into work and family matters, occasionally dating. He was able to live pretty comfortably and he was slowly becoming more of his old self. He still missed Elena but he was able to not think about her as often. And then, she had come back two weeks ago, turning his life upside down. He was just now getting over her and she was back in his life again. Now, he was just left to pick up the scattered pieces and memories. He understood that she was confused and angry but he was too exhausted to explain. So much had happened. \"What was it?\" She asked, breaking him out of his thinking. \"You don't understand. Ya wouldn't,\" Forrest said, clutching his hat. Elena frowned at this, growing more upset as their conversation went on. She always had to pry information from Forrest. He could never just tell her what he was feeling. \"Of course I wouldn't understand. I never understand anything, right? If someone would actually just tell me what happened for once I wouldn't be so out of the damn loop!\" She exclaimed. \"No need to shout,\" Forrest said, noticing that Elena's face was scrunched up in frustration. This only made Elena angrier. How could he be so calm about this? She scooted away from him. \"I'm angry Forrest because I don't understand you. You just stopped writing all together. Do you know how much that hurt? To see that my best friend had decided to stop talking to me. I thought you had cared about me but guess I was wrong.\" she said, feeling like the foolish 14-year-old girl again who always doubted herself around him. Forrest actually looked angry by this statement. How could she think that? Was she so selfish that she didn't realize that he was torn up as well? \"Don't ya ever say that I didn't care. You have no idea how I felt or what it was like.\" he said, his eyes eerily steely and cool. . Elena noticed that Forrest was getting agitated by her, which rarely happened but she had about enough at this point. \"You know, I don't and I guess I'll never know because you only let me in when it is convenient to you.\" Forrest shook his head, frustrated as well. He knew she had a valid point but he disliked that she never saw it from his point of view. He couldn't tell her all of what would happen. She would probably still be angry at him. He had thought that he had buried all of his emotions that involved her years ago. Now, she was just slowly picking at all of his insecurities and it hurt worse than extracting bits of glass from the flesh. Elena looked at him, her eyes beginning to water on their own accord. The silence was deafening as they looked at each other. She cursed herself when the first few tears leaked out. \"I can't do this right now, Forrest. All of this second guessing makes me feel crazy.\" Elena said standing up. Forrest's heart felt heavy as he saw her wipe her tears hastily, he couldn't stand to see her cry and he felt terrible for making her do so. \"I have to go. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon. When you're actually willing to open up you know where I am.\" She said, as her voice cracked, turning on her heel, walking quickly out of the marsh. She wanted to run so badly but she didn't want him to see how weak and pathetic she was over him. When she was a minute or so away from him, her tears started pouring. She just wished that he could understand what she felt for him. His detachment and miscommunication hurt her more then he knew. Forrest didn't go after her even though he truly wanted to. He knew she needed her space even though he felt terrible. A part of him really wanted to just man up and tell her how he felt. He was sick of feeling confused, anguished and sick about her. Forrest slumped over, his head in his hands. He pondered how truly alone and lonely he felt at the moment. Elena was angry and crying over him and he was still wallowing over his pride and ego. He put on his hat and slowly got up to head to his car, lighting a cigar that was in his pocket. As he walked forlornly to his car, he realized that maybe the person who needed to change and be honest was simply him.[Chapter 5] Forrest was wiping down the counter in front of the bar when he heard Jack and Cricket walking in noisily, the door slamming, nosily behind them. Cricket Pate was Jack's good friend from childhood. The two had been best friends for years. Cricket was a thin, blonde boy of eighteen who was slightly crippled. He limped a little but he had a heart of gold. Forrest never told him but he was quite fond of the boy. He was a genuine, honest person. \"Mind that door, will ya?\" He said, frowning at both of the boys as they barged in. \"Sorry Forrest.\" Cricket said and Jack threw a sack of potatoes on the counter. \"Got the potatoes you wanted for dinner Forrest.\" Jack said. Forrest nodded in approval as Jack grabbed two cups and filled them up with the pitcher of water that was on the counter. He put them down quickly, the water sloshing on the counter Forrest had just wiped down. Jack was always in a rush, talking and moving quickly. Forrest figured it was because he was the youngest and was always trying to prove himself or move up in the ranks. The runt of the litter always seems to squeal the most. \"We saw Elena up at the store. She's working there for now, savin' up until she can buy a car. Says she goin' to try to be a nurse,\" Jack said as he handed the remaining cup to Cricket. \"Funny seeing her again. She sure is pretty. Classy looking, that gal. I thought she was the type to already be married.\" Cricket said, wiping his sweaty brow. Jack laughed. \"Naw, not Elena. You know there's only one man that she's serious about. And he's sitting right here.\" He said, punching Forrest's shoulder playfully. \"I don't know about that.\" Forrest grumbled, rubbing his stubble that had grown in over the past week. Jack frowned. \"How come you two ain't been talking too much anymore? I thought ya'll would have been tickled to see each other.\" Cricket nodded. \"She seemed awfully upset when we mentioned ya.\" he said before gulping nervously at the look Forrest shot him. Forrest felt uncomfortable discussing the topic with his kid brother and his friend. He knew he had screwed up and he had been wondering how Elena had been feeling the whole week. He knew she would still be irritated at him and he didn't blame her. He had been the idiot who was too stubborn too face her. He knew it was his fault but he couldn't help feeling a bit grouchy and annoyed for no good reason. \"I think maybe you should go talk to her.\" Jack stated after he finished gulping down some of his water, the droplets dripping down his chin. Forrest already knew this. He nodded in agreement and took out his cigar. \"I'm gonna have a smoke. Watch the bar for me and get your damn boots off the counter.\" He said smirking, swatting Jack's feet off the counter. Jack laughed. \"Remember to talk to her, Forrest.\" He called and Forrest waved him off before opening the door. He was going to visit Elena tonight. He just hoped she didn't bite his head off. Forrest parked a few hundred yards away from Elena's house. He didn't want to wake up her family with the sound of his engine. He stepped outside of the car and began the short stroll to her house that he made countless times before. Forrest reached Elena's window and rapped on it five times. Three times fast and twice softly. They had come up with that as a signal years ago. He hoped she would still remember it. He waited less than a minute before he saw the window open slightly and Elena peeked out, bewildered. \"Forrest, what are you doing here? It's almost midnight.\" She whispered, quietly, her eyes squinting at him. \"I know but I just needed to talk to you.\" He said, softly, his eyes almost pleading with her. He hoped she would listen to him and not be too angry. A part of him knew he should have caved and spoke to her earlier. She definitely deserved an explanation. Elena sighed softly but she lowered herself, climbing out the window. She felt like she did years ago, sneaking out to go on adventures with the Bondurant boys. She was surprised to see Forrest out there and she couldn't help to feel hopeful despite her annoyance towards him. She looked at Forrest. His hair was disheveled and wild on his head, as if he had been pulling on it and he had on pants and a heavy jacket. He motioned for her to follow him. She knew he wanted to walk and she was aware that Forrest always liked clearing his head when he was frustrated. They began to walk down the path, near the outskirts of the trees. They walked for a minute in silence and Elena tugged her nightgown closer to her for warmth. Forrest noticed her discomfort and he quickly pulled off his jacket, putting it over her shoulders. She protested but he would have none of it. The Bondurant's were ruthless and tough as steel but they were all well-mannered and chivalrous towards women. Their parents had taught them well. The large coat was spacious and warm and it smelt of tobacco, sandalwood and mint leaves. It smelt like Forrest's delicious, comforting scent. The smell was soothing to her and she wanted to breathe it in heavily. Elena looked at Forrest; he was wearing a light, white cotton button down. The material of the shirt was so thin that she could clearly see the muscles and definition in his back, arms, and shoulders. She knew that he had bulked up tremendously since they were teens but she was impressed to see how strong and powerful he truly was. \"Won't you be cold?\" she asked and he shook his head and pulled the jacket tighter around her. \"I'm been thinkin' about last week a lot. Haven't got much sleep because of it.\" Forrest admitted after another minute or so. Elena could see the slight bags under his eyes. She hadn't slept well either. She kept replaying their last meeting in her head. She had wanted to speak to Forrest and see where he was coming from but she stayed away. She was always the one to buckle and come to him first. She was tired of doing the work and taking the lead. She wanted him to feel something and apologize first for a change. \"Neither have I,\" Elena admitted wistfully. Forrest nodded. \"I hate fighting with you. Always have. I never want to hurt ya\" he said, his eyes focused on hers, looking a softer shade of blue in the twilight. He sighed. \"You think I stopped writing because I stopped caring for ya but that's the furthest thing from the truth.\" Forrest said and there was silence as Elena waited for him to continue. \"I had to stop thinking of you, Elena. I didn't think you we're comin' back.\" Forrest admitted and Elena was surprised by this revelation. She didn't realize that Forrest was as saddened by her departure as she was. He kept everything bottled up. She felt the need to defend herself. \"I promised I would come back. I wouldn't abandon you. Forrest, you were my best friend, my favorite person in the world. We were as close as two people could be.\" She admitted. \"That was the problem. I relied on ya so much. I didn't know what to do without you.\" Forrest stopped walking and turned towards her and Elena could see the hurt and deep sadness in his eyes. \"When you left things were different, I was different. I thought that if I stopped writing everything would get better. I could...move on.\" He paused and chuckled lightly to himself. \"It's stupid but it made sense at the time. But I realized you're a hard gal to forget.\" Elena was silent for a while, taking it all in. Forrest's confession meant a lot to her. He had opened up more than she would have ever thought. All this time, she thought that she was the person who cared for Forrest too hard. She didn't realize that he valued her just as high. A part of her felt both relieved and troubled to hear that he had felt lost without her. Elena looked up at him through her lashes and Forrest thought she was the prettiest vision he had ever seen. Her wavy hair was messy and windblown from being outside. Her eyes were dark and as gorgeous as ever and her nose was a bit red from the cold. It wasn't just her outward beauty that appealed to him. He had seen and enjoyed plenty of pretty women's company. It was her curiosity, intelligence, strength and compassion that had always attracted him to her. Seeing her again was still strange to him. He wanted to take in every feature, mannerism and detail about her. He expected and hoped that she still thought the same about him. \"I felt the same, Forrest. Being out there without my parents and brother was terrifying. I am so grateful to have had my sister's support but it was hard.\" Elena let out a deep breath and looked at her hands. \"I felt so alone sometimes and I wanted to talk to someone about my grandparent's. I think it was just a shock. I was always a girlwho had her head in the clouds but there I was expected to grow up very quickly there.\" Forrest clicked his tongue. \"I don't know about ya having your head in the clouds. You were always more mature than us. Who else was going to keep us in check?\" He said and he smirked at her. Elena laughed, \"Very true.\" The only sound between them was the wind blowing against the trees in the still of the night. Forrest hadn't told her the extent of why he stopped writing but he figured that story would come up later. He didn't want to guilt trip her or make her feel bad. \"I was angry but I can understand why you stopped writing. It was difficult not to think of you as well.\" Elena sighed and bit her lip. \"Erasing six years of memories is definitely harder than I imagined.\" She chuckled sadly and Forrest nodded in agreement. \"I've been having this internal battle with myself since coming home. Where do we go from here?\" Elena asked feeling utterly confused. She wanted to remain friends and she knew that Forrest was the only man for her but she didn't know how to go about it. \"I say we just go and don't over think it. We've got time to figure it out.\" Forrest said truthfully and he hesitantly put his arm around Elena's shoulder and she shivered from the contact. He had done this many times before when they were younger but he didn't want to appear too forward. \"I like that,\" Elena said smiling at him for the first time that night. Forrest felt an immense weight and pressure leave his chest. He was relieved that she didn't seem to be angry towards him and she was hopeful for their future. Elena leaned into his arm, enjoying the warmth and strength he provided. She sighed against his chest as they began to walk back to his car. Forrest enjoyed the feeling of her warmth pressed against his side. The weather was a bit breezy but he didn't mind. He was just happy to have his girl back after all of these years. She was a few inches shorter than him and he had the intense urge to kiss the top of her messy head but he restrained himself They reached the car and Forrest unlocked the car door for her. She slid inside noting that he kept the same car. It was an old buggy that he had inherited from his parents. It still looked good as new even though it was extremely old. Forrest always took good care of his possessions and Elena found it charming that he kept his parents car instead of buying a new vehicle. Jack and even Howard had buckled down and bought new cars with their generous bootlegging money but Forrest was sensible. He saw no need in buying extravagances for no reason. He was a man of simple pleasures. His hat, cigars and gun were comforting enough for him. \"I'm so glad you kept this car,\" Elena said, smiling and Forrest nodded. \"She's my old favorite. Been driving her for a while now.\" He said, having a soft spot for the car. It was passed down to him from his parents. It reminded him of them and the few possessions from them he held dearly in his heart. \"I remember when you drove it to pick me up when you were 14. I think it was the first time you drove. We were so young but you wanted to show me that you knew how to drive. You were so small then that you could barely see over the steering wheel.\" Elena giggled, laughing at him. Forrest shook his head at the memory, chuckling. He remembered that day all too well. He was too young to drive but he had illegally took the car out to show off for Elena. He was planning on driving around and showing her the town. It was nonromantic at the point but he did want to boast and show off his skills. He hadn't hit his growth spurt yet, so he looked like a little pipsqueak behind the wheel. He had managed to drive well and pick Elena up until one of the tires snagged on a sharp rock. The tire popped five minutes from his house and Forrest had to walk the three miles home and back to grab the spare. The whole time Elena had to wait patiently in the car. \"That was a bit of a stupid disaster.\" Forrest remarked. Thankfully they hadn't gotten caught or seen by their families. He was sure that Elena's father would kill him if he knew he was driving his daughter around as a child with no license. He was usually the rational, sensible one out of his brothers but Elena had always been his weakness. His brain became all cloudy and muddled around her. He was sometimes reckless and foolish when he was younger when it came to trying to please or impress her. \"I was just glad that no one saw us. I still to this day don't know how to drive. In New York it was always too crowded to drive and unpractical,\" Elena said. \"I'll show you one day. We'll go to an open field so you can drive real slow. Can't have you crashing into a tree.\" He joked and Elena hit his arm, laughing. \"Oh shush. There are a lot of miles on this car. Do you take it when you're bootlegging?\" She asked and Forrest nodded but he told her that they usually used Jack or Howard's car. She asked him about the bootlegging business. He told her the basics. How, they became involved with it a few years back after Howard had heard of the booming business up north. He told her that he and Howard usually ran the business but now Jack and Cricket wanted to become more involved. He didn't seem too happy about their involvement but he knew that he didn't have much of a choice in the manner. Jack and Cricket were not as cynical or weary as Howard and Forrest. They still had a certain optimism and outlook on life that was refreshing to see. Forrest hated thinking of corrupting them. They talked throughout the night and early morning about everything and nothing at all. Forrest told Elena about funny stories about his brothers and their run-ins at the bar with pesky drunks. Elena listened and laughed at how he recalled the event. Forrest was always able to be hilariously comedic without noticing it. Elena told him about New York and the architecture and monuments there. Forrest was impressed by all of this. He enjoyed how she described everything but he decided not to tell her yet about wanting to visit her there. He didn't want her to feel bad or have pity on him. Especially about misfortunes that were out of everyone's hands. As the night went on, Elena found herself becoming even more enthralled with Forrest. The hole that was missing in her heart when he was gone was easily being filled by his presence tonight. She hadn't realized how much she had truly valued and missed her friend until she was actually able to reconnect with him. She gazed at his face as he chuckled at a voice impersonation she was performing. She was acting like one of her stern, former teacher's in New York. She always enjoyes to see him laugh. She felt proud, knowing that she was one of the few people who saw him laugh blissfully without trying to be guarded and tough. She was worried that he might have outgrown her immature antics but he seemed to still appreciate her strange sense of humor. She relished in seeing the light crinkle around his cobalt-colored eyes and the way he would smile widely. Forrest had delightfully crooked teeth that she found so endearing. She adored all of his flaws. Forrest realized that he had truly missed Elena's sense of humor. She was one of the funniest people he knew. She had the ability to make almost any circumstance light and relaxing. Forrest was pretty serious most of the time but he always knew he could joke with Elena and let his guard down. She was like the sun. She radiated happiness and it was almost impossible to not feel warm around her. Elena grabbed his hand, her slender fingers tightened around him, squeezing. \"I've missed this so much. Everything about you Forrest.\" She said, staring into his eyes. \"I know I keep saying it but it's good to be back.\" Forrest nodded. \"I missed you too. So much.\" He finally admitted and he looked down a bit embarrassed by admitting how weak he was without her. Elena hated to see that he was hurt but she was relieved that he cared for her as well. She smiled kindly at him and she stroked his face with her small, gentle hands. She felt herself grow bolder as she stared at his full lips. Her fingers softly traced over his top lip, marveling in how soft and lush they were. She wondered how a man as powerful and manly as Forrest was graced with such a beautiful mouth. Forrest felt a pleasant shiver run down his spine as her thumb swept across his bottom lip. Elena felt her stomach coil pleasantly as he kissed the pad of her thumb as it brushed the center of his lips. She exhaled softly, not realizing that she had been holding her breath. Their relationship was an interesting development. They were both treading softly, neither pushing the other one too far, afraid that they might be overstepping their boundaries. Elena was tired of second-guessing herself. She had thought about Forrest for too long when she was in New York, wishing he could be there with her as both a friend and a partner. Forrest was the type to doubt himself or back away if he thought she was not interested. She wanted him to know how she felt about him. Currently, she wanted to show him with her actions and not just with words. She put one hand on his chest as she leaned forward, looking at his lips. Before he had a chance to react she placed her lips over his, kissing him fully for the first time. This time Forrest was pleasantly surprised. He was stiff for a split second, his eyes still open until he instantly melted into her touch. One of his large palms rested on her waist as he pulled her closer. He mentally scolded himself for not kissing her first. He had thought of kissing her again for ages. Their seating position was awkward in his car but he wasn't worried about that. He was just pleased to have her back in his arms. He softly ran his tongue against her lips and she parted her mouth to let his tongue in. Elena sighed against his mouth as their tongues touched. She moved closer into their embrace, as he deepened the kiss, their tongues dancing in a sensual rhythm. She felt Forrest grip her hips as he lightly pulled her into his lap. Forrest felt his head go dizzy, spinning as he kissed her soft lips and tasted her sweet, wonderful mouth. His mind told him repeatedly to stop the action but he was struggling releasing his hold on her. He realized that he should probably slow down but he had waited for six years to kiss her again. He didn't want to waste another minute of his time analyzing their relationship. Over thinking and pretending to do what he thought was best had gotten him into more trouble than he could possibly count. Elena finally broke the kiss for air, and she stared down at Forrest, her eyelids heavy with desire and appreciation. Her hands were cradling the back of his head, her fingers trapped in the short locks of his light brown hair. Forrest hands remained steady on her hips, wishing his bulky coat was not in the way. His eyes focused on the graceful dip of her neck and he kissed her there softly, his mouth exhaling on her skin as she massaged his scalp tenderly. He wanted to stay locked in her embrace forever but he knew he ought to do what's right and walk her home. He pulled back from her and Elena seemed to understand. She kissed his nose softly before getting off of him. They began to walk back to her house and Elena smiled shyly when she felt his fingers reach out and hold hers. His palm felt calloused and large in her smaller grip. It was perfect and her heart beat wildly at his actions. She felt giddy with joy at the night's events. She peered at him through the corner of his eye and she noticed that he looked calm and happy as well. Forrest stopped in front of her house by her window that was still cracked slightly open. He turned to her and motioned to the window. \"Do you need a boost?\" He asked, smirking. He used to offer her a boost when she was younger and she would always turn him down. She would stubbornly try to climb up and fall several times before admitting defeat. It wasn't until she was eleven when she mastered getting up her own. Elena wrinkled her nose. \"Oh, I think I can manage.\" She giggled and she smiled at him, beautifully. Forrest couldn't help himself as he leaned in, kissing her softly once more. She reluctantly let go of his hand and she pulled back the window, dizzily climbing in from her elation. She managing to climb inside but she was unsteady and clumsy at her approach. Her foot banged against the edge, nosily. Forrest had the good sense and manners not to poke fun of her at the moment. Elena cracked open the window and stared down at him. \"Oh, I still have your jacket,\" she said reaching to take it off. \"Keep it.\" Forrest said. \"It'll give me an excuse to see you again.\" Elena laughed. \"Oh, you better. I really want to see you soon.\" She smiled down upon him. \"Have a good night, or morning.\" Forrest nodded. \"You bet. Night, Elena. Sorry for keeping you up.\" He said, noticing how early in the morning it was. She shook her head. \"I wouldn't have it any other way.\" She said truthfully and she waved good bye, blowing him a kiss before shutting her window. Forrest watched her retreat and smiled to himself before heading to his car. He was the happiest he had been in a long time, their kiss still lingered on his lips. Despite, the early hour of the morning, he hummed the whole drive home. Thank you so much readers and so sorry for the delay. Class and work have been extremely busy on me lately. I plan to send a personal message to all of my lovely reviewers. You all are wonderful! Thanks again! -Almond ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of the brilliant characters or plot of Lawless and The Wettest County "},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Lilli and Darkness - A Creature of Light, But with a Darkened Soul","Author":"0nceup0nafanfic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11884831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just a quick one shot story which I have yet to continue, following the bases of the original story this is an off shoot, a kind of what if scenario between Lilli and Darkness. Lilli awoke dazed and confused, her eyes struggling to focus on her surrounds that were evidently blurry and dimly lit, making her feel dizzy. Panicked by this feeling she tried frantically to get to her feet, alas every attempt was a failure, she was too weak and exhausted to move her body stubbornly longing to rest. Lilli collapsed against a cold hard wall, her head bowed and her back arched over she didn't have the strength to sit upright. What seemed just moments ago she tried to remember, recalling anything of the past events that had put her here. Her head pounded and ached, wincing in pain she lifted her arm to reach the spot from which the pain was seemingly coming from. As she felt her head, she panicked when she felt a sticky warm residue touch her fingers. Quickly examining her hand she noticed ruby dark blood, her own blood, alarmed by this she began tearing up the remaining rags of her dress, in hopes of collecting enough material to wrap around her head to stop the bleeding. A few minutes later and the pounding finally started to resign; she began to recollect what had happened before. She had been battling against the Lord of Darkness with Jack by her side, and with the help of the forest dwarfs they attempted to save the last remaining unicorn a symbol of purity and light, this was something Darkness was eager to snuff out. All Lilli could remember were the cries of the unicorn as she bravely fought to free it from its chains, Jack too had battled valiantly. The fight against Darkness was nearly won as Jack used Darkness's only known weakness against him, the power of light from the rising sun; he was moments away from banishing him for good. Lilli desperately struggled to cut the final chain that remained tethered to the unicorn before it was free; her sword was becoming blunt merely denting the metal with each mighty hit she could muster. Darkness, feeling the end nearing looked across at Lilli, he couldn't let them win he didn't want to die especially at the merciful hands of light magic. A force awoken in him, and somehow despite his wounds and burns as the light hit his fiery red skin, causing it to scorch as if it were being targeted through a magnify glass, he leaped across the cavern toward Lilli and the unicorn. Before she could break the remaining fragments of chain Darkness forcefully struck her aside, sending her crashing against one of the many marble pillars supporting the cavern walls, the impact instantly knocking her out. This was all Lilli could recall, she didn't know if Jack had conquered the Darkness, or if the unicorn survived, however given her current situation as her eyes slowly started to focus and adjust to her confusing surrounds, a known all to well potent foul smell was filling her nostrils with each breath she inhaled, making her choke a little, as if black sludge was trying to suffocate her lungs. It all started to become clear; peering across to her feet she noticed that her ankles had been bound with cuffs and chains, as she scanned her eyes all around a sudden sense of horror filled her body…..she was still in Darkness's lair and was being held prisoner. ","Summary":" Just a quick one shot story which I have yet to continue, following the bases of the original story"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"darkness chair","Author":"Fae Dishon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12536690","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer I own nothing. Except the concept of using the chair. \"Eat!\" called out the large red satyr standing at the end of the ling table. \"I'm not hungry.\" said the girl calmly placing the large goblet of dark liquid back on the table. In truth she was, she had been about to take a drink until he had spoken. He sudden urge to do exactly the opposite of what he wanted rushing in her veins like her life blood. \"You lie hmm hmm hmm, Just to please me.\" he said with a chuckle in his voice, he smiled showing her his fangs and walked slowly around her chair. It did not frighten her. \"I do nothing for your pleasure\" she backed away and stood beside the table. he whirled to face her. \"all I wish is for you to sit.\" He paused leaned against the table and canted his head to the side, \"And talk with me.\" \"Sit?\" she asked a small measure of confusion creeping into her voice despite her best efforts to keep it even. she looked at the large black ornate chair standing beside her, \"Here?\" the chair was black and glittering like her dress, it had clawed feet and the arms looked like arms, it had a shell with spikes, her curiosity roared to life inside her. \"Yes,\" he said looking at her. There was a shine to his eyes, he knew something. Something she didn't, \" Please ,\" An unmistakable purr entered his voice, almost as if he were begging her. She tamped down her curiosity fast, \"I prefer to stand.\" She said. \"SIT!\" He roared lightning flashing behind him. She straitened and involuntarily stepped backward. He took a breath and seemed to calm himself, \"or, stand. As you wish.\" He smiled at her again. His head tilted to the side, she wondered if the massive horns on his head caused him to be off balance, or if he was intending that head tilt. Maybe intending it to look as charming as it did. She banished the thought from her mind focusing on the game. He spoke again looking at her with such unwavering focus, \"It is enough that we are, alone, together\" He stepped on one of his massive hooves moving closer as he spoke, \"Just the two of us.\" She resisted the urge to move as he approached not daring to look anywhere but his eyes. he stopped a few feet focus broke into a smile, \"Some, um, simple. conversation\" his tone was light but there was an unmistakable weight to each word. She thought of her long talks with the boy, the ease and lightness, the joy. Her eyes filled with tears that didn't spill over onto her face but rather into her voice, \"I've nothing to talk about.\" she took a breath but that just made the urge to cry worse, \"you've stolen my dreams away.\" His eyes met hers and a note of compassion was to be see in his yellow orbs, small as it was, \"all things change lady\" came his soft and gentle reply. Her skin want cold with a shiver her green eyes locked unmoving on the yellow ones above her. his mouth worked for a moment like he wanted to say something, then he did, something her father had told her many times. On days when she begged and pleaded to leave the castle and go visit knell or him, her wild boy. she looked at the floor, at the hem of her magnificent black gown, Her bridal gown he had said. \"The dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity.\" something in the last word he spoke felt hopeful. He took a breath looking away from her for a moment, \"Dreams, are my specialty.\" He looked at her, Her eyes flicked back up to his for a moment, \"Through dreams I influence mankind.\" she thought on his words, wondering if he had ever crept into her dreams, a shudder raced up her spine at the thought of him in her dreams. \"My dream\" He said his eyes glued to her. to the deep v of her dress to her black hair, black lips, \"Is of eternity. With you.\" He turned to face her completely his face filled with a genuine pleading, 'Do you not understand what I offer you' the thought rang inside his head begging to be said, \"I offer you this rose,Princess.\" the words caught in his throat as he continued so overcome was he with love for this fragile mortal child, \"My heart. My Soul. My love\" he finished, his emotions overtaking him. \"Love?\" she asked not even trying to hide the curiosity in her voice, His love. Did this man this thing love her, did she love him back? No impossible and yet, she felt something stirring. \"Once I was content with solitude, Until that moment..\" He trailed off looking into space, \" I felt your vived presence enter my domain, like the most blissful wind in a dark night,\" He snapped out of it. \"It's getting late, please come sit,\"He said \"I crave your thoughts. Share them with me?\" he gestured once more to the chair. She moved to inspect the chair more closely. It glittered black as she approached it the hands on the arms tighten, and the seat rose a bit. She looked into the back and saw a face, his breathing behind her became more labored with every step she took. she heard it and then she knew exactly what it was. the reason for that knowing look on his face earlier. She turned to face him, \"Sit?\" she asked once more. \"Yes\" \"Nothing more than that?\" He grinned, \"And talk with me.\" she locked her eyes with him and traced a finger over the arm of the chair behind her. his eyes widened. She slowly lowered herself onto the chair the one that was linked to the body of the massive man in front of her. The look on his face was part victory part bliss. She watched him hold himself up on the table. \"So what type of simple conversation do you wish to have?\" \"Hmm?\" He muttered closing his eyes and covering his face with his hand for a moment. She reached up behind her and placed her palm against the cheek of the face on the back of the chair her other hand covered the armrest of the hand that was the one on his face, she traced tiny patterns on the back of it letting her fingers slide between those on the chair, the entire chair tensed around her like all his muscles were taut. \"Is something wrong My Lord? Are you Ill?\" \"No Princess I just-\" He cut off as she re adjusted herself on the chair putting her long pale legs over one arm and her back against the other, she leaned against the back and splayed her fingers against it. She wiggled a bit against the seat. \"you did ask me to sit dear Lord of darkness.\" she said softly leaning up so that the whispered words floated into the ears of the face on the chair. He didn't respond only droped to his knees. \"Oh but this chair is comfortable, I would have sat sooner if i knew how nice it was, she twisted again so that her back was to the back of the seat her arms rested on the arms her fingers twining with the hands on the arms of the chair, \"My what nice furniture you have My Lord.\" \"you... I...\" his words came out in fits and bursts over his sporadic breathing, the child had no idea what she was doing to him. he felt like she was in his arms against his chest he could feel her heart beat smell her hair and feel the warmth of her on his lap, 'oh father save me' he thought as she twisted and turned and moved on him. He had wanted her from the start the ache in his sol for her and to have her want him. He had technically won this battle but she was winning the war. He managed to crawl over to her, he sat on his knees and planted his hands on ether side of her legs on the chair. His body could never feel his own touch transmitted through so he didnt feel his own hands on his legs just her. \"Princess, you don't know... what you are doing to me.\" he said his voice low and hoarse. \"Don't I?\" The girl asked she took her hands of the chair and placed them directly on his shoulders. \"I think I do My Lord.\" she muttered. the contact was a dozen times more effective than her hands on that chair, she was actually tpuching him her fingers played small circles over his shoulders and upper back. Suddenly a loud neighing rang up from the dungeons where the unicorn was being held, She got a truly demented look on her face and leaned forward. \" I hear a throat begging to be cut.\" she whispered in his ear. he blinked at the sudden but favorable change in her, \"Are you so... anxious to see blood flow?\" he asked around the fog of bliss in his mind. \"As you are to drink It.\" She stated without hesitation or a waver in her voice, grant your bride one with on this night.\" He looked into her eyes suddenly alight with joy, \"You have but to ask my Queen.\" and he meant every word of it she could have his whole kingdom if it meant she was his for all eternity. \"I will stay with you as you wish and dream and ask, but on one condition.\" She said sweetly. \"Anything.\" He responded, gazing at his princess with all the love he held. She looked back at him, her father her wild boy and all good things forgotten her brown eyes turned red. \"After we have wed my lord, I want to kill the unicorn.\"She said simply. He smiled at her, he pulled the ring from a pocket in his robe. the ring he had fetched himself only an hour before she had come into his chamber. the ring she had said she would marry whomever found it and brought it to her. He had fulfilled her suitors challenge. She looked at it the gold and navy had been forgotten in the torment of the day, she smiled remembering her words to the wild boy only that morning, \"I'm a princess. It's my right to set a challenge for my suitors. I will marry...whomever finds this ring.\" \"Will you be my queen lady, and drain the blood of the mare, and rule all darkness forever and be eternally mine?\" he asked offering it to her. She looked at it held between his thumb and index finger. She took it from him. \" I-\" she couldn't speak instead she slipped the ring onto the third finger of her left hand. then she leaned down and kissed him. He scooped her up in his arms and striated swirling her around but never breaking the kiss. when they did break she beamed at him, \"Come My queen\" He said to her. \" lets go kill a unicorn.\" and he carried her from the room as a bride and groom should be. ","Summary":" disclaimer I own nothing. Except the concept of using the chair. \"Eat!\" called out the large red "},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"How Cody Met Chicken Joe","Author":"Animation Universe 2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6598749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just thought I might do a new Surf's Up fic and this time, this is pretty much different. It's a Cody/Joe fic, and this time...they're INTERVIEWED! Hope ya'll likey! How Cody Knew Chicken Joe by: Terrell James PRODUCERS: Okay, ready? CODY: (sits down on the chair, clearing his throat) So, what am I doing? INTERVIEWER: We're just gonna ask you a few questions about how you met Chicken Joe. CODY: (Excited): That's great, man! INTERVIEWER #2: Is that cool? CODY: Yeah, man. It's totally fine with me. INTERVIEWER #1: So, tell us, Cody. How can you describe Joe? CODY: How can I not describe him? He's awesome, man. He's definitely the epitome of being what a cool friend he really is. You know, there aren't many other species in Shiverpool. Most of us are rockhoppers, as you can tell. INTERVIEWER #2: How'd you guys meet? CODY (exhaled sharply): Where do I start? Well, it's kind of a funny story, really. After I got turned down from Mike Abromowitz, I wasn't gonna let that get in the way of my opportunity to leave behind Shiverpool, so I followed the whale with my ice-board. I was gonna go around the entire ocean to follow that whale in order to get to Pen Gu. When I finally got on the whale's tail, someone offered to give me a lift, but it failed, cause it swiped me back to the ocean. So, I swam the freakin' thing trying to get through this whale, man. When I finally got in, I almost slipped and fell back and I held onto someone's surfboard and lifted me up there. When I saw Joe for the first time, he wasn't the same species I was, but he saved me, so it really didn't matter. After I introduced myself to him, we got to talking and both of us had the same things in common-surfing and also getting used to people saying stuff about you. And we became friends since then. INTERVIEWER #2: How is he different than the other penguins on the whale? CODY: Honestly, I've never seeen a chicken before, so I was surprised to see that it actually does exist. As far as difference goes, I'm not really sure, because we have at least one same feature: a beak. The main difference-his legs, feet, waddle-whatever that means-his tail, and feathers. One thing I got is that he tells me he eats corn. I kinda learned pretty quickly about it the second during our ride to Pen Gu. INTERVIEWER #1: Does he ever make you laugh? CODY (chuckles): Dude, when does he not? I can't even think of a day when he doesn't make me laugh. I guess everyday, because this guy is just so funny. There was like one time after we were on Pen Gu, he showed me a painting of a heart on his butt. I swear, it was pretty hysterical. That just made me realize that I needed someone like Joe-like I wanna laugh, I wanna have fun. He could put a smile on your face when you're down and he's always the one to light up your day. And not long after that, he had on this coconut thing on his head, two small coconuts on his chest and a grass skirt. It was weird, but kinda funny. Around Shiverpool, I'm not around people like that, but when I'm here with Joe, it becomes different in an instant. INTERVIEWER #2: Do you guys ever fight? CODY (shrugs): Um...not really. I'm not even sure if we have. I mean, there are several disagreements, but Joe has this go with the flow thing. He never gets mad at anything and pretty much lets everything go. INTERVIEWER #1: Okay, so there were several times where you defended him. And have you ever defended Joe before? CODY: I actually have. Tank and I had this huge fight after hearing that Big Z's a zero and Joe tried to break it up, but he pushed him down. I felt like it was the straw that broke the camel's back, because he's my first friend and I felt like I had to defend him. The second time-we were in the Surfing Competition and Tank tried to cut Joe off and at that point, I asked myself, 'Is this trophy worth losing a friend', so I decided to save Joe instead and cut Tank off and when I did, Joe went forward and I ended up on the jagged side of the rocks. Big Z came over and saved me in the end. Besides, if it wasn't for Joe, I wouldn't even be here. He saved my life, I saved his, so we don't owe each other anything. I think our friendship is enough. INTERVIEWER #2: And since then, you guys have become friends? CODY: Yeah. We're friends for life. INTERVIEWER #1: Has Joe tried to hook up you up on a date? CODY (blushed for a sec, then covered his face and chuckled nervously): Next question, please. INTERVIEWER #2: And after the surfing competition, what all you and Joe did? CODY: We do everything together. We surf, hang out, but mostly surf. Like I think that's all we do. INTERVIEWER #1: Last question-You guys would still be friends when you guys grow older? CODY: Of course we would. He's like my best friend, man. I would do anything for him. He's been cool from Day 1 and I'm sure in the future, we will still be friends until the very end. And I appreciate him a lot for being in my life. Well, next to Big Z. No one can replace Chicken Joe and I'm sure in no time, we'll still be the most awesomest surfer friends ever. Like no matter what, we'll always be here for each other because we make an awesome duo team. As long as we're on this earth, nothing will tear our friendship apart. This was Cody's point of view about Chicken Joe. Next chapter..we'll have Joe's view of Cody![Chapter 2] Now we'll have Joe's point of view about Cody Maverick. Chapter 2: Joe's Interview PRODUCERS: Morning, Joe. How's it going? CHICKEN JOE: (walking around, looking cool and sitting down on the chair): Pretty good, dude. So what am I doing? PRODUCER: Well, we're here to give you some questions about Cody Maverick. JOE (smiling): Well, what can I say? Cody's a cool dude. PRODUCER: Uh...okay then. INTERVIEWERS #1 and #2 come in the beach and both sit down. INTERVIEWER #1: First question-how did you meet Cody? JOE: Dude, I was in this whale, right? All of a sudden, I see a penguin trying to chase this whale and I saw the dude surfing up a storm. When he got on the whale's tail, I offered my surfboard to reach out to him, but the whale swiped him back to the water. I saw him jump up and down on the river and I was thinking, 'Wow, this guy is good.' When he got to the whale and almost slipped, I offered my board and he caught it and I pulled him up there. It was slick, dude. Like, with an awesome move like that, how can he not be in the same row with us. So, he introduced me to him and we became fast friends. INTERVIEWER #2: Is Cody fun to be around with? JOE: Most definitely. Like, he's pretty cool. INTERVIEWER #1: That moment when you saw Cody wipe out-what was your reaction? JOE: I was hoping he didn't die. Like if I saw blood coming out of Cody, it would scare the crap out of me. So, I was kinda hoping that I can find him, so I went through the jungle in every part of it. INTERVIEWER #2: And what made you want to find him? JOE: We have a lot in common. We like to surf and both of us never had a father. So, that's kinda of how we connected a lot. INTERVIEWER #1: Were you scared? JOE: Scared? Nah, man. The jungle's pretty cool, once you get to set foot in it. INTERVIEWER #2: I see you brought in the Pen Guans. JOE: Yep. We had a little party, in which they put me in a hot tub. I just felt like I can relax first, have a little food or whatever and then find Cody. And when I came across them again, I offered them my squid on a stick. INTERVIEWER #1: And did you end up finding Cody? JOE: Yeah, man. When all of the Pen Guans charged on someone who set foot on the trap, they immediately want to eat him. But it turned out that that was Cody. Once we found each other, I told him that I saved him on the whale and that I won't lose him now. They let him go, by the way. INTERVIEWER #2: And did you guys end up in the contest? JOE: Yep, we did. When I saw Cody's move, I was immediately happy for him. He finally didn't wipe out and I felt like Cody's gonna win this. And when we were in the finals, it was like so easy. On the last wave, we both surfed until Tank came in and like tried to cut us off. Cody saved me as I was waiting for him, but he never actually made it. INTERVIEWER #1: What were your thoughts when you didn't see him come out of the water again? JOE: (sighs): Dude, I was scared. I had no idea where he was and some thought he was dead already. I thought that I would never see him again...until I saw Big Z come out of nowhere. I thought he was dead, but he was alive the entire time. And when I saw Cody come in, I knew he was still alive. Not only that, he got Lani. I think the two make a radical couple. INTERVIEWER #2: And how did you react when you won the entire competition? JOE: Don't really know. INTERVIEWER #1: Since then, have you guys did anything together? JOE: Surf. We always like to joke around and mostly just have some fun. INTERVIEWER #2: Are you guys still cool? JOE: Of course. We're always cool. We're always gonna be cool. As long as we're friends, everything's cool. PEN GUANS: (cheering) JOE: They agree too. INTERVIEWER #1: I think this Pen Guan just peed on my leg. And to wrap it up...both Joe and Cody are gonna be interviewed...together![Chapter 3] And here it is! Cody and Joe...INTERVIEWED TOGETHER! Chapter 3: Joe and Cody Interviewed PRODUCERS: So, we're gonna bring Cody in. Is that okay with you? JOE (excited): Yeah, man! It's cool with me! PEN GUANS: (cheering) Cody enters in and sees Joe sitting there. CODY MAVERICK: Hey, man. What's up? JOE: Great, man. Both doing their fancy handshake and then, Cody sits down next to Joe. INTERVIEWER #1: So, we interviewed you guys both and I want you guys to tell us, what was it like being in the Surfing Competition, from your perspective. CODY (clears his throat, exhales deeply): How can I describe it? Um...it was definitely one of the most experiences, if not my only experience I ever had in my life. And it certain helped me to have my dream realized. If I wasn't do this, I'd still be in Shiverpool, sorting out fish. JOE: You sort out fish? CODY: Used to. JOE: That's cool, man. CODY: Not when you come back to an igloo smeeling like day-old trout. INTERVIEWER #2: How about you, Joe? JOE: The contest was radical. I mean, it was so cool just to surfing in front of everyone. INTERVIEWER #2: Was was the reaction you got when you guys were in the finals? JOE: Honestly, it was so cool, that it was pretty much easy. It was just me, Cody and Tank. CODY: Never really expected to be in the finals, but some of Z's training really paid off bigger than anything. INTERVIEWER #1: Cody, I understand you were ticked when you saw Tank pushed Joe. What did you feel when that happened? CODY (chuckled softly): Like I wanted to start a fight with him. He was much bigger, but I could've taken him on any day, because Tank's just a jerk. Plus, I felt like I had to defend my friend. I mean, everyone needs a friend to look out for, right? INTERVIEWER #2: Spoken like a true friend. CODY: Thanks, man. INTERVIEWER #1: So, how did you guys experience Pen Gu Island? JOE: The place is so radical. I would live there, though I would come back to Sheboygan for a little holiday. But other than that, surfing-it never gets dull, dude. CODY: It was something I never even saw before. I mean I knew Big Z was there, but to actually go there in person-it was like finding a place where I have to spend the rest of my life in. JOE: Me too. INTERVIEWER #2: Sounds like you guys are really close. BOTH: We are. JOE: Cody's my best bud. CODY: Joe's also my best bud as well. And we stick together all the time. Whatever he needs or if he has someone to talk to, I'm there. INTERVIEWER #1: So, you got used to Joe's little entourage-the Pen Guans. How did that work for you? CODY: Dude, it was so weird. One minute I was walking to the forest and the next, my foot was yanked by some unknown trap and I saw those guys coming for me, like I was gonna be killed until Joe saw me there. After the conrest, it took me a while to get used to them, but I guess if they know that I'm friends with the king, they grow to be attached to you. So, it's kinda cool with me. INTERVIEWER #2: So, this is one question that we want to ask. Pen Gu has told me that you and Lani are...officially a couple. Any truth to it? CODY (chuckles nervously, then clears his throat): Uh...we're just good friends, thank you very much. JOE: Codes, I saw you guys kissing last night in the water under the moonlight. CODY: How'd you find out, man? JOE: Me and the Pen Guans saw you guys there while we were playing hide-and-seek and I had a feeling you guys were a couple. Trust me, I could feel it in my nuggets. CODY (rolls his eyes, sighed nervously): How long were you standing there? JOE: A good 45 minutes. CODY: We've only been in the water for like an hour, man. INTERVIEWER #1: Did you guys kiss? CODY: Yeah... JOE: I knew it! You guys are boyfriend and girlfriend! (laughs) CODY: Next question, please. INTERVIEWER #2 (Clears throat): So, how often do you guys hang out? JOE: Everyday, man. We hang out almost every day. There was even one time where Cody used the hot tub and he definitely felt relaxed. CODY: I've never seen anything like that before. We don't have those kinds of things at Shiverpool. JOE: You should check out Lake Michigan. It's really cool. CODY: Where's that? JOE: When we get there, I'll show you where I live, because I live near Sheboygan. CODY (confused): She-who-gan? JOE: Sheboygan. Little town in Wisconsin. CODY: Wisconsin? That's where you're from? JOE: Yep. CODY: Cool, man. Then after that, I might show you Shiverpool. INTERVIEWER #2: Do you guys get homesick easily? Like you miss your home and such? CODY: I get homesick most times. but being in Pen Gu really makes me feel like I'm home. JOE: Plenty homesick, but I'm cool with where I am now. INTERVIEWER #1: So, Joe told us that both of you guys never knew your fathers. Is that true? CODY: Very true. JOE: That's right. CODY: I tend not to mention a few things about my dad, because I was too young to even remember. JOE: Same here. INTERVIEWER #2: Last question-Will you guys still be friends in the future even if you don't know each other anymore? CODY: Are you kidding me? Of course I would. I've known this guy for a long time and you don't find many friends like that in Shiverpool. Up until Joe came into my life, I was...kinda lonely. The only companion I had was my ice surfboard. Since Joe became my friend, it's kinda like we both have the same dream, even though we come from different worlds. Even though he's my first friend outside of my species, it seems as though I've known him for a long time. There's nothing that this world can do to break up this team. We're like brothers. JOE: Honestly, it was the first time I've seen a penguin before. I mean, I've seen little plush penguin toys around Sheboygan, but to see a real one-that's beyond radical. Even if he was another stranger in the wahle with awesome surfing skills, I'd still be friends with him. Who wouldn't be friends with the awesome Cody Maverick himself? I know I would. We're friends for life, dude. CODY: For life, man. Both did their signature handshake. PRODUCER: Okay, I think that wraps it up. Thank you guys for answering our questions. CODY: Anytime. JOE: Let's catch some waves, Code. CODY: Right behind ya! So, tell me I still have that Surf's Up fanfiction magic! I'll post another 'Surf's Up' story in the future, so laterz! ","Summary":" Just thought I might do a new Surf's Up fic and this time, this is pretty much different. It's a Co"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Devil Went Down to Croix","Author":"Rhuen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9880842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not much has changed in these last three years, well except now when Ethan wakes up he can expect not two but four women fighting over him and invading the kitchen. Thankfully he no longer lives in that same small house he did before but now in a fairly large property by the side of a lake with his own fields. He still can't believe it as he looks out the window, just three years ago he was starting out as an adventurer, in such a short time his party has over thrown a corrupt Baron, fend off a secret society, fought along side legendary beings, and become famous adventurers with more high class jobs available to them then they know what to do with. He puts on his gear as he goes down stairs, there met by a virtual harem, Janet is ready in her red witch outfit, Rebecca in her blue witch outfit, they haven't changed styles since their adventures began, back then it would just be the three of them, but now Dreia the green skinned Dryad Elf girl is waiting and so is Haru the Wolf-Girl, her ears perked up to match her cute face as she waits at the bottom of the stairs like a puppy waiting for her master. \"Shameless,\" says Dreia as she sips her morning green tea. Haru sticks out her tongue. \"We ready?\" asks Ethan. \"Not until you eat something,\" scolds Janet, \"I didn't slave over a hot stove this morning for you to skip breakfast.\" He looks at the table, instant pastries, a new food for adventurers that cooks its self. \"Of course,\" says Ethan as he sits at the table, Haru grabbing up a seat next to him, her tail wagging. Dreia glances over as she sips her tea again. After breakfast the group is heading down the road, Haru waving by enthusiastically to the servants working the fields that morning. A little ways down the road they meet Zanaz and Andria, truthfully they too have a large property not far from Ethan's home, both houses awarded to them by the Empire, and they suspect put close together so they can easily meet up for jobs, which both teams are often sent together on thanks to reputation preceding them in the senate and elite families as a duo team. As they meet up Andria hugs onto Zanaz's arm and eyes Ethan. Ethan *sighs* all these years and she is still like that. He remembers a few years ago Andria actually saying to him, \"You have this whole harem of girls, you are not adding my pretty boy to it.\" \"All these years,\" thinks Ethan, \"and she still buys into that stupid rumor.\" \"Lets be off,\" says Zanaz in his usual steady voice, \"the Magistrate should not be left waiting.\" -A week earlier- Deep beneath the earth in a massive dark forgotten cavern adorned with giant statues of tentacle faced horrors a rift appears in space, a red glow emanating from the crack in the darkness. The large figure of a devil emerges, his red skin glistening in the red light, his massive black horns racking the darkness. \"Sweet darkness,\" says the devil as torches illuminate the area when he speaks despite his words praising darkness. He takes a deep *sniff* and lets an orgasmic *sigh* \"Mmmm, such delicious evil fills this place.\" The sound of scurrying draws his attention as swarms of red skinned goblins come out of the darkness around him. He smiles, the glint of evil in his eyes. -Now- \"That is how it has been,\" says the chubby mayor of this small town in the outskirts of Tracia Kingdom where the magistrate sent them, the ones who hired them for this job, Ethan and Zanaz alone in the office with him, \"for the last week every night goblins have been attacking the farmlands, small houses, they are even wearing armor and using swords and arrows. We've never seen anything like it.\" That scene plays in their heads as they head for the dark tunnel, behind them a trail of dead or nearly so goblins and scattered weapons, some burnt, some slashed, some entangled in vines or else smashed through trees and stone; all a clear sign of an intense battle that the goblins were ill prepared for from their harassment of villagers. As they travel further down they find the darkness quickly gives way to magically lit torches. Goblins swarm up the stairs. Zanaz and Ethan nod to the group. Andria pulls from her bag a vile and tosses it at the foot by the snarling weapon brandishing goblins. A purple mist explodes from it. \"Psionic Pulse!\" yells out Rebecca the blue witch, sending forth the attack from the blue orb of her cane. The pulse knocks back the goblins and blows the miasma bomb's gas over them. In mere moments the attacking group is dead. *hmph!* goes Andria, \"why'd Tracia go all out to hire such a large group of adventurers for such low level monsters?\" Zanaz and Ethan look at each other remembering what else the mayor had said, \"one adventurer who chased after them said they reported back to seeing a giant red goblin with massive bull horns. It might be a demon, but we don't want to panic anyone, so in the off chance he was mistaken this will be an extermination job, you know take out the rogue goblin troop and chase off any others from trying the same, if he wasn't mistaken then having a large group with such a…impressive background will surely be enough to take care of some goblin king.\" \"What?!\" shouts Haru her voice echoing down the halls, Dreia quickly putting her hand over Haru's mouth. Ethan looks back to see Rebecca's staff was touching his shoulder, and is glowing, everyone saw and heard his memory. \"We're going to have a talk about this later,\" says Dreia, \"but for now I do believe everything knows we're here.\" \"Swowwy\" says Haru through Dreia's hand before *licking* her palm and sending a shiver down Dreia's spine. \"You taste sweet,\" says Haru with a wide grin, \"Ethan not been visiting you?\" \"I didn't want to worry any of you,\" says Ethan, \"it's probably not anything.\" \"Worry now,\" says Zanaz as a fire bursts up from the floor of the wide room they just walked into. Standing where the fire burst is the devil. \"Or,\" says Ethan, \"that guy was right and there is a demon and if we survive this I am buying you all lunch to apologize.\" \"I'll take a bath with…\" says Haru before Janet chimes in, \"This isn't the time Haru,\" \"So,\" says the devil looking at them with a smug expression on his face, \"it is not the empress who comes to greet me this time. Yessss, like last time some would be heroes, however last time she arrived much quicker. So will you die before she arrives to save you?\" \"What is he talking about?\" asks Haru. Zanaz calmly says, \"an ancient demon, no doubt he means *The Empress*.\" \"Huh,\" says Ethan with a smile, \"so you figure this is one of those, some hero trapped the monster along time ago, but somehow or thanks to someone the seal has been loosened or lost and it's free.\" The image in Ethan's head being of a cartoon man ripping a seal off a rock for toilet paper while out on an adventure and a black horned thing appearing from under the rock. \"Close,\" says the devil, \"but come on, show me what you can do.\" \"Spread out!\" commands Ethan, Zanaz nods to Andria who rushes to one side Dreia goes the same way to support her, Janet and Rebecca another, Haru however rushes at the devil. \"Iron Claw!\" yells out Haru leaping at the devil. He backhands her, she *yipes* as she flies through the air. She flips and lands on her feet skidding back, stopping just before the wall. \"Iron Vines!\" yells out Dreia, \"Shadow Entangle!\" yells out Andria. Vines of metal and vines of shadow spring forth from the ground and wrap around the devil. \"Psy-Ball!\" yells out Rebecca shooting a blue sphere from her staff at the devil, closely followed by a \"Fire Rocket!\" from Janet. Both explode on the devil. \"Did we get him?\" asks Janet. The smoke clears and the devil is unharmed, with a burst of flame and a flexing of muscle he destroys the magic vines around him. He lets out a disturbingly orgasmic *sigh* and *roars* a thunder echoing off the ceiling somehow. \"Pitiful,\" says the devil, \"yet impressive, unfortunately for you I am the eternal prince of darkness! *thunder*. You mere mortals can not hope defeat me, no matter how great your powers are.\" Ethan and Zanaz exchange (the look), its trump card time! Ethans chants over his sword, the blade glowing green. Zanaz leaps high into the air and does a spin with a sweeping leg yelling out, \"Necro Arc!\" The green arc of energy comes down at the devil who doesn't even try to block it, much to his dismay as he winces and takes a step back as the arc cuts into his flesh leaving a bleeding mark over his side. \"Necro Slash!\" yells out Ethan who comes down, slashing across the devil's chest making it unleash a *thunderous roar*. Ethan leaps back. The devil is pissed, the bleeding lines however are only skin deep. \"Good show,\" says the devil standing up right as though unharmed, \"but your best is not enough.\" \"Keep him busy,\" says Ethan as he holds his blade sideways, it glowing with green mist as he chants. Zanaz leaps back into the shadows next to Andria. Haru summons a blue sigil before her, \"Summon Light Doves!\" A small group of Light Doves appears and flocks at the devil glowing. \"Raaaaahhhh!\" roars the devil, \"Accursed holy light!\" His body flames up as he swings at the doves, kills several, the rest vanishing thanks to the summon spell. \"Razor Wind of the Sacred Grove!\" yells out Dreia summoning a blizzard of green razor's edge sharp leaves to swarm over the devil. Andria throws a Miasma Bomb at the devil clouding his vision but not harming him. Janet stands back realizing her fire magic makes her useless in this battle, however she does chant a \"Magic Attack Increase\" spell on Ethan and Rebecca. \"Psychic Mist!\" yells out Rebecca summoning a blue fog around the devil. \"Enough!\" roars the devil echoing thunder as fire shoots up consuming the leaves. He takes a deep sucking breath sucking in the miasma and Psychic mist. He *sighs* \"poison of the body and mind, such a sweet taste.\" \"Eat this!\" yells Ethan, \"Necro Sphere!\" The mist had gathered before his blade into the shape of a sphere, and with a mighty push against it, it flies off like a rocket. The devil takes a swing at the green ball, the skin on his knuckles and fingers peels off leaving his hand bloody; however he did manage to punch through it. \"All that distraction,\" says the devil, \"for that?\" \"No,\" says Andria pulling the shadows away from hiding Zanaz, \"for this!\" Zanaz had been charging up a massive focus of necro-energy in his palms. \"Necro Beam!\" yells Zanaz unleashing the attack. The massive beam of green energy comes over the devil, his body inside the beam starts to wither into a skeleton, he yells out as loud as he can through decaying lungs, \"Father! Save me!\" A red energy comes over the devil, his body quickly regenerates and with a mighty roar and explosion of red energy, during which he sprouts massive red and black wings that throws everyone back with the shockwave he disperses the attack. He stands now unharmed, his opponents on their backs. \"Damn,\" says Ethan, \"we have to retreat we…\" Haru remembers the Light Doves and how it felt like the light was genuinely hurting this monster, however before she can speak a massive red sigil with a demonic goat skull symbol in the center appears behind them blocking the exit. \"We're trapped,\" says Rebecca. \"Then why is the bull goblin man scared?\" asks Haru pointing at the devil. \"Because of me,\" comes a woman's voice inside the sigil. Floating from the sigil is a woman with blue skin, black short hair, weirdly aerodynamic horns on her temples above her pointed ears. This woman wearing a weird black battle uniform floats forward with her hands crossed. \"No!\" roars the devil charging at her, taking wing and summoning a sword.\" The woman in the blink of an eye grabs the sword between two fingers, snaps it in half, and punches the devil in the top of his head slamming him chin first into the stone floor cracking it…and his teeth. She puts her foot on his head. He struggles to rise, flapping his wings and pushing against the ground with his arms with all his might. But to the surprise of the party she doesn't even seem phased by it. She grabs the wings holding them still, this brings a look of utter fear in the devil's eyes. \"Wings,\" says the woman, \"cute, guess this means we can play some new games.\" \"bitch…\" mutters the devil. The woman turns to the party, \"so what have we here,\" Before anyone can speak the woman turns her gaze towards a blue archaic glowing sigil that has appeared on the floor nearby, rising like a ghost from the abyss is Rhulan, in her usual sorceress attire.\" Rhulan looks over the scene. \"That,\" says Zanaz rising to one knee as the rest of the party gets up, \"*cough*, must be the empress the demon was talking about.\" \"Or she is,\" says Haru pointing at the blue woman. \"Endara,\" says Rhulan, \"what brings you to Aesperia?...\" Rhulan looks at the devil, \"oh….that looks…familiar…oh.\" Janet whispers, \"I think Rhulan the sorceress knows something.\" \"shhh,\" says Haru, \"I don't want to miss anything.\" \"So,\" says Rhulan crossing her arms beneath her ample breasts, \"What brings the Overlord of the False World here with…one of her toys. Did your pet get off its leash?\" \"Hardly a pet,\" says Endara, \"more a stuffed toy, Misaline made him into one for me after you left him for dead in my backyard.\" Rhulan *shrugs*, \"First place I could think of to get him off my doorstep.\" \"Oh, it's no problem,\" says Endara, \"he's one of my favorite playthings, and when I track down the smoky bastard who took him away…like three years ago…making me have to revisit, and probably repay…I mean the warrantee has to be expired by now, Misaline, I am so going to find that smoky bastard, rip off his balls and shove them into his eye sockets!\" She said all that with a smile on her face. The look of shock on the party's faces would be priceless especially with Zanaz who always tries to keep a calm demeanor making everyone view him as a total bad-ass. Endara's sigil vanishes from the doorway, and appears beneath her and the devil. \"Well, I'd love to chat,\" says Endara, \"But I better get this guy to the doll shop and fixed back up before Misaline closes down for the day, tootles.\" With that Endara with the devil underfoot sinks down through the sigil. It vanishes right behind them. Rhulan opens a portal and is about to leave when Ethan says, \"Wait up! I mean…your highness, I…\" Rhulan looks over their group, \"huh…it's you guys again…how serendipitous.\" \"Uh…yeah,\" says Ethan, \"so…I mean,\" Haru nudges him. \"Right sorry,\" says Ethan, \"what was that? Who was that…Overlord you said? And who is…Misaline?\" Rhulan *sighs*, \"Kid, forget you ever heard the name Misaline, crazy bitch would turn you into a nut cracker or a tiny puffy pink ball if she thought it would be funny…or cute…or what ever goes through her twisted little cute head. As for that woman, she is Overlord Endara Tarrata, the ruler of a Hell known as the False World, looks normal, but really a just a bunch of traps and such. Apparently after I…removed that demon from trying to invade this world and killed it in her hell she took what remained of it…I do believe it could regenerate endlessly, to….that sorceress I mentioned…any who, she turned him into a toy version of himself for Endara to play with…yeah she's crazy too.\" Rhulan nods her head to the side slightly, \"So am I really, kind of hard to be immortal with out being a little nuts. Any who, guess it got loose, got big again, came here to try and call me out. Heh, and you kids got to him first.\" She turns back to her sigil gate and with one last, \"till next time adventurers.\" she vanishes. \"We still get paid right?\" asks Haru as the party walks away from the cave. \"I guess,\" says Janet. \"Well we didn't take down the big boss,\" says Rebecca. \"Not for lack of trying,\" jokes Ethan looking over at Zanaz who is just staring behind them at the battle field, likely pondering over what the hell just happened. \"We did,\" calmly says Dreia, \"take out all those goblins,\" \"Okay then,\" says Ethan, \"first we collect and then its that lunch I promised you all.\" \"Isn't it dinner time?\" asks Haru. \"Okay, dinner,\" says Ethan with a smile. Andria and Zanaz are trailing behind a little bit. Andria whispers to Zanaz, \"is something wrong dear?\" \"We,\" says Zanaz, \"are adventurers, mortals just making a living in what little time we have. We shouldn't be getting involved in the affairs of devils and gods.\" \"We had no way of knowing,\" whispers Andria as reassuredly as she can, knowing that her man's strongest attack had failed back there. \"Half a day,\" says Zanaz thinking over how long it took to get to Tracia and then out here and fight, \"no…even a few minutes later, those two didn't appear because of us. They came after that devil, if we had arrived later we wouldn't have had to have nearly gotten killed fighting an unkillable monster.\" \"Well,\" says Andria holding his arm, while watching to make sure no one is looking back, \"they didn't appear until after it bru….used a last ditch effort to survive your attack. Maybe that energy…maybe it knew, that lead them both right to it. So our showing up and forcing it to fight at that level did save the day…by attracting something…some things that could take it down. If not who knows for how much longer it would have terrorized the country side before either of those…people…figured out where it was hiding.\" Zanaz mulls this over as Andria lets go of his arm as they catch up with the rest of the group before anyone wanders why they are dragging heels so far behind them. \"I suppose,\" says Zanaz taking one last look back at the charred area and dead goblins, less than there was before implying some survived and fled when they had the chance. He remembers the scene, the devil, Endara, Rhulan. \"I suppose,\" he thinks to himself as they walk along, \"but everyone in that room could have killed us all, and that woman easily took down what we barely stood up against…and Rhulan.\" His mind shows an image of her floating covered in dark red flames…. \"she spoke to that…Endara on equal terms…she's more monstrous than I thought…No Zanaz put it out of your head man, adventurer, bandits, goblins, maybe the occasional dragon, none of this higher order crazy celestial and demonic shit, it doesn't concern us we fight we get paid, we live, repeat.\" \"You know,\" says Zanaz looking at Andria, the tone in his voice making her blush. He shakes his head, \"Never mind,\" \"When we get home,\" says Andria in a sweet whisper, \"we can talk then.\" At dinner Haru says between bites of mutton, \"I could have taken that big red guy, yep, I was going to use the holy light spell and totally kick its ass.\" Ethan, Rebecca, Janet, and Dreia stop eating and look at her. \"Yeah,\" says Haru as she takes another bite and gulps it down with her drink, \"it was totally hurt by those Light Doves, I could smell it, that's why he went all crazy, I bet he was like you know like a shadow demon and holy light would totally kick his big red ass.\" The others just look at each other pondering in their own minds if she was right and remembering what happened earlier that day. ","Summary":" Not much has changed in these last three years, well except now when Ethan wakes up he can expect n"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Visit","Author":"Ayehli","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11307010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sunlight gleamed through a large glass window, flecks of gold dancing over Julie's skin and tousled hair as a light breeze blew in. The fabric in her hands flapped gently against her arms as she willed her mind to focus on the task at hand. It was hopeless, of course. Energy hummed in the air, strange but familiar scents filled the room. She felt the sunlight dim slightly. …you cannot escape me… Julie sighed. \"Yes. I'm quite aware of that.\" The air shimmered. She heard distant noises that might have been screams or sighs, and then he was coalescing in front of her, towering and magnificent, red and crowned with horns, yellow eyes gleaming in fading light of the room. …my bride… Julie rolled her eyes. \"Your bride is quite busy, I'm afraid.\" …what could possibly be more important than my presence here, in in this moment?… She hung an article of clothing on a hook. \"Laundry.\" The air was silent. He stared down at her, still imposing, but clearly at a loss. …laundry… \"It's not just laundry, you know.\" She pulled more clothes from the basket. \"There are also dishes, and bills, and all the other concerns of the waking world…\" …these things are of no consequence… \"For a few days out of the year, you're quite right.\" She turned to smile impishly at him. \"For most of the year you're distant. But then something happens, I'm still not sure what, and then you're here, and you won't leave. You won't leave my mind, you won't leave my dreams, you won't leave the space where I'm typing. And it's bliss, but it's also sad, because I know it won't last.\" He came forward then and she allowed herself to drink him in. One hand, larger than her entire face, caressed her cheek. …lose yourself in me… \"Yes, that would be quite lovely. And it is quite lovely, when it happens. But this laundry isn't going to hang itself.\" The energy in the room hummed again. Julie blinked at the clothes in front of her, which had, in fact, hung themselves. She smiled. \"That's sweet of you.\" The demon growled and gripped her shoulders. …I am not sweet… \"No, of course you're not sweet. That's the appeal.\" Julie sighed. \"Do you remember when you first came to me?\" He took her hand and kissed it. The kiss burned, realer than anything else in the room, and she shivered. …you were a child and I was a monster… \"Yes. That's how I saw you, at first. But then I got older…\" The memories washed over her in warm waves. She did not need to look around to see that the room was fading. The demon took her hand and led her through what had once been a wall. …you grew wiser…you saw that I was more than what I appeared… Julie smiled. \"You were…different.\" …I was your most secret desire…the dreams of a young girl, so sweet… Julie stopped, her hand dropping from his. \"I'm not a girl anymore. Not a virgin, not the sort you seem to feed on.\" He turned back to face her. There was never tenderness in his expression, never had been. The harshness was the allure. And yet…she thought she saw something that passed for kindness flicker in his eyes, just for a moment. …you are a girl and an innocent when you are in my presence… She looked down and saw that her body was smaller, firmer than it had been. She was dressed in something light and flowery that revealed only a little. And as always happened in these moments, she felt the faint sense of what it had been like to be perched on the edge of a cliff, unknowing in so many things. She smiled up at him, her face settling into an expression of wide-eyed wonder that was as real as it had been years before. \"What is this sweet wind that blows you to me…damn, I'm even talking like you…\" He cupped her chin in his hands and caressed her hair, long and full and gleaming now. She shivered and felt the last vestiges of this world slip away. When she opened her eyes she was standing with him in a dark, cavernous space with pillars that reached taller than trees. He smiled down at her. …dreams are my speciality, and your dreams have never died… \"Indeed. I do need you, every now and again. You with your force and your unyieldingness and everything else that I would not stand for in the waking world.\" He grabbed her roughly then, lifting her up easily to meet his eyes. …I take what is mine… He kissed her then, fiercely and with a searing heat, and she drowned within it, letting the fires consume her until the outside world was forgotten, savoring the sweetness that she knew was fleeting, but all the sweeter for its impermanence. Take me. Please, take me. ","Summary":" The sunlight gleamed through a large glass window, flecks of gold dancing over Julie's skin and tou"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Rhulan vs the Devil","Author":"Rhuen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9877248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In a far away magical land there once was a devil, a dark lord of evil and darkness who wished to bathe the world in eternal night. To this end he seduced an under age girl and took the horn of a unicorn. A troop of heroes, a young man, some elves, and even a fairy rose up against him. With the rebirth of innocence and the light of dawn they sent the red devil through a portal into the depths of space saving their world. Unbeknownst to them evil does not die so easily. Through the void he floated until colliding with something else, a creature of utter darkness, writhing shadows, and madness. Or perhaps it sought him out. \"My son,\" says the entity, \"I sense an imbalance in the forces of good and evil, a chaotic force has been unleashed tipping the scales towards good. You must stop it.\" \"Yes father,\" says the devil, \"I will bring darkness to the land, evil shall fill the hearts of beast and man.\" \"Go,\" says the darkness, its very body, if that was a body, twists and turns into a portal sucking in the devil and sending him to land in a new place. A little town, a quaint little place with its whimsical looking houses, cobblestone streets, and peasants going about their tasks. The silence is disrupted by screams as a fiery portal appears and out steps the large red skinned, giant black horned devil. As he appears the sky turns black with clouds, and snow begins to fall. \"Yes,\" says the devil, \"the darkness, the cold. This world shall be entombed in ice…\" *kaboom!* A blue energy bolt explodes on the devils back knocking him forward a little bit before he steadies himself on his cloven hooves. Behind him a swordsman stands, his sword glowing blue. \"Are you the hero I was told about?\" says the devil, \"the chaotic one slaying evil?\" \"Captain,\" says another man coming from the other side, his sword glowing red. \"Stand back,\" says the first man, \"we don't know what this demon is capable of…other than controlling the weather.\" A few more men arrive all swords drawn and glowing various colors. \"Come at me heroes.\" says the devil, \"show me what you can do. I shall show you dread and fear, fill your hearts and those you would protect with the coldness of despair.\" \"Psionic Pulse!\" yells one guard summoning a shock wave from his sideways turned sword. It throws the air and nearby debris around but doesn't phase the devil. \"Chi Bomb!\" yells the captain throwing another blue sphere. The devil turns up his hands and summons a mighty flame that surrounds the blue sphere making it explode. The captain is thrown backwards by the intense explosion. \"Still alive?\" asks the devil, \"how resilient your people must be. It will be a pleasure to subjugate such strong souls.\" \"Wind Slicer!\" yells another guard sending a green blade of wind flying at the horned devil. A mighty black blade appears from the darkness a voice instantly in the devil's mind from the dark force, \"use this my son.\" With a mighty swing the devil cuts through the attack. \"Stand down!\" comes the voice of Rhulan from above as the clouds vanish, yet the sky is still dark, the very sky of this world twisting and turning like a sea of darkness. \"How peculiar,\" says the devil. \"I am the one you seek,\" says Rhulan, \"and how kind of you and your master to bring the final opponent on the list to me. You certainly are a step up from the mortal fools I slew just now before returning.\" \"You are this world's champion?\" says the devil, \"a mere woman?\" \"No,\" says Rhulan as she summons from a black portal the Seraphim Sword, \"I am this world's ruler. I am the Empress Rhulan, the Celestial Sorceress, the goddess of this land.\" \"All the better,\" says the devil as he swings his sword unleashing a wave of fire. Rhulan's sword glows blue as it slashes through the fire wave. *clang* The devil blocks her sword with his own as she comes in close. \"Impressive,\" says Rhulan, \"but you are weak!\" With a mighty thrust she sends the devil flying backwards through the street. In a span of time shorter than the blink of an eye Rhulan un-summons her sword and flies past the devil. From behind she upper cuts him into the air. As he flies up it becomes apparent that the wavy darkness is not the sky but a curtain between heaven and earth. He flies into it followed shortly behind by Rhulan. The devil finds himself landing, on one knee, in a new place, yet it looks so similar to where they were save for being a very empty town. Rhulan floats down behind him, in her hand a clear sphere appears with a green aura around it and swirl pattern inside it. \"Wind Sphere!\" yells Rhulan throwing the sphere which upon impact with the ground beneath the devil turns into a green cyclone throwing the devil into the air. He lands on his feet. \"I am eternal,\" he says, \"no matter what you try sorceress, self proclaimed goddess, I will not…there is light here?\" The landscape is sunny yet casts no shadows, the air is still and silent, no birds to be heard. Rhulan begins to laugh, \"Just now noticing the false light? Your aura speaks volumes, as did your entrance to Aesperia. I could have just as easily have transported you to a sunny place. But I felt this was far more poetic. Welcome to Hell.\" \"What?\" says the devil, \"I am the dark lord, the prince of darkness and evil. There is nothing…\" \"Oh shut up,\" says Rhulan, \"if you are so certain then just stand there and die.\" \"Inferno Blast!\" yells Rhulan unleashing the white hot flame. The ground is scorched, the land burnt, yet the devil remains unharmed his sword before him. \"Huh,\" says Rhulan, \"fire and ice…kind of cheap, but I can deal with that.\" Rhulan aims her hand at him, \"Plasma Beam!\" The blue beam of destructive energy is split by the sword the devil is holding. A sigil appears before Rhulan as she chants. \"I call upon thou whose scales are more crimson than the setting sun. whose eyes shine brighter than a thousand torches. whose fangs can dishearten even the bravest of gods. whose breath can wither and decay the oldest and wisest of trees. I call upon you to decay and corrupt that which stands before me. Will of Corruption! Nidhogg!\" A pink beam blasts from the sigil before Rhulan. The devil slashes at the beam, however rather than be split the beam turns to mist and soaks into the blade. The blade cracks and turns to dust. \"Well,\" says Rhulan at least we know the root eating dragon is superior to what ever made your little toothpick.\" Her wicked smile and look of death in her eyes throws the devil off his guard as he clinches his fist around the dust. Fire rises around him. \"Enough of this,\" says Rhulan, \"your best trick is obviously your durability, so let's put it to the test.\" He summons a fire ball and sends it into the air, however given her height it comes apart before even reaching her. She *shrugs*, \"well time to die, I tried to make it look glorious and interesting given how boring my last few fights were but decapitation it is you one trick no tricks demon.\" Rhulan's hand glows with dark red energy. She flies faster than even this supernatural monster can see coming up behind him, she swings her hand as though to karate chop the devil in the neck. She yells out \"Demon's Rapier!\" as her hand slices through his neck like a hot knife through butter. She grabs one of the horns holding the head aloft as the body falls over. As she steps back the head speaks, \"I am eternal, I can not die!\" The body stands up again. As the head laughs Rhulan tosses it aside. Her eyes glow violet as a violet fiery energy surrounds her. She holds her hands out and brings them together while yelling out, \"Mystic Destroyer!\". A massive violet energy beam leaves a path of twisted earth as it engulfs the body of the devil destroying it utterly. She stands over the head, whose eyes show only hatred and speaks no words. \"Mystic Bolt,\" says Rhulan coldly as a violet fire ball like bolt blasts the head leaving only a crater and a few pieces of horn. Rhulan opens a portal and vanishes. A moment later the horns melt and come together, the lava forms a tiny body, a tiny copy of the devil. \"I will remember this,\" says the devil, \"I will not under-estimate you again sorceress.\" A black leather boot comes into his view. Looking up he sees an athletic woman wearing black leather armor, blue skin, and aerodynamic horns on the sides her head above her pointed ears. She reaches down and picks up the devil. \"Well aren't you a cute little Red Devil,\" says the woman, \"never seen a miniature red devil before though.\" \"Un-hand me woman,\" says the devil, \"I am the dark lord I am…what are…\" She stuffs him into her blue cleavage as she flies into the air faster than the devil ever dared dream of traveling. She lands at a penthouse of a sky scrapper. She takes out the devil and sets him down on a table. \"So,\" says the woman, \"are you what I sensed earlier…no…hmm…ah ha! I see it now, you must have limitless regeneration as one of your special traits and this is what all that was left over after the Celestial Sorceress killed you…\" She nods happy with herself, \"Yep, that was her I sensed, the other much lower power signature was you then. Man you were way out of your league. But don't worry…\" A fire breaks out on the table, \"I am the dark lord, you will show me the respect I…hey..\" She picks him up completely un-harmed by the man and pats out the fire on her table. \"As I was saying,\" she continues carrying the struggling devil around, \"I am going to make it so you never have to fight her again, because you will be mine, all mine, you cute little devil doll.\" Her smile actually brings shivers up the devil's back. \"I am darkness, I am hate,\" says the devil but is cut off by a flick of the finger to his head knocking him out. \"There you go Endara,\" says a sweet soft voice. The devil opens his eyes to find himself on a table in a different room, something British Traditional in style and furnishing. His body feels funny, not growing, no fire inside as he felt before while regenerating slowly. Before him, giant to him, is a small woman with ample bosom and long green hair. \"Thank you Misaline,\" says Endara, \"hear that my little toy, you will forever be this size, and your new body is made of very durable materials so you don't have to worry about rough play.\" \"May you both have many years of happy playtimes,\" says Misaline so sweetly it actually scares the devil. \"Madness,\" thinks the devil, \"what madness is this?\" And so it was that the devil, prince of evil and darkness and all that rot was defeated in battle soundly by a sorceress his own father the dark eldritch horror of the cold dark void sent him after and found himself later turned into the play thing of Overlord Endara, ruler of the first layer of the hell of another world; changed permanently into a small toy by the unfathomable powers of the sorceress Misaline. \"seriously,\" says Rhulan in her bed chambers awakened by the goddess who related these events to her, \"That low class over the top demon could survive that?\" *Don't you care about its fate?* projects the goddess. \"Not really,\" says Rhulan sitting up from her bed, the sheets falling off her amble bare chest and revealing two gorgeous woman sleeping on either side of her whose murmurs display their protest at having their empress leave their twin embrace, \"I was sleeping just now after all. Besides if Endara and Misaline want to play toy shop and dress that thing up in pink dresses and have tea parties they can do that all they want. If you want that thing permanently dead, you take it up with them. I'm not about to tell either Endara or Misaline I plan to take one of their toys away. So good night.\" Rhulan lies back, the two woman snuggling up to her and wrapping their arms back around her with happy murmurs, if awake pretending they didn't hear anything that just happened, if not, no matter in either case Rhulan would never bring it up and neither would they. The goddess vanishes. ","Summary":" In a far away magical land there once was a devil, a dark lord of evil and darkness who wished to b"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Blue Room","Author":"Raven Ehtar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8121958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: And as I continue to stretch out into more fandoms, both new and old, I come across one of my old time favorites, Legend . This 1985 cult classic has always been really close to my heart, but I've never been able to do any kind of fanart for it before, for various reasons. But after watching this and a few other childhood faves, plot bunnies popped up like mad. One little line in particular, I liked the pairing of Oona and Lili. Oddly enough, when I searched the net for anything with these two, I think I found a grand total of two things; one video and one tiny fic. Must add to the fandom and expand on an under-loved femslash pair! Plus, the setting just has a lot of potential for pretty language. ;) Enjoy! Beta: SkyTurtle3 Music: The Mummers Dance by Loreena Mckennitt All the Things She Said by T.A.T.U. Disclaimer: Legend and related characters © Ridley Scott and Twentieth Century Fox. … The Blue Room Raven Ehtar … The Realm of Darkness is, by its very nature, is a place of the blackest intentions, of foulest deeds. It is a place where Light is almost entirely blocked out, and the landscape infested with shadows of physical and spiritual origin. The under creatures of creation, the goblins, changelings, and devils, are given their reign to cavort and prey on each other as they will. Concepts such as kindness, nobility, or innocence are foreign, and would soon find themselves mired in their brackish surroundings. The Great Tree is the dusky jewel set atop this writhing nest of vipers. This is where the most corrupt stand in attendance to the Master of Shadows. Where outside the walls, scraps of sunlight still lingered, here is where Light is banished in truth. Here, the only light comes from the tainted fires of hearth, candle or oven, and did not illuminate so much as accentuate the darkness. From the highest tower to the lowest dungeon, here was the most dangerous location a being of Light could find herself entrapped. Oona, a faerie, was so entrapped. She would never admit to being so, but rather say that she was on a mission to restore the world to its proper balance. She could leave this temple of evil any time she wanted - so she would claim - but then, as Gump had so aptly put, what good was a world locked in a season of death? Where would be the joy in playing pranks on goblins? What fun would there to be had in forests in the grip of a black winter? No, she would not admit to being trapped, nor to being forced to act as she did. She was a creature with her own fiery will, and she was here by her own choice, not by those of others. But even she would admit a certain reluctance. The Tree was hollow, a great fortress in which evil creatures lurked. The lower levels were not worse than those that were higher. One level was as infested as any other, the only difference lying in the mind of whoever was so foolhardy to be caught there. But while there was no difference in the level of danger, there was a difference in how it presented itself. Where Oona found herself was a place as close to the earth as she ever wanted to be. Well below the surface, here was where the shadows remembered back to the days when the world was new, and the balance of Light and Dark still raged as a storm. The blackness slithered and coiled around the pillars, its whispers tickling about her ears, telling dark and twisted truths she couldn't quite grasp, offering temptations she couldn't quite hear. This was an evil that didn't charge at you with tooth or talon, but slipped in quietly with suggestion and desire. Oona felt it press at the edges of her heart and mind, and fortified herself as best she could. She crept through the scintillating gloom in her larger form, for although her smaller, airborne body would be faster, it concentrated her essence and made her too easy for more physical enemies to find. At the same time, being larger spread her defenses, thinning the line that separated 'her' from 'them'. She focused on why she was there, what it was she had come to find, and ignored the soft whispers probing at the corners of her consciousness. It was a search she was on, a search for one or any of a few things: the unicorn, the severed alicorn, the girl, or Darkness himself. She shuddered at the thought of encountering that Lord of evil. She quickened her pace, a pale, slim form flitting from one pillar to that next, her bare feet avoiding the rocks, bones, and less savory things the floor was littered with. She may be able to avoid the minions that crawled and crept about, but against their master she would stand no chance. But then, it wasn't her responsibility to stand against Darkness on her own. If she found him, she was to spy, listen, and remember and then report back to Gump and Jack what she had found. The gloom around her convulsed oddly. She felt it contort, bunch and move with sentient deliberateness. Oona braced herself for whatever was to come next, but nothing happened. Confused, the faerie scanned her surroundings quickly, searching for the cause of what she had felt. It hasn't been her imagination, she was sure of it. This place of Darkness was doing things to her mind, she knew that for a certainty, but she could still feel the strangeness, the tightness of her skin and the trembling of her gossamer wings that told her something was wrong. Something had changed from what it had once been to what it was now. She just had to find it, before it found her… There. Between the giant pillars, almost hidden behind layers of shadow, there was a flash of white, a glimmer of movement. Oona fluttered her wings, wanting to transform, but still not daring. Whatever she had seen, it hadn't seen her yet. To transform might only announce her presence. Staying close to the cold, mica flecked, careful to keep it between her and the flicker of movement she had seen, the wide-eyed faerie watched. She didn't have long to wait. Soon another flash of white, so foreign in this place plagued by blackness, caught her eye, and baited her to chase. Her feet moved almost of their own accord, following the fleeing glow almost before she realized what it was. Pale legs, gently curved and white as the moon; a gown, once fine and now in sad tatters, fluttering loosely about the limbs it attempted to cover; a beautiful face crumpled with fear and wreathed in dark, tangled locks… Oona's feet knew before her mind did, this creature could be none other than Lili. Instinct told her to catch the girl, to bring her back to the others, or to at least hide her away and keep her safe from the other, less savory denizens of this place. If Lili were to fall prey to them, then their entire quest might be lost. And if Darkness himself were to come upon her… But Oona stopped short of catching up the fleeing girl. Another sense held her back, rang warnings in her mind. Lili, for all of her apparent and understandable terror, moved as though she were in a dream. She had a touch of a deer in flight, in the flurry of her steps and the flash of her throat, but none of the wild, head-long panic. She ran, but she did not run as though the hounds snapped at her heels. Hadn't she been caught, along with the female unicorn? Why was she loose, then? Had she escaped whatever cell she had been thrown into? It didn't seem likely, but there was no other explanation the faerie could think of. And after a few more moments of pursuit, she ceased to wonder. She still did not know, but it did not seem important. It seemed so strange to be the one pursuing rather than being pursued. For her, Oona the faerie, to be following this human girl Lili, deeper and deeper into danger. Normally it would be Oona dashing flirtatiously between the trees, entangling the unwary with her charm and magic, leading them until they were hopelessly lost and then abandoning them in the wood. Never before had it been she who followed while another led… but she found it not entirely disagreeable. Lili was unaware of her follower, and Oona was coming to enjoy watching her as she wove among the pillars. She knew how Lili looked in less dire circumstances. She had seen her face imprinted on Jack's heart and reflected it back for him to adore, but that was not the face she wore now. Now, with all her finery in rags, her hair in tangled knots, her face besmirched with grime, the laughing eyes were wide and wondering. There was a wildness to her now that drew Oona close, that held her to the girl as surely as tethers. Undoubtedly, undeniably human, Lili nevertheless had a look of faerie to her now. Oona felt in herself a yearning, a growing need to touch the shining girl in this place of Darkness. To cup her cheek, to feel her hair, to draw her finger along her lip; to look into those eyes and know what it was that could so enchant a unicorn to allow itself to be touched… All without meaning to, Oona drew closer, until only a single row of pillars separated them. The nearer she came, the greater the ache to close the final gap became. Oona was a faerie, unaccustomed to denying herself any impulse that came over her. By nature she was a creature of desire and impulse, and the intangible danger of why or how Lili came to be here was not enough to hold her at bay for long. Just as Oona began to close the final distance, however, the girl crossed a threshold, and a pair of doors, heavy as night, closed up behind her. The faerie stopped in her tracks. With Lili no longer in sight, she returned a little to her senses. She realized abruptly how foolish it was for them to have been running so uninhibitedly down here, how vulnerable she was, and how lost. She gave her head a brief shake to clear it, looked about herself for any threats, and approached the shut doors slowly, cautiously. Feeling uncomfortably exposed, Oona crouched before the doors and pressed her eye to the gap between, peeking inside. Beyond the doors was a wide room, lit a throbbing, angry amber by the great fires under huge stone hearths. Darkened alcoves and shadowed corners lined the room, impossible to see into, but down its center lay the largest dinner table she had ever seen, spread with platters of food which would have been mouthwatering, had it been any other color but black. Oona soon found Lili, her poor silhouette a tattered, beaten leaf, shivering before the fire she came to warm herself at. Or was it the light that drew her, as a moth to a candle? It was far from cold here, and the trembling Oona could see might well be from fear. Looking at her, Oona felt again the need to be near her tug at her heart, and she cursed the doors that separated them. From nowhere, a breeze murmured through the room beyond the door, seeming to whisper words before disappearing. Oona shivered, her glittering wings quavering. Even Lili, with her all but deaf human ears seemed to hear something. She turned slowly from the light of the hearth to the shadows at her back. Oona saw, then, that now true fear was now in her eyes, as it had not been as she dodged between the blue pillars. Whatever it was that had drawn her here had shielded her from the terror of her plight, was gone now, and she trembled in its hold. The whisper-wind came again, Oona was sure she heard a voice, old and dry as autumn leaves, buried at the heart of it. If Lili heard it, she gave no sign of it. Indeed, her expression changed from one of fear to one of… intrigued, coy interest. Oona's wings fluttered involuntarily, her cheeks warmed to see such a look on her sweet face. Lili moved away from the fire to a place Oona could not see. She turned and twisted in her place, straining to see the girl through the gap in the doors, but could see no more than a trailing and tattered hem of her skirt. The breeze muttered again, and the world changed. Lili, hidden from her sight, gasped, and Oona saw why an instant later. A moment before, Lili had been alone in that room, with aught but the shadows to keep her company. Now those very shadows had coalesced into a form, a golem of darkness, wrapped in a gown of tattered night and cobweb. And it was locked in with Lili. The golem swirled in place, the train of its gown coming alive with flashing stars trapped in its folds. It twisted and swayed, curtsied and pirouetted, dancing all around Lili, who shied away, pressing her back to a wall. The poor girl, her eyes wide and frightened as a rabbit's, seemed only more wretched before this glamour, and she shrank back from it as it offered her its hand. Oona was frozen to the spot, watching. This was a magic she had never seen before, and could not divine its purpose. Was it meant to confuse Lili, to frighten her, or to lead her astray? Was it truly a glamour or a predator or a distraction? It wasn't until the creature offered Lili its hand again that she realized its purpose, and not until Lili, with a despairing, broken sigh accepted it, that Oona realized what it was. This was not just any shadow. This was Lili's personal shadow, the darkest side of her heart that trailed at her feet. Somehow it had been granted a body, and now danced with her. Its purpose was temptation, corruption. These two, Lili, the girl so innocent even the unicorns craved her touch, and her shadow, wound in sheaths of lust and decadence, danced together in a harmony that was beautiful and terrible to watch. Oona, trapped on the other side of the door, could only watch, not daring to call out, nor to try pushing open the heavy doors to get in. She could only watch, her heart fluttering as quickly and as brokenly as her wings, an ache threatening to consume her as with a flash, Lili and her shadow became one. The faerie turned away. Lili was being tainted by the shadows, and Oona was not nearly strong enough to save her. She knew the shapes of quests, and here was needed a hero. ","Summary":" A/N: And as I continue to stretch out into more fandoms, both new and old, I come across one of my "},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Legends Can Be Now & Forever","Author":"aneonbullet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8790600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hands of man – Author Unknown Sunrise is one of the few beautiful moments nature has blessed us with, but sunset outshines it by the subtle purple and pink pastel colours. As I glanced ahead at the sun slowly falling beneath the horizon, a warm feeling rose from my stomach and ignited my cheeks with its flame. Below, small creatures and delicate flowers frolicked in the light breeze that blew softly through the overhanging trees. Such a wonderful place was this, and yet those who shared four walls with me back home would never understand how special it had become, to me. Over several days, I had been fleeing from my small cottage near the palace, just to come here and watch nature take its course. On my travels, I had befriended a fair few woodland creatures. But my favourite of all was a boy named Jack. He was very much a forest child, and spent all of his time walking and talking with the animals in this wood. Having known him only a short while, we had yet to be properly introduced. I merely watched him from a distance most of the time, fearful of his ways. Jack was not a scary character, oh no. He was as gentle as a heavenly dove, and yet the way in which he held his anger inside of him frightened me enough to hold me far away from contact. I treasured the idea that one day we might finally meet, and he would brush away all of my worries with the voice that so magically calmed his woodland friends. Each day, I would hide within a small clearing at the edge of the forest, and watch with wonder as he played with and spoke to these creatures. It was an enchanting sight to see. As a strip of the sun was still visible just over the horizon, I raised my hand to my eyes at the gentle flash, smiling brightly when Jack appeared over the hills not too far away. He came bounding over the pebbles and jumping over patches of grass. Invisible to his eyes, I crept silently through the clearing and wandered a little deeper into the wood, being sure to remain hidden. Beneath me, a twig snapped and caused a soft echo to bounce around me. I stopped moving and froze on the spot, afraid he might have picked up on the sound, but when I looked over toward him, he was nowhere to be found. My stomach that was once calm and collected, broke out into miniature butterflies with worry. What if he had heard the sound? Could he have heard it at all? Where is he now? \"Who are you?\" came a voice from somewhere up above. Frightened, I threw myself to the ground and buried my head in my hands, rocking back and forth like a small child who had just been told off. My reaction must have shocked the poor boy, as he jumped swiftly from a branch and landed directly in front of me. \"Please, forgive me. This is your home, I should not have come here\" I said, slowly pulling my hands away from my face. His eyes sparkled as he looked at me, and mine did just the same. His stare was piercing, yet it was impossible to turn away. It was almost as though he had never seen a human girl before, which made me smile despite the situation. My lips curled upwards and I felt my cheeks heating up as he moved a little closer. He was inspecting me, or so it seemed. When he reached out a hand toward my face, I gasped, scaring him and causing him to jump back in fear. \"Oh, it's alright. I won't hurt you\" I said, softly. Doubtful, but still highly intrigued, he crawled a little closer once more. His hand came up again and he ever so lightly twirled one of his fingers around the curls in my hair. I tried very hard to stifle a laugh, but his behaviour was much too adorable to ignore. \"What is your name?\" he asked. \"Bluebell. Pleased to meet you, Jack\" I said, holding out my hand. He tilted his head a little toward his shoulder and looked at me with surprise. I suppose he was wondering how I knew his name, but there would be time for that a little later. Now however, it appeared I needed to teach him a few simple gestures. Jack looked at my hand as though expecting it to do something mysterious, and he looked more than a little troubled when it did nothing. \"Jack, you need to hold out your hand\" I said, grinning. He did as I asked, almost knocking my chin as he thrust his hand toward my face and smiled brightly, proud of himself. I cackled at his cuteness and pulled his hand down with mine, shaking it up and down slowly so he understood. Still somewhat confused at first, he frowned at what was happening, but soon recovered and smiled genuinely at me. I returned his smile and found myself clinging tightly to his hand, not wanting to let go. Despite his obliviousness to more common gestures, he seemed to be entertained by the fact that my hand would not drop his when he tried to pull away. His grin broadened and he moved closer again. \"Bluebell, my favourite flower\" he said, now getting much closer than I would have liked. Whilst my legs were underneath me, I found it terribly difficult to move back far enough, away from his approaching face. I could only go so far without breaking my back, and just as I thought that might happen, he stopped a few inches away and revealed his tongue. \"Why, you cheeky little devil\" I said, smacking his arm lightly. \"Jack, do not find me weird, but I have been watching you for a short while now, and I was wondering…\" I said, unable to finish my sentence. His hand came up and covered my mouth so I could not utter another word. I was very confused as he kept me quiet a few moments longer, before revealing what he wanted to say. \"I know\" he said. His smile was as bright as the sun would shine, and when he stood and offered his hand to me, I took it and beamed as he pulled me along. We spent some time talking about his life, the friends he has made within this wood, and those he had lost. I felt my heart shatter when his face fell at the mention of his dearest woodland companion having bravely lost its life some years back. As I watched him, his hand still holding mine whilst he pulled me alongside him toward our destination, I marvelled at how beautiful he was. His brown hair hung just a little over his shoulders, and his eyes were like stars under the light of the moon. Jack turned to me as we walked over a small stream, watching as I stumbled across and tried in vain to keep my shoes from getting wet. Apparently, the pebbles were only friendly with Jack, for he had crossed them without slipping once into the cold water. \"What is so funny?\" I asked, hurt that he was now laughing at my misfortune. He said nothing and grinned sheepishly as he reached for my other hand and helped me across the stream. It was only a shallow one, and was rather narrow, but my clumsiness got the better of me more often than not it seemed. I was thankful just to reach the other side without stepping in it again. Thanking him, I released my hand from his and bounded through the overgrown flowers up ahead. I was so lost in my own world that I did not hear Jack calling out to me, telling me to slow down and come back to him. \"Bluebell!\" he shouted, but it was merely a faint buzz to my ears. Before I could take another step, I spotted something truly magnificent just across the way. In the middle of a clearing surrounded by sakura trees sat a gorgeous white fox. It had eyes as blue as the ocean, and paws as black as night. It's fur coat was a wonderful shade of snow, and it simply lay there as the small sakuras wisped down toward it, coating it as a blanket would. \"Bluebell, come away from there\" I heard Jack call. Ignoring his cries for me to fall back and leave the fox alone, I crawled toward it ever so quietly, hoping I would not disturb its peaceful perch beneath a tree. The tree under which it lay had thousands and thousands of sakura flowers ready to fall from it. My hands became tainted with grass stains and I just knew my knees would be the same after this, but still I moved closer and closer to the beautiful creature, desperate to get a better look. It was an unfortunate quality of mine. Wanting and needing were never easy to tell apart when it came to reality, at least not with my way of thinking. If I saw something I liked and it was within reach, I had to have it, or in this case touch it. \"Bluebell\" Jack called again, but before I had chance to ignore him this time, he landed on me. Shocked, I lay ever so still on my back with my eyes tightly closed, afraid of whatever had pounced on me like that. My hands shook as I brought them up to shield my face, but then a warm voice eased the tension. \"It's alright, Bluebell. It's Jack\" he said, laying one of his hands over mine. \"Jack! You frightened me\" I said, scowling in a very unladylike manner. He only laughed at the look on my face and attempted to lean a little closer once more, but I rolled and sat up before he had chance. The hurt on his face was clear as day, despite the gloomy shadows caused by the trees. As I looked at him, I smoothed down my skirt and rid my knees of the faint green they had accumulated. I stood from my spot carefully, so as not to scare off the fox that was still laying carelessly a few feet from us both. \"Jack, will you take me to Amaranthine Lake?\" I asked, hopeful. Without a word spoken, he grabbed my hand in his and pulled me back in the direction we had come from. I smiled along the way until he brought me right back to where we had met just a short while ago. I frowned at him and begged with my eyes, afraid that my words would not do justice. \"You deliberately disobeyed me\" he said, turning his back on me and stepping out of the clearing and into the darkness of the trees. I fought back tears as I looked all around me, unable to see where he had gone and finding it hard to define his location based on his voice. He continued to belittle me and after a short while, I gave up and fell to the ground in defeat. His words rung through my head and brought back memories I had long since forgotten. It would take another lifetime to be rid of them now, and all the while I only imagined how right he was. I had disobeyed him by choosing to ignore his cries for me to stop, and yet I went ahead anyway. My foolish nature was no match for his otherworldly personality, and I knew in that moment we could never be friends, especially if he thought of me as someone completely disobedient. I was seldom this way, which I wished he only understood. As he kept on tossing questions and sarcasm at me, further tears slipped down my cheeks. \"Very well, Jack. I will leave now, and you will never hear from me or see me again\" I said. I stood from my spot on the ground as the clouds up above blanketed the moon for a split second. The wood went dark; pitch black and silent as death. Caring nothing of any danger in that moment, I stormed off in no particular direction, not knowing where I was going or where I might end up. \"No, I'm sorry. Please, I'd like to see you again\" Jack said, his voice faint somewhere behind me. I turned around fully, hoping to see him standing there, but found him hanging upside down from a low branch just above me. Startled, I let out a shriek and almost broke his nose as I attacked his face with my hands. I realised only a moment later that he wasn't going to hurt me, but he had already jumped down from the branch and was now crouched down beside me as I'd fallen to the ground. My head swam with so many thoughts that I could not keep up. His beauty, his voice, his caring nature, all those thoughts told me what they wanted me to do, and yet I could not bring myself to do it. Almost as though he read my mind, he leaned down toward me. My breath caught in my throat momentarily as he lingered no more than an inch from my lips. As the seconds passed in silence, the only sound that could be heard was the beating of our hearts. Mine, a thumping rhythm against my chest, and his, a calm and steady beat. It dawned on me when his lips connected with mine that he must surely know what he is doing, or else his eyes would not have told me everything earlier when we were first introduced. \"Bluebell, will you come back?\" he asked, pulling away and sitting beside me. Though a little dazed still from our childlike kiss, and very smitten with the boy beside me, I managed to sit up from my laying position and look at him with very serious eyes. My face remained blank and uncaring, but my eyes told a thousand stories, just as his did. It took him a while before he realised I was merely playing games with him. He beamed as though the small child inside of him had just been given a box full of candy, and all I could do was smile back. \"Of course, Jack. I will be back tomorrow..\" I said, hoping he would accept my decision to return so soon. With a smile and a nod, he pulled me from my sitting position as he heaved himself off the ground also. He held my hands in his for the longest time, looking longingly into my eyes until breaking both connections with a fading grin. I watched him race off toward the hills once more, delighting in his movements and ability to be so carefree, roaming the woods knowing nothing of unhappiness. How I longed to be like him, to spend my days and nights surrounded by the blissful feel of nature and all its wonders. Perhaps one day, even soon, he will welcome me into his home with open arms. ","Summary":" The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hands of man – Author Unk"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Faerie's Kiss","Author":"Raven Ehtar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8149979","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Another addition into the Legend fanfiction archives, and – more pointedly – into the Oona/Lili femslash archives, tiny and starved for attention as they are. I've really been pushing the femslash this month, haven't I? ;) Enjoy, everyone! Beta: SkyTurtle3 Music: The Mummers Dance by Loreena Mckennitt All the Things She Said by T.A.T.U. Disclaimer: Legend and related characters © Ridley Scott and Twentieth Century Fox. … Faerie's Kiss Raven Ehtar … A young breeze, high and giddy in the crowns of ancient trees, danced among the boughs, pestering the leaves that waved in reply, vainly trying to capture the teasing zephyr. High above the canopy, birds rode that same playful breeze, wheeling and bobbing in its currents. The sun, too dignified to take note of such goings on, shone down on all, its caress warming all it touched, filtering through the trees to cast the forest in green, dappled light. Hidden in a small grove of whispering alder and lacy ferns lay a girl in white finery. Her face was such a one that broke hearts with the smallest of smiles, now relaxed and only more beautiful in sleep, surrounded by thick, dark curls. To find such a lady in the middle of the forest was an odd sight, for she was obviously no villager or huntsman's daughter. But whoever she might be, she slept the sleep of one perfectly at ease, without a care for curious animals or mischievous faeries. Truly, a lady alone in such a place should have given more care to the ways of the faerie folk, for even now one sat near, watching her as she slept. There could be no doubt that the girl, seated comfortably on a moss covered log, was not mortal. Winged, her ears delicately pointed, an aura of otherworldliness hung about her like a mist. Clad in what looked to be mere gossamer, her face was the face of a child, when in truth she was many time older than the slumbering lady at her feet. It was her pixie heritage that bestowed the appearance of youth, though her eyes betrayed her age. In those wide, bluer than blue pools, a kind of internal struggle was taking place, pulling the normally light hearted expression to a little frown. The faerie, whose name was Oona, had led this human, who was called Lili, on a merry faerie's chase through the forest, disguised as another mortal named Jack to lure Lili ever deeper into the trees. It was not so long ago when the three of them, Oona, Lili and Jack, as well as many others, had fought against the Lord of Darkness himself and triumphed. During that battle, Oona had become intrigued with the forest child Jack, had even almost convinced herself she loved him when he resisted her charms. But she was a faerie to the core, and could not dwell too long on a single thing or person. When continued attempts to catch Jack's notice all failed, Oona grew bored and found herself growing more and more interested in Jack's love, Lili. She was well worth the interest, Oona thought. A human girl of noble birth who spent every moment possible in a forest teaming with fae folk and goblins, she'd captured the heart of Jack, the child of the forest, who was hardly mortal himself. So innocent was she that the unicorns had been charmed, and even allowed her to touch them! To their own peril and everyone else's, as it turned out. Still, she had remained strong, and resolved to set right the wrong she had done. So innocent, so pure, so… fragile, she had nevertheless managed to resist Darkness, even to deceive him and free the captured unicorn mare. The bane of unicorns, the vanquisher of Darkness… no one would ever suspect it when they looked upon her sweet face. Yes, Oona was intrigued. So she had spun an enchantment about the girl, a simple chase. It confused her senses, drew her on, always a few steps behind what she sought, which she believed to be Jack, but was really Oona, human sized and cloaked in glamour to appear to be Jack. She lured Lili deeper and deeper into the wood, along paths that closed up behind her as though they had never been, through gloomy vales and over skipping brooks, until the mortal would be hopelessly lost. Then she had lifted the web of enchantment, that drove Lili to pursue without thought, and hid herself from sight, leaving the human suddenly alone and lost. She should have, upon realizing her plight, been frightened. But Oona was to be surprised again. After a few plaintive calls after Jack, whom she seemed to believe was playing some lover's trick on her, she had quieted. After a few moments spent in investigating her surroundings, the girl had settled herself comfortably among the ferns, and eventually drifted off to sleep. Oona was baffled. She had no definite plans for what she had wanted to do with Lili once she had caught her, but this complete nonchalance was beyond her experience. It wasn't how mortals were meant to behave when they were caught in faerie power! Perhaps it was because of all the time she already spent in these woods, or the adventure with Darkness and the unicorns that made her so. Oona suspected it was more her own nature that was to blame. How was Oona meant to deal with a situation like this? She had enchanted countless mortals in her lifetime, on her own and as part of a group, and so carefree a response had never happened before. She was perplexed on how to proceed, so she was left watching her uncooperative prey as she slept the sleep of untroubled dreams. Even so, with all the frustration this brought, watching Lili's steady breathing and her lips, gently curved as though smiling at her dreams, Oona could not find it in her to begrudge the girl her peacefulness. An hour slipped by in the alder grove before Lili stirred, the sun taking the white golden glow of afternoon. She turned in her sleep, towards Oona on her log couch, and stretched luxuriantly, as though waking amongst her finest bedclothes. Her eyes fluttered open, revealing eyes as brown as hazelnuts and smiled. \"There you are, Jack,\" she said drowsily, her gaze falling on Oona. \"Where have you been?\" Oona, her glamour firmly in place, smiled with Jack's mouth, and flipped her head to a side as the boy often did. \"I thought you were still following me close behind. When I came back, you slept so soundly I had not the heart to wake you.\" One brow arched up quizzically. \"So you watched me sleep, did you?\" Still smiling, her grin full of flashing teeth, Oona nodded. Lili sniffed, and put on the airs of a noble lady, as difficult as that must have been half-submerged in ferns. \"You are quite presumptuous, young Jack, and not at all a gentleman to watch a lady in her sleep. Why, the very thought is shocking!\" Oona had to stifle a giggle in her Jack guise at Lili's tone and manner. Instead she stood, feeling the glamour stretching taller than she was as she did so, and made a sweeping, ironic bow. \"Please to forgive, my lady. I would not dream to be presumptuous. I do throw myself on your tender mercies.\" The human girl also had to swallow her laughter, but she composed herself quickly, and looked up at 'Jack' in mock sternness. \"I may forgive you, sir, if you would but help me to rise.\" She held up her hands, awaiting her gentleman. Still playing the gallant if playful gent, Oona took Lili's hands in her own and pulled her up to her feet. So small a feat was almost too much for the faerie girl. Even in her current state, she was not at all physically strong, and Lili weighed considerably more than she did. She was relieved when the girl didn't seem to notice any struggle on 'Jack's' part in helping her rise. Once on her feet, Lili wrapped her arms about Oona's shoulders, gazing into her eyes lovingly, as she would Jack's. The faerie, caught in the embrace, her face a mere inch or two from Lili's, felt herself grow unaccountably nervous. It was because of the glamour, she told herself. She wasn't sure if it was strong enough to hold up against such close contact. She forced herself relax, and looped her arms about the girl's waist. \"And now,\" Lili said with an impish little grin, \"you may kiss me, Sir Jack.\" Oona hid her surprise, and returned the smile. \"But, my lady,\" she said with Jack's voice. \"To bestow kisses upon one so high above I, surely that would be the worst presumption of all?\" \"Not if I have given you leave,\" she murmured, her face, her lips inching closer to Oona's. \"You may be as free with your kisses as you like.\" A faerie kissing a mortal was no small thing. It was more than a mere pressing of the lips. Oona pulled away very slightly, keeping a little space between them. \"Lili,\" she said, sounding uncharacteristically uncertain to her own ears. \"Lili, I don't—\" \"Jack,\" Lili interrupted, catching Oona's cheek in the palm of her warm hand, and came near, her eyes closed. Oona squeaked, starting back and letting her glamour slip away all at once. She stood, still within arm's length of Lili, completely as herself. The gossamer frock, the pointed ears, the hair as light and airy as thistledown blowing into her face, the nervously fluttering wings at her shoulders, she was as unlike Jack as it was possible to be. Lili was startled, and her eyes widened as the glamour quickly melted away to dew. But she did not recoil, nor did she cry out. She looked at Oona, fully exposed as herself… and began to smile again. Not a nervous or uncertain smile, but good humoredly. \"I thought so,\" she said, her voice full of laughter. \"I thought the faeries felt close today. And who may you be, good sprite?\" Oona could not help but return the smile with a satisfied grin of her own and drop into an arrogant courtier's bow – no silly curtsies for this faerie! \"I may be many or none, lady, but I am Oona of the fae folk, friend of one Honeythorn Gump.\" She straightened again, her blue eyes flashing merriment as a pond flashes with silver scaled fishes in its depths. \"At you service for this brief time, lady, as you discovered my little mischief.\" \"Answer me truly, then, Oona, why you led me here? Do you intend me harm?\" \"Nay, nay!\" Oona laughed, her hair and wings both fluttering. \"No harm was meant, but is it not in the nature of the faerie folk to befuddle and confuse our mortal neighbors? For all that it what this was: harmless amusement.\" The breeze that whispered among the leaves came to play with Lili's hair, casting a stray curl before her eyes. She brushed it back, her dark eyes a little more solemn. \"That is so. But then why return to me, still in the guise of Jack? Is it not more in the nature of the faerie to leave their quarry once they are caught?\" \"Tis so,\" Oona agreed easily. \"Once caught, there is little pleasure to be had. What enjoyment is in a hunt already ended?\" The girl tilted her head, her mouth smiling and her eyes serious. \"Then why, friend Oona?\" The sprite hesitated again, and then gave a small, helpless shrug. \"I was curious about you, lady. You are known to all at the Faerie Court, yet none can say they know you. The mortal Princess Lili, they say, she is like the moon herself, they croon, with both light and dark faces. She who can tempt the unicorns to their doom, and yet can deny Darkness, and send him tumbling from his throne. Your adventures are well known, lady, and I couldn't help but wonder at such a mortal girl.\" She smiled, a touch of that unchecked mischief creeping into its corners. \"I couldn't help but wonder if she could stand firm against my wiles, as well.\" Lili, into whose expression had crept a dark shadow of recollection, laughed at the faerie's easy arrogance. Such was the way of all fae folk, but coming from this little wild-haired faerie was disarming. \"Well,\" she said, twirling a little circle, her skirts flying out, \"I don't seem to have been fully captured by your wiles. Have you any others you can try, or am I to be Lili, escaper of the faerie's lures, in addition to my titles?\" Oona's wings fluttered, her eyes flashing silver. She was certainly a strange one, this Lili, she decided. Even forgetting the unicorn and Darkness – and who really could? – she had no fear of the fae folk, as most mortals did, whether deserved or not. Not only did she not fear, she bantered, she challenged a faerie standing right before her. The smile that spread over her face was genuine as she decided; I like this Lili-girl. She is human, but she has a faerie spirit. \"Not so easily can you escape a faerie's entrapments, nor especially mine.\" She leaned forward at the hips and cocked her head. The breeze came up, bringing the sweet, heavy smells of honeysuckle and lilac. \"I would not go home and say I had lost the Lili-girl once I had her. For that would court humiliation.\" \"I would not have you humiliated before your kin, gentle faerie,\" the girl said with mock solemnity. \"Come! What other snares have you to confound my senses and lay claim to me? At the least, we should make the attempt to show willing.\" \"I have many such snares, but merely one that may prove when a chase has failed.\" Oona felt her heart trip a little in her breast, her wings echoed the tremble, their iridescence catching the dappled light and shattering it to motes. \"Tis but a simple kiss, from faerie to mortal.\" She tilted her head, measuring Lili's reaction. \"Tis much like faerie food or drink, when once taken by a mortal, it binds them to the faerie realm forever, entrapping them past all hope of return. But where to eat faerie food or drink faerie wine is to become a part of Faerie, to kiss a faerie is to lose your heart completely, and to be lost not to the realm, but to the faerie whose kiss you have taken.\" Lili stared, dark eyes wide and fingers pressed to her lips. A little dismay played her features, a line appearing between her brows when she frowned. \"I may lose my heart?\" she asked through her fingers. Oona grinned, pleased with herself. \"Should it prove too flighty, lady. It could be you resist my charms. But then again… you may not.\" For a time, the girl was silent, staring off into the gently swaying boughs, the lazily humming insects, the occasional diving bird. As she waited, Oona became aware of the warm touch of the sun across her shoulders, where it touched her bare arms and legs. It was a warm day, and made her limbs feel heavy and lazy, but at the same time she felt an odd buzz in her veins, which only seemed to grow as the silence did. Finally Lili flung her hand wide, a sparkling laugh tumbling from her. \"I fear not your snares, Oona-faerie. My heart is not so easily swayed as by a single kiss.\" Her smile still wide, she held her arms out, welcoming to the faerie maid. \"Come, kiss me and see.\" Oona shook her head, her eyes dancing. \"Nay, lady. A faerie but offers her kiss, while the mortal chooses to accept or not. You must kiss me .\" The faerie didn't hold out her arms in welcome as had Lili; she simply stood and watched as the girl came close, the only sign of trepidation in a slight tremor in her step. The mortal was a little taller than she; Oona had to tilt her head slightly to look up into her eyes, to offer up her lips, if Lili would take them. She cupped Oona's cheek, her palm smooth, warm and smelling of buttermilk soap and lavender. She lowered her face to the waiting faerie, and hesitated only when their noses were nearly touching, her breath fluttering over Oona's mouth. Then Lili pressed her lips to Oona's, and a small shiver passed through her. Possibly she had meant to pull away immediately, but such was a faerie's kiss that made disentanglement no easy matter. Once begun, Lili found herself falling into the embrace with the same easy acceptance as a fish slips into a current. Oona, to her own surprise, found her own reaction much the same as the mortal's. She had coaxed many a human to her kiss before, but none had ever been like this. Always before, their kisses would bruise as much as caress, their greed making them careless and rough. But Lili's mouth was all giving softness and generosity. For the first time, it was the faerie that leaned a little into the embrace, seeking more of that smooth lip, that soft cheek beneath her hand. She felt her face grow warm, a heat rising in her ears all the way up to their pointed tips. The buzzing in her blood grew until it was all she could hear. Her belly grew hot, and her head spun, it was as though she had drunk glass after glass of honey wine, its sweetness filling her to her fingers and clinging to her tongue. Her hand, which she had lain on Lili's cheek, slipped down to her throat, and she felt the quickened throbbing of the girl's pulse beneath her fingertips. Against her will, her own heart echoed the eager rhythm, which in turn was passed to her quivering wings. She might have stayed until the owls and the nightingales took up the nighttime songs from their light-loving cousins, and it was when it was Lili who had to break the kiss that she realized just how lost she was. Lili, at least, seemed a little flushed and breathless when she looked into the cobalt depths of Oona's eyes. \"Well,\" she said, reaching for that same playful, bantering tone from before. \"Am I now a captive to the Faerie, to you, Oona?\" She smiled, and it was as though the rest of the world simply fell away in the light of it. \"It could be, Lili,\" she replied, her own voice more breathless than she would have liked. \"Though it may behoove me to make certain.\" \"Oh?\" There was the raise of an eyebrow, and Oona noticed that she had yet to remove her hand. It delighted Oona inordinately to see she had not pulled away, and she smiled. Her own small hand moved to the back of Lili's neck, and she pulled gently as she went up on her toes. \"Surely you could not resist a second one,\" she said, lightly coming up to her lips. Lili gave one breathy laugh before taking Oona's proffered caress. Then, at least, Oona was reassured that if she were lost to this mortal, then at least she had Lili as well. ","Summary":" A/N: Another addition into the Legend fanfiction archives, and – more pointedly – into the Oona/Lil"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Rejection of Darkness","Author":"goblinphantomgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5672795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm really sorry you guys if you read this and think that i have completely butchered the character of the Lord Of Darkness. It's just that i found myself wishing that he and Lilly could be together and knowing that her committing to Darkness would be disattisfying. The only way to have a sort of 'happy ending' for them would be if he changed. This is how i think it would happen. Please enjoy and R&R.; d/s: i own nothing but my own imagination, my heart, my soul and my love. The Rejection of Darkness As he stood in the darkness of his father's domain he wondered why, in the darkness that he had so long sought, he felt restless, unhappy and incomplete. As much as he tried to free those last words from his mind he could not: \"I offer you my heart, my soul and my love.\" \"I could never love the Lord of Darkness.\" The darkness which he had so long desired had deprived him of the only thing he desired more, her heart, her soul, her love. How he longed for her. The feelings which she had evoked in him were those he had never felt before, totally foreign to him. 'Love' He the spawn of the Devil, feeling something so strong and belonging to the light? He recalled how often he had said those words, \"Daylight is my destroyer.\" How he believed them. Now that he truly thought about it, he had never discovered that fact on his own. It had been his Father that had told him such a thing and when he had been exposed to the light, he had not perished but had returned to his father's land. He wondered what she was doing right now. Probably she was sitting with that boy, young, handsome and full of light. Suddenly he felt a great longing to be as that boy had been. He despised the darkness that had deprived him of the woman he loved. \"Lord, bring me into the light!\" he cried out and as he did, he heard his father screaming out in anger. He found himself hurtling through light. He felt his body changing: his skin lightening, his horns beginning to disappear, his hooves becoming feet, the points of his teeth disappearing. Everything suddenly stopped and he found himself staring into a pool. He could not believe it was himself. He looked exactly like a mortal man. His skin was the colour of cream, he had thick, blonde hair, his ears were rounded and upright, his teeth blunt and white, his eyes, brown with round, black pupils. He was barefoot but he wore a white, long sleeve shirt and plain, brown pants. He could hear the sound of the birds and the trees blowing in the wind. He felt comfort with the sunlight upon his back. How long had he deprived himself of this? His Father had deceived him. He should have known he could not trust the father of lies. Suddenly he could hear her voice, singing. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard. He closed his eyes and tried to savour the music that caressed his ears and his soul with sound. He found himself walking towards the sound. His heart stopped as he saw her. She was sitting with that boy, smiling at him, singing to him. He felt a sudden burst of jealousy but nothing to what he would have felt as the Lord of Darkness. Something about him felt different. Like a great weight, a great burden had been lifted from him. \"Princess\" he breathed. Lilly stopped singing and glanced over at him. She appeared to strain as if she recognized him and yet did not. He could understand that. Even his voice had lost some of its booming depth. \"I know you don't I?\" she said slowly. \"You knew me before. I am different now. Because of you.\" Lilly's eyes grew wide as she realized. She looked almost as if she was going to pass out \"Darkness?\" she whispered. Jack stood up and drew a sword up from out of the bushes. \"You leave her alone. I'll kill you like I did before, you leave her alone you monster!\" \"Jack, no\" Lilly reached up and touched his arm pulling him back down beside her but still she gazed at him. Unable to believe the sight she saw. Slowly she got to her feet and walked towards him, never taking her eyes off his face. She slowly reached up and cupped his face in her hand. He closed his eyes at the sheer joy and ecstasy of her touch. When he opened his eyes again, he could see the boy, kneeling, gob smacked. His Princess still held his face, still gazed into his eyes, so very close to him. How he longed to just close that short distance and embrace those sweet lips with his own. \"How did it happen? Why did it happen?\" she asked, still in a dream. \"You could not love me as the Lord of Darkness. I rejected the darkness for the light so that perhaps, you could return my love. I realized what mattered most to me my lady and darkness could not give it to me.\" Slowly, she began to close the distance between them. She put her other hand on his chest and slowly came closer to him. Her lips were inches from his- \"Lilly?\" she stopped and turned to look back at the boy. He looked as if in direst trauma. She looked down at the ground, not wishing to meet the look of betrayal in his eyes. \"I'm sorry Jack.\" Was all she said and then she turned and their lips touched. He felt hot desire burning within him and their lips met and caressed each other's passionately. He could never have imagined such joy. He thought to himself, \"Sunlight is not my destroyer but my maker for in light, I can truly live in love.\" ","Summary":" I'm really sorry you guys if you read this and think that i have completely butchered the character"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"A Shadow in the Light","Author":"captainxbrooks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3889366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] While this is not my first fanfic, it is my first Legend fanfic so be kind. Oh yes, and I do not own Legend... Enjoy! Prologe Darkness… what is darkness? A shadow in the night? The evil in us all? The ruler of all things vial? Darkness is in fact a sad strange creature, misunderstood to all… and that's just how he likes it. But this story is not about Darkness, no… its about something so much more wrong and sickly. This story is of Shadow, the daughter of Darkness, for she committed the strangest of crimes. The most disgusting in his eyes and beautiful in others.This crime would amid a fog even over her, blinding her views on life and death, of what is good and evil. Something that would forever changer her black heart, if she ever had one at all…and with no more delay we move forth to Shadows long journey. I take you to the darkest of all places known, the lair of Darkness. A place evil down to the smallest pebble: blazing with great fires and thick with the aroma of blood, sweat and smoke. This is the home of Shadow. And deep inside the dark, a young woman was preaching to a basin of water. The clearest and coolest of water that would seem out of place in surrounding such as this. A woman with long black locks of hair pulled back in a vine headband, and a voice of wicked seduction. And with this voice she chanted sick hymns, \"Show me the sight! The magical one! The unicorn of light!\" If she could have avoided these airy words, she would have. But the task was there, and could not be held astray. \"Lead to me the heavens! The purest of all who roam the earth!\" With that call, a drop of blood fell to the basin from the eye of Shadow; she squinted down into the blurring water and waited. Ripples appeared at the edges, anticipating another drop, and so it fell: another into the basin from her black eye. The water now swirled in the basin like the forest creatures as they would dance around a glowing fire in the moonlight, and through the ripples an image appeared. Shadow leaned over the basin to watch the image. Two unicorns, trotted up the stream through the forest. The same stream where one of them was abducted last time. Only she was smarter than those fools, she would not be tricked by Gump and Jack, or have the naive sense as that Lily. She was Shadow, raised by Darkness himself, knowledgeable of all that is good and evil, and she would not fail. Shadow cocked her head to one side and stared down at the unicorn in utter discus for such beauty, with a hunger to shoot at it with her arrow. With a last glance she let her finger skim the surface of the water and the image turned once again to clear water. Shadow straightened herself up and wrapped her black tattered cloak around her shoulders. \"Come Hemer!\" She spat as she left the hall followed by a small greasy goblin. The pathways where dark, lit only by the glow of torches. Shadow walked swiftly through the caverns until she came to a pair of think black doors, where she stopped and pushed. They swung open with a loud echoing creak and she walked inside, her destination: before the lord of night, the seat of Satin, Lucifer, the Devil, of Darkness. \"Milord, she said bowing her head in respect. And when he did not speak she looked up. In front of her sat something more monster than man: more dead than alive. His red skin and pointed chin, a fixed gaze, and sharp black horns to his attire. He nodded for her to continue. \"Milord, I have discovered the location of the unicorns they are again found at the stream. I'm sure innocence will drive me there.\" Darkness smiled, \"Good, very good my queen\", He said in a smooth commanding voice. Darkness had found the girl when she was just an infant. She was abandoned and an inch from death, when Darkness founded her. And something about the baby sparked him, he wanted her. So he took the child and raised her to be his queen, daughter, and henchman. His fingers tapped against the arm of his throne chair as he was lost in his thoughts. \"For the time I am too weak to hunt these creatures myself, so I entrust to you the duty. Bring me back the unicorns… alive and well, so we may sacrifice them and regain the power we lost to those forest creatures and the blasted boy, Jack,\" he almost spat the name, as if it was a curse to say it allowed. \"Yes, milord. I take your quest in great honor and I will not fail you,\" Shadow had thought of Darkness more as a boss, her lord, more than a lover, but she would do what was necessary to keep her place. \"I believe you rare words,\" Darkness nodded again and continued, \"But beware those which I have told you, Jack and the elf, Gump, for they are tricky beings.\" \"I will, milord,\" Shadow assured him standing. \"I will blind them with shadow.\" Darkness gave a satisfied smile and beckoned Shadow forward. She did so and he kissed her softly on the forehead, \"Now go, before the unicorns leave the forest.\" He ordered. \"Yes, milord, my love, I go swift,\" And with those words Shadow walked to the door where she was stopped by the sound of Darkness' voice. \"And I've ordered Blix to accompany you,\" He added. Shadow closed her eyes in disgust. No matter how evil that worm was, she had never liked him. His intentions where not loyalty to the night, but for his own sick thirsts for power: he would abandon Darkness if the time came, with out a second thought. But Shadow said nothing and left the room back through the caves, Blix now keeping at her feet. She walked fast just to spite him and mounted her black stallion, Vixen, with such speed Blix was barely able to mount his small horse and keep up. Feeling satisfied with her cruelty Shadow kicked at the horse and rode into the sickening sweet afternoon air of the forest with a mission at hand. ","Summary":" While this is not my first fanfic, it is my first Legend fanfic so be kind. Oh yes, and I do not ow"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Where the Harm Is","Author":"Rabbitprint","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5500174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Where the Harm Is Spoilers. Set during and post movie, director's cut. It is easier now that she has given in; it is easier to let them touch her. Darkness's minions have a thousand faces. There are goblins. There are witchfolk. There are trolls and ghosts and ghasts and hobtailed brutes, and all of them whisper at the edges of her chambers, peering in through cracks in the walls and doors to catch a glimpse of their chosen queen. She allows them to brush out her hair. She allows them to undress her. Leathery fingers stroke her cheeks as she is bathed; leathery giggles pepper the air around her, cooing and fawning over her beauty. Each of them is already currying favor, though she has not yet been crowned. They tell her, again and again, how fine she looks in her bridal gown while they mold it back upon her body. In the distance, the unicorn screams. Through it all, Lili reminds herself, this is just a game. This is a lie. She will free the unicorn, and then fate will do what it must. She does not miss the irony: using deceit as her weapon against Darkness. Back home -- and if that wasn't a thing she never expected to see again, not after a world wrought from ice and frozen time and unicorns screaming, screaming -- Lili surprises them all, all save herself. She insists on betrothal to Jack. She is a princess; it is her prerogative to claim a suitor, though her father is horrified. The common people are torn between pleasure and mortification when the news comes out. The nobility is rife with gossip. Jack smiles when he is told, shyly, but he makes a small jerk away from her hand when she reaches out eagerly towards his face. \"Jack?\" she asks, contrite. \"Do you not love me?\" \"More than anything,\" he answers, catching her fingers and giving her palm a fierce kiss. \"But, Lili, just saying it doesn't make me a prince. Can you be so sure -- \" \"I would rather a mate of my choosing than one forced upon me,\" she interrupts tartly, and regrets it when she sees the flicker of memory disturbing his eyes. In apology, she untangles her hand from his, and traces a whispering touch down his shoulder. \"Would you deny me, Jack?\" \"Lili,\" he says, a little helpless, and she smiles. Before the unicorns, she would have said that she and Jack were of the same element. Both of them were young and innocent and sweet. They should have been twins at heart -- but Jack was clothed in the armor of fairy, elevated as their chosen champion of light. She, in turn, wore gowns of shadow. As much as she hates Darkness and what he would have done to the world with her at fault, Lili still remembers how perfectly the ebony fabrics sculpted themselves to her flesh. She remembers the sweet release of laughter, of surrender, of dancing in wild spirals in front of a stone hearth inferno. A dream, it had seemed, when she first awoke. But the dream refused to vanish. Curiosity led her to ask questions of Jack; one question led to another, and then another, until he could not refuse her pleas. She has no reason to doubt his tale of how he vanquished Darkness. Not when she can still feel a taloned hand upon her face. The knowledge nests inside her. It refuses to be exorcised. Now that it has invaded her awareness, she cannot forget how easily she had fitted into Darkness's realm -- but she might always have been this way. After all, she was the one who ignored Jack's warnings to touch the unicorn. She has lied; she has played tricks on Nell, made haughty demands of her father. She has been proud and vain. She ignored Jack's begging to leave the unicorns alone because she had wanted , and since she had wanted, she had deserved. All was done out of innocence. And Lili had always thought that no harm could come of being innocent, no blame -- that she could not, would not be punished for acts performed with a carefree heart. And she loves Jack, she does, she does. She does. With enough pleading on her part, Jack leaves the forest. She thought she could be disciplined enough to let Jack dwell in peace in the woods, but as Lili grows older, she finds she has less and less time for her afternoon visits. The answer, clearly, is to bring Jack to her. He gathers the few possessions he would call his own: a favorite stick, his shoes, the spent chrysalis of a butterfly. He takes them in his arms and carries them to her castle, shy and skittish and wild. Desire is a powerful thing; Lili knows that Jack belongs with the trees, has said it herself, but she cannot suppress the craving to see him. The forest, however, does not leave Jack. The elf named Gump is the boldest of Jack's fairy allies; he is the only one who scales the walls of the castle gardens, where Jack spends most of his time. There, the two speak in hurried tones. Jack is not hard to find. He sleeps stretched out among the roses. The concept of beds is one that Lili is continuing to wage an uphill battle on with him. She is lucky that he responds well to baths. Gump, she wonders about. Jack told her that the elf was his companion in the fight against Darkness, and she has met Brown Tom herself. She knows now that fairies are real. They may have blamed her at first, but during the attempt to save the unicorn mare, Brown Tom had at least been kind. But whatever forgiveness the elves might have shown her after the unicorn's revival is spent now, frittered away on sins that she didn't even know she committed. Gump does not show himself to her except by accident whenever he is meeting with Jack. For his part, Jack does not volunteer information about what the two of them discuss. Lili only catches snippets, cobbling them into spiderwebs of conversation. She overhears what Jack says to Gump on one of the elf's visitations, picking his way distastefully over mason-hewed stone. Darkness, he says, claimed that he could not be extinguished. Darkness was part of them all. She hears Gump speak words that she cannot string together, lacking context as they come to her like pebbles in a stream. She hears him speak of danger. She hears him speak of entrapment. She hears him mention corruption, and cannot tell if they speak of her. Doubt drives her mad. It turns her petty and waspish. She snaps at the minstrels of the court, at her father. She does not want to be suspicious; she does not want to think anyone would have reason to be suspicious of her. But at night as she lies sleepless in her feathersoft bed, with her suitor sleeping freely under the stars, Lili finds herself tossing and turning. The single candle she leaves flickering on the nightstand provides no solace. Every night, fear creeps in, and she wonders if Darkness was right: that under the skin they were already one. She tries not to remember how easy it was to laugh like broken glass, and smile back when Darkness took her hand. How sweet the dark wine had been. How warm the gown had been on her skin. How comfortable Darkness's chair had been when she finally sat upon it. At night as the single candle burns, Lili remembers running madly through horror after horror, until all her resistance crumbled and she began to see with different eyes. There, in Darkness's realm, she had discovered the sheen of crystal, and the shine of gold nestled in the gloom. Jewels had glistened amidst the soot. Their beauty was made only that much brighter for the disease of their surroundings. Beauty had waited there, past the terror; once she had abandoned her own inhibitions, Lili had discovered intoxication. Some nights, Lili wakes and thinks she is still underground, trapped beneath the Great Tree in halls of twisting stone. She clutches her hands to her chest, feeling her blood pound like a hammer, and wonders crazily if Darkness is festering inside her like a disease. Darkness might come bursting out of her heart, tearing her open, ripping her apart -- only to gather the shreds of her tenderly, in all her disgrace and ruin. She might usher Darkness back into the world, might become Darkness, might have corruption spread through her veins until she bleeds rot and sighs poison. She does not want to be the next threat Jack will fight, but Lili wonders what would happen if she is. Finally, unable to bear it, she confronts Jack. By the time she is done with her questions, spilling over with an insistence that swings between tears and anger, there is something in his eyes that she has never seen before. He looks weary, weary and sad, as if he has been running for a very long time with no rest. Before he answers her, he touches the nearest rosebush; he does not touch her. \"Gump says that we need to be watchful, that not all the dark creatures of the earth are gone. Some may never be vanquished.\" He glances down, shaggy hair falling into his eyes, and Lili is struck by how young he still seems. \"There is a basilisk in the forest. It dwells in a place that the elves cannot go, and where pixies would be overwhelmed. I must help them in this, Lili.\" She gapes at him, horrified. \"Haven't you done enough already, Jack?\" \"They need me to go.\" He hesitates, then leans towards her face, planting a kiss on the side of her cheek. She stares blankly at him, denying his decision wildly, mute. \"I must help protect what is good and pure.\" He comes back smelling of sulphur and blood. She orders tubs of hot water to be brought in to scrub them; he receives them all in the garden, until the soil turns to mud beneath his feet, soaking up the runoff. The servants curse as they slip along the path, lugging the heavy pots. Lili watches the entire spectacle from the safety of a stone path. She hates the fairies suddenly for putting them all in such a situation; she stops short of hating Jack. Jack does not do well in her world -- a place of books and shoes and no scrambling over the tables. Before the announcement of her betrothal, Lili's family had not minded her occasional visits to the country, though they doubtless would have had more to say if they'd realized she'd found love there. Now that she insists on being wed, they have discovered all kinds of faults with her chosen prince. But Jack loves her, so he stays. He loves her, so he tries, and Lili tries not to see the way he looks outside the windows and sleeps on fresh soil, how he fumbles with fork and spoon and flushes uncomfortably under the scrutiny of her father's court. This is a thing that he cannot conquer with a sword, or bow, or clever wit. She cannot be overcome. She is killing Jack as surely as if he wore an alicorn upon his brow, and she was laying her hands all over his body, marking him with her mortal palms. She is killing him. She does not want to let go. It is Gump, ultimately, who breaks the stalemate. He comes to her in the rain. Lili does not think to expect visitors in her bedroom; when she discovers the opened window that is drizzling all over her fine carpets, she blames herself for distraction. She latches it firmly shut, touching the sodden drapes with rue. When she turns around, the elf is there. Gump's chest is boyishly thin; she can see the outline of each rib when he breathes. His ears flare like heron feathers. Without preamble, he parts his lips and addresses her in his strange, gritty voice, each word a thoughtful rasp, like a cat given human tongue -- but not a human heart. \"You must release him, princess.\" Her throat feels tight with fear. \"I told him he was meant to stay in the forest.\" Gump touches the window; it pops open and swings loose as if she had never locked it at all. The storm spills in. \"And a fine order indeed, to be reversed so easily. Might as well be born of spring, to die 'fore the next cold winter.\" \"He loves me!\" she cries, proud, aghast. \"What are you to that? I won't let you have him. I love him. I want him!\" Gump stares at her, lifting his chin just enough that his gaze travels like an arrow down his rounded nose, and Lili remembers suddenly that -- despite his outwards appearance -- he is no child. Gump is ancient with all the trickery of fairykind; he has an animal's mercilessness. \"You wanted something else too upon a time, if I recall.\" As she shrinks back, he advances, one finger jutting directly for her eyes. \"You almost destroyed something once, princess. Don't think you can make that mistake a second time, and come away unscathed.\" The relief in Jack's eyes when she tells him scores her heart as surely as a knife. She voices her decision with her hands shoved into her lap to hide how they tremble. \"It was -- it was a mistake on my part to have you come, Jack.\" Her fingers twist in her skirts. \"I told you that you belonged in the wood. I was right. You should return there. For -- for your own happiness.\" He apologizes. He says things she barely hears. He asks if she is certain. Through the crescendo of despair in her ears, Lili says again and again that he must go; she is deaf with it. Eventually, Jack slips away, saying again his promise one last time against her cheek. I will always be there for you. She closes herself in her quarters for the rest of the day, for the entire week. She pulls shut the drapes. Gloom marches in and makes itself a home. She cannot wed Jack; they are too different now. She learned too much about herself. She learned too much about the things he cannot become. Jack is simple. It was Darkness who had been complex. Darkness had been dangerous, and even as she had cringed before him, she had played the game of lies with him and won. If it had been Darkness there, she would have fenced with him for hours. He would have refused to leave. She would have scorned him. He would have taunted her; she would have laughed, and they both would have been impeccably cruel to one another in equal measure. The sheets of her bed tangle around her legs as she fights her way into sleep. She dreams even when she is awake now, it feels like, suspended between dreams and waking in the half-light of her quarters. She dreams of Darkness revealing himself as the source of all her turmoil, stepping out of her flesh as smoothly as he once had stirred the surface of a mirror, or simply bursting out of her stomach like maggots from a sun-bloated corpse that'd been kicked -- She regains control of herself with an effort. She doesn't know why she was thinking of such things. With renewed determination, she rises from her bed and goes to wash her face. She must accept the facts. Jack is gone. Jack is still gone. Lili is older now. She is no longer a princess; she is a queen. She has had one child dead of the swelling fever that traders brought in from the west. She has had one husband pay the price of allowing those traders free passage. Vengeance did not come at her hands, of course -- she is too innocent of such things -- but she listened at night to certain necessary offers, certain voices that came visiting as she stood shuddering at the window and looked out upon the moonlit world. Lili is a queen. She wears white, red, all colors save the unity of them, always skipping black. The creatures that crawl in supplication around her feet tell her how beautiful she would be while dressed in ebony and pitch, but she ignores their fawning; she is beautiful already. Her windows are sheathed in iron. The fairies do not bother her anymore. Out in the vastness of her wood, there exists a hero: a creature pure and filled with light. It takes a certain kind of bait to attract that type. Such perfection does not come readily to mortal hands; Lili knows this fact well. No matter. She has a daughter, sweet and fair. Her daughter sounds like magic when she sings. Lili has made certain to teach her perfectly. Lili knows the rules of such beings; she will have what she desires. ","Summary":" Where the Harm Is Spoilers. Set during and post movie, director's cut. It is easier now that she ha"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Happily Ever After","Author":"clickytheclickster2.0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7128016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Happily Ever After \"...Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or Bends with the remover to remove. O, no! It is an ever-fixed mark, That looks on tempests and is never shaken. It is the star to every wandering bark, whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.\"- William Shakespeare O nce upon a time, there was a forest boy named Jack who fell in love with a beautiful princess named Lili. Almost every day, they would run together through the magical forest happily lost within each other's deep love. One dark day however, Lili was taken by goblins and dragged to the underworld, with only Jack left to save his beloved from eternal darkness. That legend was then, happily only known as a bad dream to those who lived it. Now however, the forest is going to be transformed by another major event yet again…the wedding of Jack and Lili, the day that light finally triumphed over darkness. \"You look breath taking my lady!\" beamed Lili's lady in waiting as she helped her mistress put on her delicate white lace veil. Looking in the mirror one last time, Lili still could not believe this day was finally here! All that was left to do was meet Jack at the altar, and their lifetime of happiness would begin. Yet despite all the cheerfulness around her, she could not help but feel a twinge of sad memories flood into her mind. It felt only like yesterday to her that she was in the underworld, trapped in a maze of goblins, devils, and blinding hellfire. As she stared at her reflection, Lili recalled the last time she looked into a mirror this deeply. Instead of white and silver she wore black, and her hair was contorted into a bun instead of a cascade of loose curls. Most importantly she looked like an entirely different person, replaced by a dark and sinister shadow of her former self. If it wasn't for Jack and his courage, her fate would have been dramatically bleaker. No matter how many pleasant reflections look back at her now and in the future, she would never forget how Darkness himself stared at her through the glass. At that moment of realization she blinked back tears not of pain from what could have been, but of relief from what will forever be….peace. Finally perfectly dressed, Lili took from her maid the bouquet of wild flowers that she picked herself the day before. Breathing in its sweet nostalgia, it was as if she held the entire magical forest in her grasp and all the memories it came with, both grand and treacherous. Suddenly she could hear the orchestra begin to lightly play right outside her room… It was time. As the maid took Lili's long train of white silk she stopped in front of two, tall oak and cast iron doors waiting for her queue. Meanwhile, on the other side of the doors stood Jack at the altar, anxiously awaiting the arrival of his princess. Touching the deceivingly heavy but small gold crown on his head, he almost forgot that he had been recently crowned prince by Lili's father the king. One moment he was a simple boy of the forest, and next he is known throughout the land as sole prince of the land. He shifted uncomfortably in his newly made wedding garb, not used to such finery. Wearing a white velvet tunic threaded with gold on the sleeves, he glanced down at the custom made crest that was sewn into the left breast of his shirt. It portrayed a prancing unicorn on its hind legs ready to strike, with the North Star placed on the tip of its horn. Staring at the crest reminded Jack of that ominous day the world almost lost sunlight. Yet despite the horrible tragedy, he promised himself that he would avenge not only the death of the unicorn but also find his beloved caught in the clutches of an eternal nightmare. Impulsively he placed his hand on his gold sword for security, as more memories came and went. Remembering the abyss and the many almost near death moments, it was hard to even fathom how he and his magical friends survived such a feat of bravery. Most men would have backed down from such a quest, let alone a boy of his age. Yet he knew throughout all the turmoil, that with Lili as his guiding North Star nothing would deter him from victory. With his long hair tied back in a white ribbon, he felt the gentle breeze of the nearby forest winds graze his neck and shoulders like an angel's touch. It must have been some fairy's doing at that moment, because as if like magic all his daunting memories faded away. For a tranquil moment Jack peered up at the clear blue sky above him and closed his eyes, very thankful that the ceremony was taking place in the outside courtyard of a church, instead of a grand stained glass cathedral. Of course very unorthodox for royalty, but it was perfect for them nevertheless. Hearing the guests start to stand for the arrival of the bride, Jack turned his gaze to the two oak doors which gracefully opened to reveal Lili in her full elegant splendor. As she walked on pink rose petals down the aisle, he could not help but stare. On her head was a white gold tiara that was draped over by her lace veil that fell just below the shoulders. Her brown hair was dotted with pearls that shined like stars. The brightest star of them all however was located at the center of her delicate silver headpiece, the North Star. Jack thought she looked like a moon goddess. Lilli's long, white velvet dress was just as delicate with silver flowers on the sleeves to match his gold. On her feet she wore glass slippers that shined in the sunlight like a rainbow of colors. What this a vision from heaven or the princess he had always known? Despite Lili's calm appearance on the inside she was everything but. Gripping the bouquet tightly she could feel that all eyes were on her. Keeping her eyes fixed on Jack she could not help but smile and blush, taken aback that he embodied the sun itself in his gold threaded attire and crown. Truly…the brightest star had found its brightest equal at last. In the distance she could see the forest stand witness to their union; At one point Lili thought she saw many of her friends appear at the edge of the trees. Some smiling, others crying tears of joy. The elf Gum, Oona the fairy, and even the two dwarves Brown Tom and Screwball were not that far from the ceremony. She would never forget the help that they gave, even risking their lives for the sake of the forest and the human friends that inhabited it. Despite their emergence from the forest in front of her, strangely the guests and even Jack were unaware of their presence. Even though everyone couldn't see them, she knew from past experience dealing with magic that they could easily see them. \"You look absolutely radiant\" Jack whispered to Lili quietly as she met him at the altar. As the priest said his verses and prayers Prince Jack and Princess Lili looked into each other's eyes as if it was the first time they met. At one point the priest even had to interrupt their stare to exchange vows. As Jack gave Lili her wedding ring, he promised silently not only to God but also his heart that nothing would ever happen to her again, and that forever in his arms she would remain. Not a moment after, when Lili gave Jack his wedding ring, she promised silently not only to God but also her heart that she would stay safely by his side, and that forever in her arms he would remain… And with \"I do\" they both lived happily and blissfully forever after. Author's Note: So what did you think? This is my first one-shot and feedback is greatly appreciated. To be honest I am surprised how quickly I wrote this story, one day I watched the movie and the day after I finished this story. Its interesting to see how once your imagination gets hold of something, it can inspire you so quickly. :) Anywho TTFN fellow readers/writers/curious souls, ~Clicky ","Summary":" Happily Ever After \"...Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or Bends with the r"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Les Légendes","Author":"Xmiss-roxyX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4014876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nous étions en 1928, le 31 octobre. Chaque soir, Moi, Hayden nous nous rejoignons a notre point de rencontre.J'étais assit sur les roches autour du feu, il faisait froid et noir ce soir. L'hiver approchait et la température nous le démontrait Au bout de l'entrée deux jeunes hommes discutaient. Les deux jeunes hommes traversent un sentier tortueux. De chaque côté il y avait des cailloux Hayden et Handy regardaient au loin, ils voyaient déjà une lumière brillante qui était d'une couleur orangé.Hayden regarda sa montre qui indiquait 12h20Les trois jeunes était tous installés sur une roche et discutaient longuement. Emeric lui démontrait qu'il n'avait aucun soupçon de peur. Hayden lui, était habitué et contait des légendes urbaines les plus effrayante, cela le fascinait beaucoup. Pour Handy c'était la première fois, il écoutait attentivement les légendes, mais on voyait qu'il démontrait beaucoup de peur Au bout de quelques secondes un bruit énorme se fit entendre derrière une des tombes. Emeric se leva de sa roche et avança tranquillement. Il arriva proche de la tombe et quelque chose lui attrapa les mains. Emeric sursauta, une jeune femme blonde sort de sa cachette. - Vous avez bien l'air à vous amusez les trois jeunes hommes étaient trop impressionnés pour laisser sortir un mot de leur bouche - si vous voulez vraiment avoir peur, chaque année a bloodcity une ville à la campagne , des anciennes légendes qu'on conte reviennent à la surface et redevienne réalité Hayden s'avança de la jeune fille impressionné - On va y aller, on va montrer que ces histoires la ses même pas vrai Répondu Emeric - je viendrais avec vous, si vous le désirer Dit la jeune femme. Arrivé à bloodcity, les jeunes débarquaient de l'automobile. Sasha la jeune femme leur montra l'endroit où ils allaient dormir. Peu de temps après elle disparut Emeric, Hayden, Handy étaient couchés à la belle étoile dans une foret. Tous les trois étaient épuisés et réussissent à s'endormirent. Quelques heures plus tard le soleil se leva, les rayons du soleil éclaira les jeunes et les réveilla. Ce matin il faisait particulièrement froid. Hayden décida d'aller chercher du bois dans la foret. Cela faisait déjà deux heures et hayden n'était toujours pas revenue. Les deux jeunes décidèrent donc daller en pleine foret. Par étonnement il trouve hayden suspendu en forme de croix sur l'arbre. - Les gars vous êtes enfin là, Ya des personnes je crois ils ont réussient à m'attraper. Après ca, ils tournaient à l'entour de l'arbre et me criait des injures. Je vous dis les gars cette foret est bizarre Dit Hayden - C'est tres spécial, mais on ne connaît pas la ville et encore moins les gens, je crois qui ne faut pas s'en faire. répliqua Emeric Le soir ont avaient allumé un feu et Sasha est venu nous rejoindre. - Emeric, si tu veux je peux aller te montrer quelque chose Dit Sasha - Sa dépend ce que tu veux me montrer dit Emeric - l'autre côté de la foret il y a un cimetière, plusieurs personnes vont se conter des histoires de peurs dans la chapelle funéraires. répondit Sasha une heures plus tard nous étions entrés dans la chapelle. Sasha nous avait expliqué que si on voulait vraiment voir une légende urbaine tout le monde qui écoutait la légende comté devait entrer dans un cercueil en béton. Tous les trois ont avaient peur mes était prête a tous pour voir le rêve ou plutôt leur cauchemar se réaliser. Sasha commençais à compter l'histoire. Un grincement ce fit entendre, le cercueil de Emeric se referma d'un coup sec après le faible bruit . Le jeune homme cria de toutes ses forces. Après quelques minutes, on entendait plus aucun sont, seulement des ricanements qui sonnaient sourd dans le cercueil. Le jeune homme cria une dernière fois et le cercueil s'ouvra. - Pourquoi vous riez il n'a rien de drôle répondit Emeric Les autres jeunes lui avaient joué un tour, car habitude Emeric toujours de Hayden car il est peureux. Il faisait sombre dans la chambre d'Emeric, il se réveilla en sursaut et remarqua que toute cette histoire était un rêve. Le jeune homme voulut s'étirer le bras mes quelque chose le bloquait. Une sorte de texture froide et dur, il regarda autour de lui tout était noir et il n'avait aucune espace. C'est alors que Emeric sort une dernière phrase - La légende était donc vrai, je me suis faite attraper par la mort ","Summary":" Nous étions en 1928, le 31 octobre. Chaque soir, Moi, Hayden nous nous rejoignons a notre point de "},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Fierce and Free","Author":"Patricia de Lioncourt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4966181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- This drabble—as it will probably be—has been years and years in the making. Well, I'm finally going to get it out there. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer- I don't own Legend, it belongs to MCA Universal. This applies to all chapters. Let me apologize to begin with Let me apologize for what I'm about to say But trying to be genuine was harder than it seemed --Linkin Park, \"In Between\" Fierce and Free Silence. A heavy, thick silence had fallen between them. Although both Children of the Forest spent day and night with each other…neither spoke to the other. Oona dared not make the first move, ashamed, in her heart, that she had kept her secret from Gump…her oldest friend. And Gump, presumably, was still angry with her. They were in their home, sitting quietly like most their evenings anymore. Oona was in her \"big\" form, as she called it. She was not taunting him…she simply found it more comfortable. It was nice…having a form viewable to others. But Gump glared at her from his seat in front of their simple fireplace. Their home was an enchanted, hollowed-out tree. It was rather quaint, with a cozy fireplace and wooden furniture designed to look like acorns. She was sitting cross-legged on the small couch across from Gump. She sighed, pushing her wild hair back. She missed their conversations. She missed him confiding in her. But she knew she didn't deserve such a privilege anymore. She lost that in refusing to confide in him . She stood, about to leave the home, sick with the tenseness covering the room. Anger is no way for a fairy to live. \"Where are you going, Oona?\" Gump said, causing her to jump. She turned from her place at the doorway. \"I thought you did not wish me here, Gump. I was going to make myself scarce.\" Gump stood. In this form, her friend barely reached above her waist. He crossed his arms over his bare chest. \"We are bonded, you and I. What have I ever said to make you think to leave, Sprite?\" She sighed, stepping back away from the door. She found the strong temptation to shrink herself and fly away into the night. There was a time she viewed him as \"master.\" Now, with her sudden increase in form, this was no longer. However, she still found it hard to say the words she often longed to say. Gump growled in aggravation at her quiet. He put his back to her, waving his hand violently in dismissal. \"Leave, then.\" She felt the anger, the sadness, and the resentment well up in her. It burst, birthed into form, from her mouth. \"I was simply following my heart, Gump! A fairy's heart beats—\" But Gump interrupted her. \"Fierce and free. I remember. That gives you no right to hide such a power from me!\" Oona took another determined step forward. \"Why can't I? Be I your slave? I thought…I thought if I showed it to you…you would reject me as your bonded one!\" His eyes widened, and Oona clapped a dainty hand over her mouth. She had not meant to reveal herself in such a manner. The Forest Elf stood and approached his fairy. \"Oona, I could never reject you. Not even when my heart filled with anger. I thought that you did not want me to know because you no longer wished to be my bonded one.\" Oona slumped to her knees, holding her face level with Gump's. She wrapped herself around him and fought crying into his shoulder. \"I'm so sorry! I would never leave you, Gump. Please, never doubt that in me ever again.\" Gump smiled and hugged Oona back. \"Never. You have my word.\" Oona stood and sniffled a bit, a result of her hidden tears. Gump smiled awkwardly up at her. Then, he rushed and produced his flute, offering to play for her. She nodded, and, once the rhythm got going, she began to dance for him, as she had only done before in her small form. It pleased her to finally be able to show him the intricate moves of this dance. And it pleased her to know that silence would never fall between the two again. End Notes: Well, I hope that wasn't too pointless. Just a little bit of fluff. Please review! ","Summary":" A/N- This drabble—as it will probably be—has been years and years in the making. Well, I'm finally "},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Succumb","Author":"Thyme In Her Eyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4534089","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Succumb by Thyme In Her Eyes Author's Note: My first Legend fanfic, and of course it absolutely had to be a Darkness/Lily piece. Enjoy, and please remember that all feedback is appreciated. Oh, and obviously I don't own these characters, but everyone already knows that. -- SUCCUMB -- The moment she allowed her hand to rest upon the unicorn, she touched him . It was a touch that awoke, beguiled and inspired, and for her crime she will dance and feast with him until the end of all days to come. He devours her soul first, then entertains dreams of devouring her body with his own. She cannot possibly understand it yet, for she is still quite the innocent creature, but it is truth. There are truths in all his words. The seeds are there, and they are growing. No matter what the outcome of this night may be, they will always grow. His mouth stretches into a smile and a gratified chuckle rumbles deep within him; he has already won. His power is growing within her. He feels this, and pleasure and desire knot tight and hot behind his smile. The seed of her sin blooms, and even as she shuts her ears and her heart to him, the seed finds plentiful nourishment in her. He frightens and appalls her and is loathsome to look upon for one as unknowing as she, but even as she quivers in horror, shrieks denials, and tries so desperately to swallow her disgust in order to face him, something within him calls to her and beckons her near. She dares not look inside herself, for he is there. Her own heart is monstrous to her. And he sees. Much time may pass before she finally understands this, but that night will come. It will find her and he will be waiting within it. She fails to see it, but she becomes a more fitting bride for him even as she plots a way of escaping him forever and delivering the world from his horrific touch. She tries so very hard, and her corruption is beauty itself. She cannot yet understand that in scheming to resist and overthrow him, she only proves that he can never be overcome. He is already a part of her and they are now mated. Before Darkness touched her, the thought of true hate could bring tears to her eyes. Now she clings to her hatred of him, allowing it to fill her soul and burst out in screams of refusal. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, remorse and uncertainty were enough to undo her actions and plans before she even carried them out. Now she twists and reshapes her own nature, forcing herself to become ice and steel as she denies and hides every true feeling. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, she was sincerity itself. Now she charms and flatters, knowingly luring him to his undoing and ultimate doom. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, all lies were hateful to her. Now she embraces manipulation and deception, and crafts weapons from them. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, she was all kindness and gentleness. Now her words drip with scorn and disgust, and she revels in them and the power they offer her. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, she knew compassion and charitably proffered it to all beings who crossed her path. Now she knows who her enemy is, and refuses to let herself forget it. All for good. Before Darkness touched her, words of love moved her heart. Now she cradles cynicism and distaste, and hugs them to her own soul tight. All for good. So much corruption lies inside her now, and all for the sake of good. When the moment comes, she raises her weapon, gathers all of her strength fueled by sunlight and sin, and delivers the treacherous, sublime blow he always knew would come. She thinks of the sun and her friends and uses their light and warmth to scorch her own weakness as she drives the blade down with all her might. She imagines now that she has broken the chains which shackle the world to a demon like him, and he allows her to continue believing this as he strikes her. Deep within, far beneath his rage, hideous laughter roars. She has sacrificed far more than she thinks. For good, she betrays his trust and devotion. For the sake of the light, she rends his heart and spits on his love for her. She is a saviour, a hero, a true champion of the light. And from now on, she will always be his. In the time it takes for a dagger to descend, it is done. She conquers Darkness, and succumbs to him completely. -- FIN -- ","Summary":" Succumb by Thyme In Her Eyes Author's Note: My first Legend fanfic, and of course it absolutely had"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"One of Us","Author":"Shizuka no Taisho","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5172784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fornsome reason, I was out of the blue struck with the longing to watchnLegend, which I hadn't watched in over a year, and my attention wasnimmediately drawn to the scene One of Us, where Lily is entranced bynDarkness. That has always been my favorite scene (other than the onesnfeaturing Lily and Darkness himself) and, while I was watching it, Inwas hit with inspiration; to write a one-shot describing what I thinknmight have been Lily's thoughts during this scene. Inhope this will be an enjoyable read for you, and an interesting onenas well. And please, try to remember: this is my opinion of whatnLily's thought might have been. Just keep that in mind, and enjoynthe story! Disclaimer:nI do not own Legend, or the title. Both belong to the creators, thenlucky bastards. The only things I own are some pens, a few notebooks,na closet full of clothes, and the overall theme of this fanfic. Sonplease don't sue me J ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Shencould hear the whispers echoing around her, a seductive purr thatnstirred a fire within her being. Such a sensation was unsettling tonher; she'd never before experienced the strange feelings nownchurning inside her, just as her blood had never been so warm, hernskin never craving a touch she knew she shouldn't want. But here,nin this forsaken place, with blazing fires casting shadows across hernskin and hair…she couldn't bring herself to care. It was as ifnall of the worries had slipped from her mind, leaving only a hungrynlonging for someone's…something's fiery embrace. She could allnbut feel the smooth flesh that would touch her own, the claws thatnwould rip away her tattered dress and stroke her until she quiverednand moaned. \" Winnher…..\" Lilyngasped. There was the voice again! Was it darkness? Glancingnaround the room, her vision blurred by sticky strands of chocolatencolored hair, Lily searched for the voice's master, but found none.nShe felt frightened, unsettled, but was more so for knowing it wasnnot the voice she feared. It was the longing that the dark whispersncreated within her that she was afraid of. And here, trapped in thisnglittering room with its towering pillars and hellish fires, Lilynknew she was at the voice's mercy. She was at her own mercy. Ansudden urge began to overtake her, a gentle pull coming from hernright. Lily felt her lips tremble as she turned and saw the silverndais decorated with cascades of jewels and delicate goblets andnpitchers of wine, the silver and diamonds glowing in the light castnby golden flames. A gilded mirror hung over the table, and Lily foundnherself longing to see her reflection within its polished surface,nthough why she didn't know. It seemed to beckon to her, as did thentable, the glittering jewels and shining silver craving her touch,njust as she desired the stranger's caress that enflamed her bloodnand haunted her mind the longer she remained within the darkenednroom. \" Charmnher….\" Hernfeet seemed to have a mind of their own, for Lily began to walkntowards the table, while a gentle tinkling, like that of a bellnblowing in the summer's breeze, danced around her, its music softnand unusually beautiful. The floor felt like silk to her tired feet,nand it caressed them when she walked, as if knowing of her plight.nBut that was absurd….how could the floor knownshe was so tired? \" Seducenher….\" Shenwas at the table and her hands were already reaching for the lid of ansilver box before Lily even realized what she was doing. She tried tonstop herself, but her fingertips grazed the lid and there was nonresisting. Lily had to touch it, the see what was within the polishedncase. Slowly, a desperate edge gnawing at her heart, Lily lifted thenlid and nearly gasped; there were necklaces of silver and diamondnpiled upon each other in the box, winking softly in the light. Hernheart pounded within her chest as she grasped a massive strand ofndiamonds and lifted it out of its silver confines, each gem casting anrainbow reflection over her hands. The tinkling of bells grew louder,nbeckoning her, and Lily gently began to lower the necklace to hernthroat. More frightening than the allure of the gems was that shencould actually imagine herselfnwearing the necklaces and bracelets. It was becoming more pronounced,nthis image, and Lily felt her lips curve into a smile as she glancedninto the mirror she'd earlier seen and saw her reflection gazingnback at her. Hernface was smudged with dirt, as was her hair, but a sparkle shonenwithin her eyes, and there was a mysterious air lingering around her,nand that of her image. Suddenly, the girl within the mirror rippled,nand a dazzling maiden wearing a radiant smile replaced her. Lilyncould still see herself in the twisted mirror, but it was as if hernface were nothing more than a shimmering mask, one that was barelynvisible compared to that of the extraordinary beauty dressed innflowing silk staring back at her. Diamonds seemed to be imbedded innher flesh, giving it the palest of glitter, though Lily knew the girlnwithin the polished surface could have all the jewels she wanted.nThey would cover her wrists, her throat, would dangle from her earsnand twinkle on her fingers. But always more tantalizing than thenjewels was the beauty herself, with her ivory skin and full, blacknpainted lips, and a graceful neck made more so by the silken collarnthat surrounded her face in its glittering folds. Thencreature within the mirror was a being of darkness, one born of thennight. And she was beautiful. But, more astounding than the girl'snattractive face was that Lily knew she couldnbe that beautiful. She could be the one to wear such fine silks, tonhave her throat and ears hung with jewels, much like the ones in hernhands. She could be the one to have those gentle hands caressing hernwaist, tangling in her hair…it could be her bodynthat the claws with their razor tips would trace, ever so soft acrossnher skin and neck….. Breathingna soft sigh, she lowered the necklace even more, while her consciencencried and the lady within the mirror smiled. But, before the strandncould touch her skin, Lily sensed something behind her, its aurancasting an uneasiness over her. She felt that she should run, dropnthe necklace and flee, but she couldn't bring herself to donanything but turn and face the creature that had caused such anstrangeness to overcome her. Lilyngasped and reeled away from the table. There was…something, anfigure dressed in a tattered, clinging dress of black silk, with anhigh collar Lily was sure she'd seen somewhere. Music seemed tonfloat around the creature, and it danced to the gypsy-like tune, itsnbody twirling across the floor, the silk of its sleeves and skirtnfluttering around it like a cloud. Stumblingnbackwards, Lily trembled when her back met the warm stone of anpillar, and all the while the twirling figure came closer, it'snblack covered face glittering like the diamonds she'd just hadndraped across her hands. As it danced a languid path towards her,nLily noticed a stirring within her chest, a pull that tried to drawnher towards the graceful figure. She wrapped her arms around hernmiddle, trying to block the sensation, but to no avail. And it came closer, its slippered feet gently gliding across the floor, andnLily breathed tiny gasps and trembled harder when the figure stoppednand seemed to stare at her, the pull drawing her to it growingnstronger. \" Makenher one of us….\" Thenwhisper cut through the music, and Lily's heart pounded harder asnthe thing began to dance again. It moved with its arms outstretched,nthe streaked silk flaring out behind it like tattered wings, and itndanced in tiny circles, moving steadily closer until Lily could seenevery inch of the surprisingly beautiful gown draping its slendernfigure, as well as the diamond sash coming down over its shoulder.nStrangely enough, Lily longed to see herself in that dress. Anhand came out of nowhere and appeared before Lily's face, thengloved fingers a hair's breath from her skin. Shuddering, Lilynclosed her eyes, anticipating the touch. When it didn't come, shenwas tempted to lean into the glove, which she knew would be as softnas it looked, but the fear lurking within her held her back, made herncollapse against the stone column in chance of avoiding such a touch.nThe creature seemed to sense her distress, for it twirled away andnLily thrusted open her eyes, watching the thing with a sicknfascination. Oh, but to dance with such a graceful thing…! Lilynknew she shouldn't feel such a way, but watching it dance made hernyearn to join it, just as the gems had entranced her with theirnbeauty, making her want to drape them over her throat. She wanted tonsee if she could be as graceful as the thing draped in the delicatensilks, and she wanted to feel those gloved hands grasp her own,npulling her out onto the floor and into the ethereal ballet it wasnperforming, for what she understood was her benefit. Asnquickly as it had gone away, the thing came back, and Lily gasped asna gloved hand ghosted over her face, just like before. A cool breezenseemed to radiate from the creature's palm, giving her cheek andnnose a quiet relief from the suffocating heat, and then it began tonebb away. When its hand drew back, Lily's eyes fluttered closed,nthe tingling sensations flooding her body growing stronger. Lettingnout a breathy sigh, she fell away from the pillar and went onto thenfloor, all but throwing herself into the center of the thing'snwaltz. Oncenshe was standing within the circular path it had created, Lily wasnhorrified at herself. What was wrong with her? Was she succumbing tonthe darkness? Yes,nshe was. Lily was certain of that, just as she was sure that beingnhere, in the darkness' palace…it gave her the oddest sense ofnrelief. She was freer than she had ever been before…and would benmore so if she would only dance with the being floating around her.nWhether those were her own thoughts, or those of the dancer, Lilyncouldn't bring herself to care. All she wanted was but to twirlnwith it, to let it carry her across the floor. She wanted to wrapnherself in those gilded clothes, to drape her neck with the diamondsnshe had admired. Lilynsaw the creature out of the corner of her eye, and, when it threw annarm over her head in a faint embrace, she fell into the touch,nthrowing herself into the very dance itself. They twirled around eachnother for a moment, never touching but coming closer with everynpirouette, and then Lily gave herself fully into the creature'snembrace, all thoughts of uncertainty and fear vanishing from hernmind. Even the weight that had hung heavy on her heart ever since thenunicorn's capture seemed to melt away, and Lily smiled, lettingnherself soak in the remarkably free sensation. Tanglednhairs fell over her face as she waltzed with the masked being, itsngrip on her hand steady, the hand on her waist loose, yet oddlynassuring. Her smile grew wider, and Lily felt her heart soar as theyncame to the fireplace; the flame's heat no longer seared her flesh.nEven the grotesque statues flanking the fireplace, which she had atnfirst seen as gruesome, were now not as terrifying. If anything, theynharbored a strange kind of beauty, one that was like that of the girlnin the mirror. Thenhand in hers released, but Lily didn't stop dancing. Her body movednon with an unnatural grace, her feet carrying her over the floor inntiny steps, while her arms flared out from her body, mimicking thensilk clad dancer. The ragged ends of her dress hit her legs as shenmoved, but Lily didn't care. She imagined them to be the silk thatnthe being dancing behind her wore, that the lady in the mirror hadnworn, and her naked wrists, which were dirt stained and bruised, werengarbed in bracelets of diamond and silver. She was the most gorgeousnthing to grace the earth, and darkness would fall to her every wish,nready to wait on her hand and foot. And it would be her body that would fall to the silken touches. Lilynshuddered; the image was vivid in her mind, but only when she whirlednaround and saw the figure coming towards her did she realize; thengirl she had seen in the mirror. It was her! That face, which hadnbeen so beautiful …itnbelonged to her. The freedom, which Lily could sense the girlnpossessed, was to be hers. All she had to do was surrender to thendarkness…to him… Lilynsmiled and threw her arms wide. Let Darkness come! She would welcomenit. Tatterednsleeves fluttering, the figure glided closer and opened its arms.nLily sighed and all but fell into the hold, her vision going dark asnblack silk swallowed her up and wafted over her skin. A fiery tinglenof goosebumps careened down her arms and back, and her legs tremblednas she fell forward, ready to fall onto the ground. But, instead hernfeet touched the sparkling floor and she did an elegant pirouette,nher arms above her head and gently bent. Shenfelt…different. Freer, wilder, as if all of her inhibitions hadndisappeared. She no longer felt the fire on her skin, which was nownsmoother than satin and the color of purest alabaster. Her nails werenperfectly shaped, long fingers curled as she threw her arms out andngrabbed her silken skirt, holding it aloft around her legs. Legs, shennoted, that were clad in an odd fabric that made them appear longer,nmore slender. Lily felt her lips curl up at the corner into a smirk,nand she did another twirl, her skirt flapping around her legs. But,ninstead of tattered linen, she felt silk against her flesh, and itnmade her sigh. Her feet carried her into another wide circle, andnLily's eyes narrowed when she saw a giant mirror standing at hernside, her reflection dancing in the polished surface. It was justnlike the image she had seen before; the girl within the mirror wasnbedecked in diamonds, with flesh like polished alabaster, and herneyes glimmered as she twisted and swirled, glittering silk flowingnlike wings around her. Pullingnher arms close, Lily stopped before the mirror and admired thenreflection… her reflection. She was a creature of darkness reborn, the night beingnher dwelling where she resided and ruled. It was in the dark that shenwould now thrive, that she could finally possess the one thing she'dnwanted above all else; freedom. It was hers. Thenmirror's surface shone, but then started to ripple, as if waternwere cascading down it. Lily frowned, watching her image bendistorted, and then her eyes flew wide in terror when a loud sparkingnkind of screech echoed throughout the room, and a mottled red-blacknhand with razor like talons came out of the mirror, its surfacenstained with glitter. Lily gasped, jumping back. It was darkness! Shencould feel it in her heart; the thing coming out of the mirror wasndarkness, the master of the night. For faeries sake, what had shenbeen thinking?! Those clawed fingers were the things she'd wantednto caress her body?! That moist red skin was what she had wanted tonglide over hers…with its gleaming coat resembling warm oil? Lilynstruggled to push the images out of her mind, but all she could thinknof was how that flesh would feel against hers. Herndoubts had disappeared, and with it, her very essence of purity.nPurity that would have kept such thoughts away. Lily felt her throatnclose, choked gasps falling from her lips. Freedom, was it trulynworth it? She now belonged to a demon, an animal, who's searingnyellow gaze locked with hers as he fully emerged from the mirror, hisnbody easily towering over hers. It made her weak at the knees, evennas her stomach writhed with disgust. She'd been wooed by the devil,nand, worse, she had accepted his advances! Shenwas damned. And it was his hands that would caress her, gentle yetnpossessive, just as those claws would rip at her clothes and tracenthe planes of her paled skin. Lilynlet out a final gasp, and felt herself fall to the ground, her backnhitting the dirt with a dull thud. It terrified her, but what hernmind was telling her; it was the truth. Her worst fears had come tonlife, and with it, her dreams. Lily shuddered, and let the blacknessnenvelop her with welcoming arms, the nightmare standing before hernvanishing as her eyes fluttered closed. Shenwas one of them now, wasn't she? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Wow.nThis only took me four hours to write. That's the shortest amountnof time I've ever spent on a one-shot. Then again, it is kindanshort, and I did get a little obsessive, so I guess it makes sense. Anyway,nI hope you guys enjoyed reading Onenof Us ,nand hopefully I didn't totally waste your time. If I did, then Inapologize, but oh well. You clicked on it, not me J If you did enjoy it, however, then let me know in a review, and ifnyou have any constructive criticism, then make sure to do the same! Sayonaraneverybody! Shizukanno Taisho ","Summary":" Fornsome reason, I was out of the blue struck with the longing to watchnLegend, which I hadn't watc"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Dreams of Betrayal","Author":"Queen Serenity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4134432","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dreamsnof Betrayal bynSere McFall It seems my mind isnnot my own anymore. Whenever I let my guard down… whenever Insleep… it betrays me. Over and over again, it betrays me. I remember when Infirst woke to sunlight streaming once more on my face… I knew innthat moment that Darkness had been defeated, that Jack had defeatednhim somehow. The relief wasnindescribable… I had not known whether or not he could be overcome. But at night…nwhen I have to sleep… then I enter a world where things wentndifferently. In the dreams, Infind my lord (and that is how I think of him there) and love waitingnfor me, and I am eager to be in his arms. When he presentednhimself to me, spoke to me, I did not try to fight it… I could notndeny him, for I knew there would be no point. I could see thatnmy lord was one who would have what he wanted, and the truth was,nwhen I looked inside myself, I could see a dark desire, a need fornhim. I slew the unicorn,nfor I knew it would please him. And it was then that Jack andnthe faerie folk attacked, too late, far too late… Darkness was, atnthe mare's death, instantly more powerful, and he and his minionsneffortless defeated Jack and the others. The only one whonsurvived was Jack, for it was my lord's will for Jack to be chainednup and tortured… for him to be kept alive to see that I was nonlonger his. That was the onlynway I have gone against Darkness. I snuck down to the dungeonsnat one point and cut Jack's throat, putting him from his misery.nThere were enough flickerings of caring for him for me to give himnthat much. I did not bothernhiding what I did, for I knew my lord could not stay angry with me…nand I was right. I am the only one who would have survivedndoing a thing such as that. In the dreams, Infeel an utter and complete satisfaction and happiness in being at hisnside, as his bride and dark queen. I am his wholly andncompletely, but I also know he is mine… Before me, he did not knownhe was capable of feeling such things, but he does indeed love me.nThe passion we hold for each other is unmatchable. These are my dreamsnthat I have at night. I awake in the mornings and am left withna deep feeling of longing, and I have to fight to keep those feelingsnback. Darkness is gone,ndefeated, and that is how I wanted it. Is it not? The thing whichnbothers me most about the dreams is this… When I met Darkness,nafter waking from my short faint, I felt something that I recoilednat, something that I had to deny. I truly had wanted him, and Incould not fathom the reason. His looks, his very self, shouldnhave been repulsive to me, but in truth they were not. \"I have found myntrue mate, and you know it.\" These were the words which henspoke to me. And deep down inside, I truly had known it. If it had been onlynmy own soul, my own innocence at stake I would not have been able tonresist him. But sunlight, warmth, and simply any chance thatnthe world as a whole has at happiness… I could not give these up. I cannot help butnwonder if he is really gone… if I could bring him back, if I couldnhave him, would I? I do not know. QS: It's been anlong time since I've been able to write anything, and this wasninspired by a dream. Should I perhaps make it into a fullnstory? I'll try toncontinue my other stories… I've been so uninspired. If younguys really want me to continue those or make this into a real fic ornwhatever, just come over to my forum here on and post there.n:) ","Summary":" Dreamsnof Betrayal bynSere McFall It seems my mind isnnot my own anymore. Whenever I let my guard d"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Four Goblins","Author":"Bill Hiers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4124824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LEGENDn- FOUR GOBLINS 1.nEXT. FOREST - NIGHT Thensetting is utterly tranquil and majestic, and there is somethingnmagic in the air. Numerous small animals frolic about. Squirrels,ndeer, rabbits, mice. We see hints of something bright and whitenflashing over the brow of a distant hill. Nearby,nBLUNDER, a small figure wearing an oversized horned helmet that hidesnhis head completely, is walking along a shallow stream bed.nOccasionally, he will stop and glance about, as though sensing thatnsomething is \"amiss.\" As he continues, a hand suddenlynshoots out and grabs him and pulls him into the bushes. BLUNDER (startled) Ahhh! Itnis BLIX, a brigand goblin hunter. With green skin, a long nose andnpointed ears, a slung with savage weaponry, he is a terrifying sight. BLIX Blunder.nForgive this intrusion, but we goblins are a free-spirited lot. GrippingnBlunder by his helmet horns, he gives him a rough shake. Blundernwrenches free and turns, bumping into POX, a fat, furry goblin withnthe face of a pig. Pox grins and Blunder turns back to Blix; it isnclear he is a new addition to their group. BLIX Now,ntonight is your first big hunt, so we're going to teach you whatnbeing a goblin is all about. BLUNDER (eager) Inwants to learn! I craves knowledge! Henis interrupted by a sudden, distant BIRDCALL. All three turn towardsnTIC, the fourth member of their group. He wears a helmet similar tonBlunder's, except one horn is broken off. Ticnis holding a lit lantern and standing a few yards off, gesturingnexcitedly. It was he who make the birdcall, and he repeats it whilenpointing at the distant hillside with the flashes of light emanatingnfrom behind it. Blix, intrigued, purses his lips and returns thencall. Drawingnan arrow and nocking his bow, Blix turns and sets off through thenunderbrush silently towards the hill. Pox pauses to take a drink fromnthe stream before turning and moving off to the right. Blundernlingers for a moment, bending down to pick up a large mushroom,nbefore he hears an UNEARTHLY CRY, like the song of a whale, echoingnthrough the night. He looks up into the treetops, brandishing a largenaxe. Meanwhilenthe other goblins are approaching the hill, which is crested with anlarge tree surrounded by giant mushrooms. The closer and closer theynget to the hill, the wind begins to pick up, blowing flower petalsnand leaves through the air as Blix is joined by Pox on his left andnTic on his right. They stare uncomprehending at the flashes of light,nas the whale-song continues. Blunder is nowhere to be seen. BLIX (quietly) Where's-- Suddenly,na few feet ahead of them, Blunder pops up from some bushes like anjack-in-the-box, startling some birds. He gawks as he is bathed innthe white light. Blix is furious. BLIX (harshnwhisper) --Blunder!!! Poxntosses a rock, which CLANGS off of Blunder's helmet. He realizes hisnerror and scurries back into hiding, but it is too late. The startlednbirds have made the surrounding animals realize the presence of thengoblins, and begin to scurry off in all directions. BLIX Younidiot! Withna loud cry, Blix charges over the hilltop, followed by the othernthree who wave their weapons about wildly, yelling, but by the timenthey've made it over the hill and down the bottom and into anflower-filled glade, whatever was making the flashes of light isngone. Only Blix continues running, mounting a fallen log in time toncatch a glimpse of the light retreating through the trees in thendistance. Thenwind dies down as Blunder, meanwhile, finds what appears to be a longnstrand of hair caught on a thorn bush. He grabs it. It is silver andnshiny and he and the other two goblins immediately begin to fightnover possession of it. TIC Givenit to me! BLUNDER No!nIt's mine! POX No!nIt's MINE!!! Theynroll around on the ground, punching and kicking one another likenchildren. Blix, turning, races over and begins bashing them with hisnbow repeatedly while yelling. BLIX (screamingnwith rage) Ahhhh! Ahhhhhh! AHHHHHHHHH!!!!! STOP IT!!! Thenfighting instantly stops. As they sit there, dazed, Blix then takesnthe long strand of hair for himself and examines it curiously in thenmoonlight. BLIX Disgustingnand pure, like a prayer. There be magic in this hair. We must takenthis to our master. 2.nEXT. BOG - NIGHT Blix,nPox, Blunder and Tic ride on their horses through the dark woods andnarrive at the edge of a vast, disgusting, vile swamp. Dead trees risenup out of the water and drip with moss and slime. Tying their steedsnup, the four goblins head in, picking their way across the bog,nstepping from old chunks of masonry to submerged logs. A V-shapednripple, like a submerged crocodile. It passes underneath the goblinsnas they cross a rickety log bridge. Blunder watches it go worriedly. BLUNDER Thisnplace gives me the creeps! BLIX Wenvisit Dark Lord like all-time same. Why you worry? Think had thoughtsnand relax. Thenothers are liking this less and less. Blunder and Pox follow theirnleader without complaint, but Tic is clearly beginning to grownirritated with the entire affair. He trails along behind reluctantly.nAt the center of this fog-enshrouded mire is a large island wherensits the ruins of a long-forgotten castle, built into the base of angiant, dead tree. This is what is known as the GREAT TREE, and it isna place of unspeakable evil. This is the goblins' destination. 3.nINT. GREAT TREE - ENTRANCE Blixnenters through a small opening and enters the Tree's interior, whichnis a vast, hollow stump. Blunder, Pox and Tic crowd in behind him asnthey stand at the top of a steep embankment leading down. At thenbottom is a deep, narrow chasm with a ledge jutting out over it. Onnthe other side is a small tree tree affixed with a large, curvednhorn. BLIX (impatient) Nontime to gawk, come on. Henstarts down. The others follow and they begin struggling down thenembankment, muttering and cursing among themselves as they go. TIC Frognspit! BLUNDER Snailnsperm! Blundernshoves past Blix and in his eagerness winds up losing his footing andnrolls over and over down the embankment with a loud clatter. Blixnsighs. Blunder lives up to his name. Blix and the other two make itnto the bottom, Tic a slow last, as Blunder flails about like annoverturned turtle. Blixnhelps him up, then regards the pit. Several vines hang down. Blundernreaches for one randomly, but Blix slaps his hand away. He takes anvine himself and gives it an experimental tug, then, sure of himself,nswings over the chasm like a green Tarzan. Spinningnhe tosses the vine back over, laughing. BLIX Comenon, Blunder! Blunderncatches the vine and hesitates, looking down the seemingly bottomlessnpit. BLUNDER Inwish I'd stayed at home in bed! BLIX Comenon! Blunderngrips the vine tightly and is given a shove by Pox. With a yell, thensmall goblin swings across, legs kicking. He almost doesn't make it.nBlix has to reach out and grab him and pull him over. Blunder clingsnto Blix but the other goblin angrily shoves him off, and Blunderntumbles head over heels to safety as Blix throws the vine to Pox. Poxncatches it, and swings over as Tic complains loudly. TIC Whynall the rush? All this fuss about a hair! Poxnlands next to Blix, who gives him a shove to go and stand by Blunder.nBlix tosses the vine to Tic, the last one left on the other side ofnthe pit. But he doesn't catch it. Blix looks annoyed. BLIX Comenon, Tic. TIC No!nNo! I'll fall! Henshakes his head furiously. Blix is losing his patience. BLIX Comenon! It's easy! TIC No!nThis is stupid! I'm not swinging over! Blundernand Pox watch this with growing worry. They begin motioning withntheir arms for him to come over. BLUNDER Comenon, Tic! Come on! Blixnsmirks with evil insincerity. BLIX Trustnme. Finally,nlooking extremely fed up, Tic grabs the vine and swings over...onlynto have Blix bring his foot up and kick him in the chest, knockingnhim backwards! Blunder and Pox then watch in shock as Blix draws hisnsword, Tic dangling helplessly over the pit. TIC No!nAhhh! Laughingnevilly, Blix cuts the vine, and down Tic goes with a cry, droppingnout of sight. Blunder and Pox come running to stand on either side ofnBlix, staring down into the abyss. Blunder frantically yells downninto it. BLUNDER Tic!nTIC!!! Blixnturns towards him, sword still drawn. Reflexively, Blunder draws hisnown weapon. BLIX Forgetnabout Tic! Less is more! Better we split three ways than four! Withoutnany more ado, he sheathes his sword and marches past them. Pox shrugsnand follows. Only Blunder lingers at the chasm for a moment or twonlonger, staring down into it, before finally turning and scurryingnafter the other two. BLUNDER Waitnup, you guys! 4.nINT. GREAT TREE - GREAT HALL Ansharp contrast to the exterior, the great hall of the Tree is a vast,nornate room, swathed in examples of royalty. The only light comesnfrom a roaring fireplace opposite a banquet table heaped withnexquisite foods. The fireplace's hearth is decorated with a massivensculpture depicting what appear to be damned souls writhing in agonynand torment. Sitting in the center of the room, is a largenhigh-backed throne, seen only from the rear in this scene. The LORDnOF DARKNESS is sitting in it, although we can only see his arm. LORDnOF DARKNESS (softly,nto himself) Mother Night, fold your dark arms about me. Protectnme...in your black embrace. I sit alone, an impotent exile, whilstnthis force--this PRESENCE returns to torment me!!! Therenis a KNOCK at the door. LORDnOF DARKNESS Enter! Slowly,nthe door creaks open. Blix walks confidently inside. Blunder and Poxnlinger fearfully in the doorway. LORDnOF DARKNESS Ahhhhh...Blix.nCome closer. Hisnclawed finger beckons, and Blix slowly approaches the throne. BLIX Hail,nDivine Dark one, strong like lion, swift like shark. Though unworthynof the task, Great Lord, I found this, for your amusement. Henproduces the hair and holds it up for Darkness to see. BeforenDarkness can reply, however, Blunder comes charging in and shovesnpast Blix angrily, shaking his fist. BLUNDER Don'tnlisten! I found it! ME! Blunder the Bold! LORDnOF DARKNESS Silence!!! Henpoints at Blunder and the goblin's fist erupts in flame, instantlyntransforming into a hideous, deformed chicken claw. He yowls innagony, clutching his wrist and backing away. BLUNDER Aahhhh!nAHHHH!!! Thank you, Your Lordship! Thank you!!! Poxncomes over and has a look at the claw as Blunder experimentallynclenches and unclenches it. He nods in approval. POX Quitenstylish, actually. NownDarkness has the hair and he holds it up close to his (unseen) face. LORDnOF DARKNESS Where...? BLIX Innthe woods, six leagues back, 'tween Twin Oaks and Dragon's Track. LORDnOF DARKNESS Andndid my bold hunter chance to see the quarry which cast this spore? Blixnshakes his head. BLIX Instalked it, Sire, but much too slow. What beast it be, I do not know. LORDnOF DARKNESS Thisnhair is from an angel of light. The purity of its heart is annabomination to me! BLIX Mustnbe dread, indeed, to trouble YOU, Lordship. LORDnOF DARKNESS Lookingnupon these frail creatures, one would not think think that they couldncontain suck power! Henclenches his fist around the hair and it disintegrates in a puff ofnflame! The goblins gasp. Suddenly, Darkness points at Blix. LORDnOF DARKNESS Younmust find them for me! And DESTROY THEM!!! Atnthis, the goblins become very excited. BLUNDER Wencatch it! We catch it! POX Oh,nyes! Field and fen! The glories of the chase! Therenis a sudden pause, and then Blix voices the question that is on allntheir minds. BLIX Uh,nwhat do they look like, Lord? LORDnOF DARKNESS Fool! Hengrabs a dagger off the banquet table and slams the hilt againstnBlix's forehead so that the blade is pointing upwards. Blix freezesnand for the first time, we see him genuinely afraid. LORDnOF DARKNESS Letnthis serve to remind you. They are each crowned with a single spiral,nreaching like an antennae straight to heaven! BLIX Inget the point, Lord. LORDnOF DARKNESS Good.nBring the horns to me. Removingnthe dagger, he tosses it aside and it clangs noisily onto an emptynplate on the table. Blix looks relieved. BLIX Wherenshall I look, Sire? LORDnOF DARKNESS Therenis only one lure for such disgusting goodness. One bait which nevernfails. BLIX (eagerly) Whatnbe this bait? Oh, Divine Dark One, I beseech thee. Please, you teachnme. Therenis a pause. The goblins wait with bated breath. Then... LORDnOF DARKNESS Innocence.nIn-no-cence! Blixnbows. ","Summary":" LEGENDn- FOUR GOBLINS 1.nEXT. FOREST - NIGHT Thensetting is utterly tranquil and majestic, and ther"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Dream","Author":"my-echo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5854421","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Some might call the ending a cliffhanger, an unfairly dangling finish—but I rather like leaving things up to readers' imaginations every once in a while. This is merely a vignette, a what-if, and I'll leave it up to you to explore any further what-ifs within your own mind. She was there, again, in that vast cavernous blackness. The fire was roaring, and the table glittered. Her body felt sluggish, and her face felt heavy, opaque. She traced her eye and mouth with one finger and it came away streaked with black. Paint upon her eyes and her lips, like a common whore. But whores in the city marketplace near her father's castle wore bright, garish colors on their faces, trying to look as though they were full of lusty life. Black smacked of death, of darkness. She shuddered with the symbolism, and tasted the greasy stickiness of the lip-paint with an unthinking, nervous flick of her tongue. The mirror was behind her—she felt its cold, glass presence like sharp steel—but she would not turn to look in it. If she did, he might come again, the nameless horror that she had no words for. There was a vague memory—he had been very, very red, she remembered, clothed in black, and impossibly large. Beyond that she did not recall any more, nor did she have any wish to. Then there was a rumbling murmur, as silken honey sliding on sandpaper…she had heard it before, heard that dreadful caress. Lady , he had called her, an almost mockingly polite, grand title. My lady. The strains now seemed wordless—whispers that she could not hear, could not quite make out. The paint on her eyes itched crazily. Her fingers twitched, but she stood motionless. Perhaps he would mistake her for one of the statues. Simply another ornament in this vile splendor… She heard a step behind her on the smooth, dark floor, and a cracking sound, like thunder. There was a sort of aching, stretching feeling in the air, and she wished to run. But there was no escape—the doors were shut, and her legs were stubbornly still. Another step resounded through the gaping hall, and she saw now the long, ponderous shadow on the floor. It was strange, how her body could not move a muscle, even though every nerve strained and the blood pounded in her ears, steadily throbbing. His outline in silhouette was evident even with the flickering distortion cast by the fire's dancing light. She had forgotten he had horns. That sick, coppery fear came back, that she would be impaled, and a convulsive shiver ran through her body as she sank into a heap upon the floor. She could not turn around, would not, and he was coming ever closer. She could feel his body heat now, like the flaming furnace of Hell. His hand she saw clearly now in shadow, easily three or four times the length and breadth of her own, nails long and sharp. The remembrance was gradually coming back now, how he had unfurled that huge hand like a gracious host, how the fingernails had seemed more like decorations than weapons. He was elegant, for all his terrifying power. Still he came on, slowly, all the while gaining on her quivering form, and still she could not move. She screamed out, finally, as his huge hands found her at last, and drew her up like a limp rag doll from the floor. \"Lit-tle princess,\" he chuckled throatily, and she drew breaths in sharp, hoarse gasps, held firmly but wriggling like a worm caught on the hook. \"Let me go,\" she begged, \"let go,\" and unexpectedly he let her fall to the hard, polished floor, where she lay curled in a trembling ball. This was becoming more and more dreadfully un-dreamlike. There was a bitter, sliding realness to it now, just at the edge of her consciousness, although she knew she had gone to sleep in the big feather-bed in her father's castle, dressed in a quite modest white night-gown, pure and somewhat childish, all frills and lace and covering her from neck to ankle, leaving nothing for sight to prey upon. This tight black thing dipped down so scandalously far as to nearly show her navel. Her breasts felt poised to slide free from its confines at any moment, half-revealed as they were. \"You're dead,\" she said dully. \"I remember now, even though I was…\" \"I am alive,\" he cut in smoothly, \"as long as there are minds to remember me, as long as there are dreams . \" He said \"dreams\" long and slow, with a kind of smoldering reverence, and his voice wrapped around her body like the long reach of his arm. Then she realized it was his arm around her, and her scream was choked this time, muffled in her dry, aching throat. \"Lady,\" he sighed, and she shrank, quivered as her head tipped back against his chest, red-hot and unfathomably broad. Is this it, is it going to happen now? she thought, and mostly she felt ill at the thought of it, but she felt something else too, something she didn't want to think about, something that had no words because she would give it none. \"You will see me again, in dreams,\" he said. \"You are treacherous, but you intoxicate me. I would be loathe to ignore your presence if I were to return to the world again.\" \"You never will,\" she said, struggling to keep her voice level, her body calm, \"and you won't visit my dreams again, either.\" It was difficult to speak boldly or bravely when his long nails were grazing her waist. He would only have to press a little, and one of them might pierce her through, sliding between her ribs and letting out her life's-blood. \"You won't be back,\" she said again, feeling herself quiver. \"How so, lady? You cannot keep me out. I will be back again…and again…and again. I will come to you like an incubus, and you will never be rid of me, as long as you sleep, and dream dreams.\" \"Go away!\" she screamed, and somehow fell away from the grasp of his long arm, scrabbling backwards on the slippery floor. \"Go away!\" He reached out his hand, trying to placate her, it seemed, and his face was still in shadow. She could see the outline of his great horns in the darkness, the stark, carved shape of his angular face. His chin jutted out a little from the shadows, as red and as impossibly proportioned as the rest of him. \"Leave me,\" she said. \"Leave me in peace. Find someone else to torment.\" \"You were the catalyst of my destruction,\" he snapped, but there was a kind of languorous amusement in his voice. \"You ruined all my plans when you freed the unicorn. Why should I not torment you as often as I can exert my strength?\" \"It will do you no good,\" she whispered. \"No good at all.\" \"Say what you will,\" he said with a little growl, throwing up his hand dismissively as he turned toward the mirror. \"You cannot keep me out. One of these nights,\" and here he turned again, although she still could not clearly see his face, \"you will yield. And the power of our union will be such that I may well be brought back to form again in the world, to be your mate in every sense, and you my dark queen. We will rule the night, and I will not be tricked again by wily gnomes and faeries, or foundling forest boys.\" She could not speak, and he disappeared with a great crack through the mirror. As he did so, the walls around her dissolved into those of her chamber, and she heard her father calling her name through the door. One thought, and one thought only, penetrated her mind over and over, a constant, burning litany. One of these nights, you will yield. You will yield. ","Summary":" A/N: Some might call the ending a cliffhanger, an unfairly dangling finish—but I rather like leavin"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Crimson Tide","Author":"xXxCrimsonXSheXWolfxXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5696684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] !!!Disclaimer!!! I do not in any way, shape, or form state that I own Legend. It's simply a fun hobby! All credit goes to the genius Ridley Scott :3! Chapter 1, Crossing to the Dogs (Preview) \"Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures\" – Jessamyn West It was high noon, and the mid summer heat was at it's peak. Bright rays of sunlight peeked through the canopy of the forest. Two fairy sisters, Feen and Oona, were hovering about a patch of ripe raspberry bushes. \"I'm serious! Oh, Feen, he's so handsome, and so different from other humans! He lives in the forest itself, like us. Not in a cottage or cabin like that crabby woman, Nell.\" Oona was blabbering about a new love interest of her's, Jack, a young hermit and so called \"Prince of the Forest\". Feen, paying no attention to her sister's story, grabbed a chunk of a raspberry, and like an apple, bit into it. \"Really Oona, you talk far too much, and not even about anything interesting.\" Oona crossed her arms and scrunched up her pointy little nose in response to her sister's sour comment. \"Humph! Well, you don't find my story interesting simply because of one thing…\" Feen wiped a drop of berry juice off her chin, not even making eye contact, she asked. \"And what's that?\" Oona smirked and stuck up her nose. \"Your mad because you have the hots for Jack as well, but knowing I do too makes me a threat.\" Feen turned to Oona with an annoyed expression, then suddenly burst out in laughter. \"What now!?\" Oona glared, irritated and slightly embarrassed over her laughter. \"You honestly think that I'd fall for such a meek hearted human? I thought you knew me better than that sister… Besides, you're in love with a taken man.\" Feen said suavely. Oona's eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped slightly. \"W…What?!\" \"Yea', he's in love with a Princess, she's from south of here. Strange, huh? Her name is Lily…\" Feen lowered her lids, licking her fingers. \"Hmm…I wonder how they met\" Oona was in shock, but quickly recovered and grinned. \"As if that will stop me! Hehe!\" Feen beamed at her sister's high spirits as they fluttered to a nearby river to wash. This river marked the edge of their forest, and where another began. The elves and fairy folk call it, \"The Crossing to the Dogs\". Feen eyed the wood with great intrigue, but Oona was becoming jittery and upset. \"Look, let's rinse of the sticky berry juice and head back to meet up with Gump.\" Feen dismissed her sister's plea with a wave of her hand. \"Gump can wait, besides, I really don't care for his company. He's a pushy and ignorant child!\" She boldly stated as she pointed into the overgrown forest of the \"Dogs\". \"I'll bet REAL adventures are played out in there!\" Oona murmured, as if afraid of being heard. \"But Feen… the creatures in there…\" \"What? The DOGS\" She emphasized. \"Yes, their not like the dogs that live with humans. I heard that their huge and, and I even heard that they can walk, talk , and LOOK like humans…\" Feen shrugged, \"So?\" \"Well what if you run into one of those beasts!\" Feen's eyes grew wide and glimmered in excitement. \"Now… that would be something…\" She darted across the river into an opening of the forest. \"NO! Feen, you don't know what your doing!\" Oona shouted in fear for her sister, but Feen had already dispersed into the shadowy labyrinth. [As stated above, this is just a preview in the form of a chapter, the second chapter (in progress) will lead far more into the plot of the story. P.S I encourage reveiws! (of any kind) They help me get things done faster! ^_^ Enjoy!] ","Summary":" !!!Disclaimer!!! I do not in any way, shape, or form state that I own Legend. It's simply a fun hob"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Broken Mirror Witch","Author":"LuciusBelyakov","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7284265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once long ago, before there was such a thing as time, the world was shrouded in darkness. Then came the splendor of light, bringing life and love into the universe, and the Lord of Darkness retreated deep into the shadows of the earth, plotting his return to power...by banishing light forever. But precious light is protected, harbored in the souls of unicorns, the most mystical of all creatures. Unicorns are safe from the Lord of Darkness, they can only be found by the purest of mortals... Such a mortal is Jack, who lives in solitude with the animals of the forest. A beautiful girl named Lily loves Jack with all her heart. In their innocence, they believe only goodness exists in the world. Together they will learn there can be no good without evil...no love without hate...no heaven without hell...no light without darkness. The harmony of the universe depends upon an eternal balance. Out of the struggle to maintain this balance comes the birth of Legends. - William Hjortsberg The Broken Mirror Witch Chapter 1: Requiem for a Screwball O NCE UPON A TIME, A FEW YEARS FROM WHERE OUR STORY ENDED… Reindeers walked on water. The place was called The Body of the Lady of the Lake. The lake was tough and stiff with frost, a glass thick enough that dragons and giants might stand where they were, never breaking it in two or opening the waters. The animals drew a light sleigh across the mirror with their heavy backs. Their cargo included an elf with closed eyes, and a confetti of white roses, their bloom fat and open, seeing no repercussion for opening in winter. The flowers covered him and the deer cart like a cape. Wherever the white grounds were scratched up roses would fall down and get left behind, leaving a sort of breadcrumb trail to lead others to where they were, in case any wanderer would care to participate, and give a kingdom hero a send-off. His face was the one part of him that was not covered with a rose. His mouth was the only mouth in the crowd that did not make smoke with his breath in the middle of winter's cruelty. And he had the only mouth there that was able to smile through it all. His shut eyes were the only eyes that seemed to see something nice in the midst of all the funerary rites and magick. A circle of flying lighted candles strolled behind them. A few men and women appeared behind that fire show. The O'Thegreens were there. Jack was the first others would notice. He wore black in the middle of the whiteland, a cloak soaked with snowflakes where the train of it dragged on earth. But though he was the most obvious, he was the hardest to recognize of the guests had you not seen him since he was awarded for his services to the forest and made sheriff. It was unusual for a man already leaving his teens to all of a sudden get new inches of height under his feet. He was almost half of a foot greater in size than he was when he climbed down to Darkness' castle in the earth and stabbed him in his own throne room, and sewed Stallion's horn back on his head. Jack was also a little gaunter now than even his natural shape. His face was hardened handsomeness. The disciplined skin was eaten away by the hood he wore, it divided the face as if he were wearing half of a mask. And the dark color in his eyes was more plain than ever before, each iris was black, and bags and shadows were knitted underneath the bottom lids. But his gaze was more than it used to be. As a boy he had always looked right at a thing, not away, but now he examined instead of only listening when he looked. His walk was that of a confident man, a more brisk step, higher-held head. He was also a more elegant man. A long-fingered white hand gestured out of the black robes for a moment, the winter had even taken all his warm color away. Lily O'Thegreen was no easier to know. She was more buxom now, years of having blue children with stopped hearts had done that. Her appearance had faded, but she had always had a star's shine, and so she faded like a star. The light of a star is white and neat early on, but when a star is dying it changes its look, shaking with time, colors mutating. Yet even with her energy removed it does not make a star less to watch when it is nearing dust, when its stressed with fire, and glamour has turned to red and fall, when its muddied. Oh no! Lily's nice appearance was watered down yet voluptuous. She was also more common now, she was not delicate and she did not appear wealthy, but that made her looks more touchable, less false and not so overly kept. She had become an earth angel instead of one carrying a harp in her arms and using a halo for a hat. Her eyes were unmistakably sad however. Some say they were permanently blue, or purple or grey, something lighter than brown, all from crying. Yet just like Jack's they were more rich than they once looked, sparkling with emotion. They were bright as a cat's really, but an old, sick one's. Her clothes were periwinkle, she had a high-collar with a few dragon flies embroidered here and there. She had a hat on, with a model of a swan atop the black bowler. The swan's neck curled around her pale, plain face like ivy, mixing with the spotted black veil that stopped at the lips to a poker face. The forest gump was there too. Honeythorn was still the reigning gump, and there would never be another so long as his small fingers could form a fist and manage to swing, which they would do so long as his heart still pounded. He was every bit the same, not one detail about him had changed, still trapped in the form of a magic child. He carried his fiddle over his back, his lanky legs making a giraffe's stride as he went along the snow. He wore a tall laurel crown for the occasion, but no real clothes as usual, some shrubbery around his hips and thighs. Oona however had changed enough on behalf of them both, making up for Gump's lack of originality. After 3 centuries her body had given a little, her face was that of a 15-year old girl perhaps, a round face, quick to show expression. She had fleshed out a little and grown; she was a tall girl, shapely, regal; her bones were bigger. She had been crowned the Fairy Queen 3 Augusts ago, and was styled Oona Titania now. She had taken off her ceremony for the occasion however, instead of the peacock feather headdress, (the first of the crown jewels of the house of Sugarplum,) she put blood-colored roses in her hair. They were a symbol of the gashes acutely felt on everyone's hearts this day. She was as beautiful as anyone though, so long as you ignored the broken heart shining through her face or the rock-sized tears in her eyes. Her hair was still plentiful, orange and curly. Her skin was still gold, and her lips still silver and covered with the pearls apart of her skin. She had gained many tattoos now as a symbol of her office. As a handbag she carried a glass ball big as the globe of the known world in an alchemists' study. She huddled under something sheer, against the teeth of the wind. It was a metallic fabric that could levitate of its own free will. The wind could stand still, Oona herself could stand perfectly still, but that shawl would keep crawling around her, tilting up in exactly the same way as you might see a charmed snake hearing its master's music being played. The living, breathing clothes began to coil around her neck, and on the velvet patterns on her chest, trying to get warm just as she tried to do. The dress was the tone of elderberry wine. A midget in a suit of armor walked in the shade of Oona's skirts. Though his gait was narrow from his lack of height, he walked with some purpose. His hair was steeped in melted snow. The water drops fell out of that black lion's mane and teardrops scratched his skin. He donned knight's clothing in honor of his friend and their adventures together. This was the very costume he wore when he was nearly baked into a chicken pan pie and Screwball found himself in a locked cage, the same exact costume down to the chain mail and stockings. Apart from pain, Blunder looked the same, his hair had only grown, and it was unmanageable. Some of it fell down his chest and covered the black metal, but most of it was tucked inside of it. At his side he carried the helmet that finished his dress, and as this was a mourning hour it could not help but evoke a cut off head. Ahead of the fairy queen was Brown Tom who wore a coat of several golden-headed foxes, not of course obtained by the death of any such souls, but rather gifted to him by a fox aristocrat who took him for a peddler as he laid out on a summer road. He wore a red hat and smoked pipe as they marched through the snow. He was surprisingly the calmest of them all, going up to everyone trying to keep their spirits up, offering them the herb and an attentive word. He was the only of those gathered who appeared to have grown younger. He had cut his hair and red beard until they were just attractive curls about the face. The very last of the gatherers was a young male hooded in a blue about the color of an abalone shell. He had white bangs underneath the short cloak, but they were not white with age's strike, his face was a boy's, however serious it was. The hair was a magic white, white as moon dust, white unicorn meat or the bones of kings. The stranger came with a silver walking stick half hidden in his arms, as if the staff itself were a misshapen limb. He had black shoes on. When they reached the agreed upon place Jack unhooked the sleigh from its carriers and dragged the wood with the body ontop to the center of the space. He moved quickly and did not look at Screwball's uncovered face. He said nothing as he did this. Screwball had the look of an oversized toy as the Christmas cart he was there sleeping on was moved into a place of prominence. All eyes fell on Sheriff O'Thegreen, but in his shyness he broke contact with them again and again. He came to set his eyes instead upon fish that had frozen to death, and people who had fallen through the ice once, a rainbow of skins and twisted clothes sailing away right under his shabby brown shoes. Lily held onto his arm and squeezed it with her love, hoping that would fill his mouth with words. When none came she cleared her throat. She may have had a sad face now, but never did she lose her way with words or love of people. In fact when one loses other things what they still have often grows. Tired of the lack of leadership Gump stepped forward begrudgingly, stopping the couple in their tracks. He sighed and walked over to the corpse on the wood, his naked toes barely touching the ice, every once and awhile hi feeet rose less than half of an inch of the ground. He sat down in the cold looking at his old employee, an arm hanging on the sleigh that petals were knitted to. \"Old friend,\" he began, not suppressing a light, nervous laugh. \"Well, you've lived more of a life than I have, and I'm thirty years you're senior. It is a good end to a life, I should like it. And Fortuna saw that you felt no pain.\" He pat his comrade upon one of his fleshy arms as he talked. \"And your many good deeds will be remembered,\" he began. He shouted now so that the gathering would take heed, \"Right now the divine banquet hall is welcoming you with a fanfare of goddesses!\" \"Jack I believe you have something,\" he turned and looked back, growing exasperated at hearing only cooing doves and no human voices, no responses or cheers. \"This sword is yours,\" said Jack to dead Screwball. He handed over Bivacorn. The sword was named anew for every owner that possessed it. This name was given by the elder wood nymphs, a name evoking the unicorns that this sword was gifted in the chase after. \"Bi\" for two. Two horns, 'just as life is two-sided' they said, containing darkness alongside light, both intertwined in destiny so that neither is possible without the other. This sword likewise had two purposes, to create and destroy life side-by-side. It was the sword that he had put a binding on the prince of darkness with, and behead the hag of the swamp, but it was also a weapon that enabled him to preserve life; he protected Lily with it, and with blood he forged his way into the iron palace, where he took back Stallion's horn and resurrected him. He had spared lives at the point of the sword when it was no harder for him to cut them away. And of course the sword had brought about great life for all who currently dwelled in the world, bringing summer back to the earth once and for all. He tossed her in such a way that she fell across Screwball's clasped hands and fingers, and he was made the image of a knight holding his sword in the tomb. But the movement Jack made was fast, he appeared glad to be rid of the metal witch, as though he had no particular like of carrying her. He bowed his head and stepped back into the pattern of the group. He whispered to only himself into his own teeth, \"I will come and light a fire at your grave everyday.\" Gump sat the Timepiece of the Elements on the edge of the sleigh by his leg, carefully so that it did not roll away from Screwball. It was the sphere of water and colored chess pieces he used to estimate their journey with as they tracked through the forest to save Alicorn. He waved his hand, commanding the others to come and join him. Oona was the first, running through the snow, jiving arms, wild as if she thought Screwball would disappear into the thin air at any moment, and she had to make it in to him time. Her hair had come undone, the bun had fallen down, just loose red hair that butterflies flew out of (when she was upset her magic was not under control at every moment.) The sitting red flowers were down to only a petal or two each, just broken husks around her hair. When she walked over her fists were clenched and baby-like at first, her pain was at the point that it made the body no longer fluid, and speech no longer eloquent. She was angry at someone for his death, someone ought to pay! But who? She lifted the veil of candles he was hidden behind, knocking a couple over, their flames were instantly put out in the snow. She kissed Screwball's nose, and as she knelt over him she took her own necklace from her skin, a set of bronze keys to many kingdoms in the world of Ferie, and folded the chain into his coat and its wool. The water running out of her eyes and nose kept staining his clothes. Gump's instructions had been that each visitor (if possible) leave for the corpse a something to speak of Screwball's triumphs. Her necklace was only her own, and did not really uphold his plan, but he had not the heart to discourage its presence. She kissed Screwball's frozen mittens over and over again, then gestured to her carriage, waving an arm for someone to come over, all the while never taking her eyes off the dead. The pumpkin coach she had driven herself there in sat atop the hill. The orange doors slowly clicked open and white smoke poured from the inside out into the wonderlands. A blue-skinned child in teal linens stepped down a little mosaic staircase, carrying a giant pan of tin. It was this object she and Screwball had used to fill Darkness' halls with sun by and let chaos into his house, albeit Screwball had slept through most of her efforts. As her courtier came Queen Oona pulled a baby boy from beneath her many crawling articles of clothing. He had an old man's face, a gray balding head and looked cranky. He had a body oversized, greater in scale than a wedding cake of many layers. His face was bloodshot with screaming. He gnashed his teeth until the veins at his temple nearly came part. His fists clenched with rage and a long rope of a tongue ran down his chin. She sat the baby down next to Screwball, using some of his spare clothes to keep it warm. Gump bellowed, \"Oona!\" \"Please Gump…\" \"You're not fit to wear your title!\" Gump pointed his finger at her, pointing as stiff as an English pointer dog on hunt. His nature as something not human became more pronounced, as he shrieked a cry that was closer in pitch to birdsong than human speech. He walked over with his hands on his hips, \"Trying to cheat death and substitute a changeling?\" He barked at her majesty in front of the whole wake until he was out of breath. Somewhere in there were some comments about it being impossible, and that Lady Death would retaliate, and infanticide being wrong without a license, and that only ritualistic purposes recognized by the Lord Ariel edition calendar. She stood without speaking, her arms hanging like limp carrots, her shoulders slumped, glitter getting the best of her eyes. She might have been able to hold her own in rank with him now, she was not his servant any longer, but master of herself. Yet she would always be a bit scared of Gump, he was something of a controlling elder brother in spirit. She scooped the creature out of the makeshift coffin and rocked him. As he was such a large baby it did take her a minute to get his head in a position she could support easily. She curtsied for Gump with the baby still in toe, then went on her way up the snowcap alone, her long orange wings dragging on the ground. She whispered all the things she wished she had snorted back at Gump to the changeling who had fallen asleep and snored in her arms. Before she could get too far Lily put out her arms to beg her not to leave their presence. Overjoyed, Oona ran over to her, crying her heart out into those amiable arms. She looked at Lily kissing her skin of stars in place after place. Lily helped her with the heavy baby, taking him and rocking him for her, perhaps a little too eagerly. The two members of royalty held hands in the snow. Jack stood to Lily's other side avoiding looking at either one of the women. He did finally whisper, \"Be of good cheer Oona…\" \"It is as Gump told you. He is dancing on a pin's head with angels. Don't deprive him of that,\" he smiled at her widely, but with an undercurrent nervousness. Oona looked up at Jack, question marks in her eyes. He suddenly found the unmade coffin interesting again, looking straight on. Since he would say no more to her she looked down at his shadow, having a conversation in her mind with that. Her Curly-toed gold shoes wiggled in the snow. \"I might like to join him,\" Jack whispered to no one. And Suddenly... \"Gump, does not a good heart make a good government as well as a good law?\" The pale one stepped out of the maze of people, his voice was low and trailing, as if the language he spoke were not his first language. The words had to be carefully made, though they were made perfect. \"Laws are as fragile as dolls. When the law broke I lost a father,\" the guest lowered his hood. When his hood was dropped a necklace of grey unicorn horns was revealed across his skin, worn as a spiked collar. The flesh of his body was subtler than the snow, it was only a few shades darker than something clear. The black shoes he donned, carved out of wood, high as Geta from foreign empires, they represented hooves. Lily looked a little afraid. Nobody in the woods had forgotten what she had done; a print from a loving hand left the Master of the Unicorns dead by day's end. She was acquitted by fairy court for a number of reasons. There was still some social awkwardness with the prosecution and discipline of human criminals. And never before had a member of royalty been indicted. The risk of conflict between neighboring kingdoms was feared, this world was not prepared to be invaded by a human army seeking revenge for the loss of their lady. It was also an acceptable defense that she was from another place, therefore did not know it was wrong. She had never seen unicorns before and never knew of the customs of a land where they lived in. Of course it was a lie, but who knew of that but Jack? Jack, Jack who had gone to court and lied to protect his betrothed, saying that she did not know, and fell on his sword. Any normal man or woman could read easily the face of a man not used to making up fables, the terror, the guilt, but their jury was a band of sprites and frogs. He was not that man now any longer, if he lied it would no longer be read, he had seen such filth that his expression was not going to change much, no matter what news he heard. But had she been tried today he would not have lied, he would have said what he witnessed and what he counseled Lily against, nothing would he extenuate for her. Hopefully the courts would have granted her mercy. The downswing of life's wheel of fortune had made him less willing to part with the one thing he could keep forever if he wanted, some honor. Back then Jack was Lily's greatest card to play, as he enjoyed the popularity of the people then as he did now, she gained some grace simply by affiliation with him. No one thought he was a man of false words, so his testimony was well-worth considering, even if they did not know him that well he was not by appearance the sort of gentleman you would cross the road and avoid. But they did know him fairly well, well enough not to wish any misfortune upon him. They knew his of quiet, his willingness to work hard without complaint, they knew his lack of snobbery, and they knew they'd never heard him lie. His years of perfect services to the forest long before the affair of the unicorn had been well-remembered too, and they of his sad straits as well, a boy without family. Yes, they knew enough about Jack O'Thegreen that he was entitled to some mistakes by now, he could enjoy the luxury of second and third, even fourth, fifth and sixth chances. Still to better things, Lily had Gump among her judges. Jack had also threatened the remaining members of the tribunal. Lily's efforts on behalf of Mare had also been widely publicized by none other than Jack, who took up money for her defense. She had not only cut the chain that kept the Mare in Darkness' jail, setting her free and leaving herself at his mercy, and enduring a beating by her cruel host, but she also fought the first gang of goblins that came for the Mare Queen with only her two, manicured hands. Although her actions had no technical bearing on the question of her original guilt, who would not keep them a factor in their minds? Lawyer's words indeed carried that day, but they did not stop the occasional passerby from spitting on her in the days after. The Unicorn Prince walked over to Lily, his feet sounded of a horse a trot as he made his way there. Those eyes, which were the blue part of a terrible flame, regarded her. She felt she was coming under hypnosis as he looked at her without a kind word. She saw herself in those eyes, they worked on her like a mirror would, a broken mirror. She could have sworn she saw different pieces of herself in that blue mirror. Oona stared the man down, her clasped hand all the while locking and pinching Lily's protectively. He asked, \"Lily of The Southern Valley, I sat at your trial. Had you known that?\" He lifted Lily's chin and neck while he put the question to her, so that her eyes better met him, her dark coils bouncing back like a poppet. It was a deliberate gesture mocking the touch she gave Stallion, which ended up with the day being cursed. He might touch her, a Unicorn can touch whatever they please, only healing properties were of their skin. It was when the reverse happened, impure substances tried knowing their skin, that it triggered misfortune, as they found out all those years ago. She hung her head. Jack put his hand demonstratively in front of Lily. \"Heart was our one protector and not laws…\" the blue eyes whispered, bowing his head. And the unhappy guest went and knelt down at Screwball's graveside, turning a blind eye to her. \"Alas, I have nothing of the journey of mine to give to thee, I did not make it with you,\" he said sympathetically, smoothing what little hair was left on the dead forest creature's face, which was few feathers, he was almost bald except for his beard. He wore a pair of short and black leather gloves that he adjusted with some dislike. He relieved himself of one, slapping it into the snow, and squeezed his naked hand here and there. He hid a hand covered in calluses from the crowd, a serving hand, one of the lowest level of the field, sore and blistered, knotted. The hand had deformed fingers swollen, stubby and ugly, it was as though someone had crushed it repeatedly. But there were blue fingernails and some soft skin left in-between the warped parts of his hands. He touched the dead better with his monster's hand, but as he did so he accidentally restored a little of the man's youth. Some golden blond flecks appeared in the beard, and the other half of his face, the section of skin that others could not see, was now a young man's. He lifted his hand, \"I am sorry, forgive me.\" A note of surprise was in his voice, he had forgotten his own greatness, the more he touched, the younger the dead man would have grown. Had he stayed with him for long he would have recalled him from the dead, but that would have opened the door to things worse than death... As darkness said of the Foal's race, \"Looking upon these frail creatures one would not think that they could contain such power. One could rule the Universe with it!\" The doorway to other worlds was one a unicorn could open... but it was trouble, more than it was usually worth. And then there was the question of how long he could keep animating him? He had died of ripened age, not murder, not happy accident. He could not just tie his life ends back together in knot, as he could do for someone else, he had no more life in him. He would have to keep siphoning it out of other things to sustain Screwball. Nobody appeared to notice that there was any change in the corpse's from where they stood. He lowered his eyes and finished his train of thought, \"It is still as I say, but here is a hair lock from my mother the queen. A lady whom thee and Madame O'Thegreen defended well.\" Brown Tom pointed to himself in the chest, \"Actually laddy…\" He meant to correct the winter guest, and tell him that he had confused the two, Screwball did not fight the goblins, it was he, Brown Tom, that stood there with Lily and used his trusty old frying pan as a mallet. But Gump ran over there and stomped Brown Tom on the foot, surely breaking the bone in half for months. The stranger prince looked up confused. \"Yes!\" Gump exclaimed nervously, taking the embarrassment off of the speaker. While Brown Tom bit down on his pouting lips behind Gump. The Unicorn man opened his hands and let straight silver trimmings waft onto the body. He stayed sitting by the cadaver for a time, happily not noticing the passage of that. Until he began to hold one of his hands with some difficulty. Then his wrist, which had some blood upon it. He smiled, and rose, still clutching his hands, allowing someone else to take his place. He stood at Gump's side. They whispered back and forth things that no one else could hear. What could they have been conspiring? Blunder walked over to Screwball after that. He gave the helmet of his suit to Screwball, putting it onto his head and shutting the face, noticing a little more magic about his look, he looked young, there were roses in his cheeks! But Blunder did not know what to do with that, it was surely his eyes that misled him! The two men, the one who died and the one who was alive, were a kind of backward mirror of each other. Blunder only wore hard and shining things, armor sharp and glassy as dragon scales, chains from the mines worn up and down his wrists as bracelets. Screwball had a soft felt hat on, and other gentle materials, except for the soldier's helmet he gave him then. Their very colors were also turned backward, Screwball was a Spriggan, he had a painting of colors he had patched together to be his coat, pink, greens. The metal was Blunder's only color. Blunder had also stayed young and healthy, while Screwball's body was so very old and clearly dead. And Screwball had died as he had lived, a big man. Blunder was a waif and athletic, small. Then Blunder was shaven, Screwball's beard tumbled down from him dragging across the snow more like a tail or a costume. Even the color of their hair opposed each other, Blunder's was the color of a veil you would wear to a funeral, but leave it to Screwball to come with hair the color of a wedding veil. Brown Tom was on his way over after that. He poured the brand of the wine they were drunk on the day that daylight died, spilling it on the grave like blood. He made some obscure comment about how they would, \"All laugh at gilded butterflies.\" Gump stared hard at him, and was very surprised that he did not find the scent of his pouring drink in his clothes or mouth. He acted as though he were wise now, as if he had journeyed to edge where he was given a boon of some poetic rhapsody. Plump Brown Tom waddled away confidently. Lily took a deep breath and realized there was no one left to speak, save her. Her eagerness had been shaken a little after her acquaintance with the last member of the Unicorn royal family, The Balaunces. She worried that she might anger Gump too somehow, this family had ruled the woofs long before Gump took office and they had supported him, donated to his campaign. They were the only people whom Gump was humble with. Lily walked forward, the changeling baby still in her arms until Jack relieved her of it. Though children were not their lot in life, he had enough experience with healing that he had come across patients of all ages. Her breath obscured her face as she walked, she looked like she had no head for a moment as the fog grew and grew around her, she had forgotten how cold it was. She rubbed her soft white gloves together, still cold through her goat's wool. Her shoes clicked on the ice as she walked, the footprints making the sound of the harpsichord. Lily stood still, alone in the center of the glass of the lake. \"I did not keep many trinkets from the journey, God knows why…\" she laughed nervously, projecting her voice across the echoing ice. Everyone laughed a little. Realizing her voice was louder than it ought be, she spoke much quieter, as if she were praying. \"I have my voice though, that was with me then. I suppose it was a big reason why we quested,\" her voice cracked a little. \"So if it does not give offense to anyone, I'll sing like I did that day,\" she nervously waited for some approval. Gump gave her a nod and his friend opened his gloved hands as if to ask why not . \"Would everyone be alright with 'In the Bumps and the Hollows?'\" She did not dare sing \"Come Down Sparrow\" of all things, right here in front of this man of all people whose family she had gotten killed and imprisoned. She would have worked herself into a vomit so bad that Jack would have asked her to stay home, had she known such a person would be there. Jack would have tried to stay with her, but he would have lost the battle of wills as usual, and been sent to the funeral to see his battle partner sent off well. When nobody responded she timidly started to sing, In the bumps and the hollows, The sunlight and shadows. He kissed her as those bluebells played. Jack could not help but smile and look at her with some love, it brought back a rose-covered summer. She was the first fellow human he'd ever known. He was an orphan and lived a pagan in the woods with only the fair folk until she came along lost in a red cloak, a braid on each side of her head, singing and dancing. It was this song, sung on a bee-stung mouth. She had proposed to him to this song, handing out the black and white ring that nearly killed him. She pushed him down the hill into the pond, and when he came back up for air, waving the ring the curse they had set in motion earlier that day without knowledge had run its course, and he bumped his head on ice, for the whole lake had died, when he came up there was no season left in the world but winter, all life sucked out of the earth in a second, when his back was turned. But he thought not of the evil parts of the day. He thought of the cookies she'd stolen from a country family and said were hers and handed out to him just 20 minutes before. And of the chase he gave her. He also remembered that in his greatest hour of need this same song had been the clue that saved his life. Only when he answered Gump's riddle correctly, for which he had only one chance to do so, only then would he grant him pardon for calling out the unicorns and setting up a secret meeting with them and a mortal. The question was this: W hat is the bell that does not ring, yet its smell makes then angels sing? Her soprano gave him the clue. Such a flower is called a bell, but flowers do not make noise, they only smell. Had Lily not sung that day of bluebells his head was very likely to have been struck off and left to lie a red poppy in that very bluebell field the question was prompted in. As his lips met her breath, He went sweetly to death At the roots of the bluebells is where he's laid. He remembered one flawless kiss. He heard Oona applauding up a storm and realized the song was all over. He did not even know how she sounded, his wife only hummed a little these days, it was years since the last time he had heard her try to sing her heart out. Could she hit the notes? Was her sound lush? He played with the baby a little, pointing out his wife to the child. The thing waved. Gump led, \"Yes, Lily has the right idea.\" He smiled, \"For every death there is always a feast day.\" He struck up his fiddle, and his bow near caught afire as it danced up and down the strings. The bow sprouted long white wings of its own, its thin body giving the wood the quality of an enormous insect. He stamped a foot on the icy grounds, kicking up snowflakes as the jig grew louder and louder, and he played the role of the very devil himself, he was next to naked, he had such plentiful brazenness, his Cheshire cat smirk and the wildfire in his irises. \"A feast? Right here in the ice, Gump?\" asked Brown Tom, getting up slowly. \"Why not here?\" \"I don't know that the child should stay in the cold much longer,\" mentioned Jack. \"Somewhere else then? Lets see…\" said Gump. Oh did he feel the strands of music in his fingers, so much so that he would not break concentration with that instrument, and look any of them in the face at that moment. He only paid attention to that happy music-maker, and didn't say a word. He pulled a foreign coin from his pocket, a gold one with a picture of a beautiful rhinoceros matron on one side, and a elephant gentleman on the other. He flipped it in the air with his right hand and caught it, his left one still playing the fiddle. The pretty rhinoceros empress fell head first. He ended the song. \"Does anyone have any objection to Bald Mountain?\" \"Where is Bald Mountain?\" Lily asked, her voice sounding like a little girl's. She seemed as she said in one of the songs that she wrote the words to, like a child feels watching a rainbow. Gump leaned in using the bow to gesture over to her, he had that wretched, gleeful look about him. The smile he could not control whenever he was going to kill someone truly deserving or invent some imaginative punishment. \"You'll see Lily.\" He said it quietly, the sport from his face all gone. It scared her life away. Everyone began to quietly, almost uniformly gather their things. Oona asked, \"What about Screwball?\" \"I see no reason why he can't come with us,\" \"He is after all the King of the Feast…so who's got him?\" Gump finished. Jack unemotionally began lifting Screwball, such was his duty in life it seemed, to just be there and move things for people. \"He can go in my carriage,\" Oona said dully, she was so tired. Gump paid the reindeer in silver for their services and waved them goodbye. \"I can fly there if some more space is needed in the carriage,\" Brown Tom started. \"This here coat gives me a lot of help when it is needed. One thing it does is fly.\" \"Good, good. Yes, you do that Brown Tom,\" Gump nodded. He announced, \"Those of you who have wings, or carry any other piece of enchantment with them, please fly or teleport or borough or swim, or use any technique you would like to reach Bald Mountain.\" \"But not you Oona, We need a driver. Unless you can drive in your diminutive form. If you could lift the reins, then some someone could sit next to you…\" \"No I can't.\" She walked over to the coach picking up the hem of her skirts as she trotted through the snow. Lily came running with the baby confused, only following the queen's lead. She ran mumbling things into Oona's pointed ears. He looked around quickly realizing that no one else had wings. Jack and Brown Tom struggled with Screwball into the carriage. The Prince of Unicorns came to try and lighten their load. \"I have it!\" stated Jack with some harshness. Oona clapped her hands, dismissing her servants to make some room for the procession. She bid them a good journey and to take this time and go out and see the world, travel for a few weeks, it would not bother her, and to come back when they felt like it. She was sorry to let them off here. Some men faded away, until there was nothing left but the snow upon which they stood. Jack lifted Lily into the carriage by her waist, her light dress spilling over the steps like water. He smiled with a little teeth this time and looked somewhat like the little boy he used to be for a split second, putting his fingers on her face and giving her a kiss. She had pulled up her black veil to kiss him properly. She looked a million years younger and her lips turned red, and her eyes were back to the color of chocolate drops again. Jack bowed as knights are supposed to for a woman of virtue. Then ran to the other side of the cart, climbing in. Screwball's giant corpse was in between the two however. Jack sat on the chrome and horse mane seats. They were white and shiny, a little too extreme for him. Then he could not help but notice the heavy pumpkin smell coming out of the walls still. Lily tapped her knees anxiously, noticing all of the interesting gadgets hanging down from the ceiling, various inventions from rising stars in the world of fairy science, many of them must have served at Oona's court. Lily fancied herself an inventor these days, and thought she might ask Oona tonight if she could come visit soon. Lily had become increasingly reclusive over the years. Being the unrepentant Pandora that she had always been she pulled on a red twirling cord that hung down from the roof. When she did so yellow lights bored out of some of the windows. She pulled the cord back down to turn the lights off, but instead a silver tray shot out from the arm of her seat instead, a glass vial unfolded, with an enchanted orchid in perfect bloom, bought from a traveler. The orchid sat in water, though this was rather absurd considering that the flower was bewitched to stay fully formed, and would not wilt. Other curiosities on the tray included a strawberry shortcake sandwich next to her to eat. Then there was a blue lever that glittered on the door that was also calling to her. But before she could pull it the door swung open. Blunder was standing in the doorway looking up at her in a sapphire robe, his armor off, holding out a hand. \"Excuse me Princess,\" The place next to the right side of her was too small for a man to sit, but it may have been big enough for a goblin. He sat next to her with his legs out, not touching the floor, which had a carpet lain on it that you could hear growling loudly. He picked the flower from the vase and gave it to her. She pecked him on the cheek. His brown skin was awfully cute, it was close to the shade of a rosewood tree. She looked out the window just above his head, a bevel one, watching a fresh snow fall down. She noticed the Balaunce boy was in the foreground. His shadow seemed much larger than it had been, looming and black. He stood watching the way that the sun was setting casually. A white hand (his good one) was pressing his forehead, there seemed to be an ache there, the sunlight appeared to be making him feel better. Whatever years Jack had just given back to her were taken away by looking over at him again, reminding her of hard things, perhaps a few extra years were taken even, so that she had even less going for her than when she started the day, back home years ago maids may have been able to fix this. Her eyes looked shadowed and ripe with bags. She grew pale and looked a little thinner as she stared through the glass at the potentate whose back was turned. His clothes looked totally black now in the shadow. It had to be her imagination… At the front meanwhile Oona sat on a high black seat, waiting and looking lazy. Her dress was disheveled, the bosom raised, a bare leg dragging across the snow without shoes, her underskirts obvious. Her red hair slopped over her face as if she had been drinking. The orphan baby sitting next to her on the seat, eating a snowball with his big mouth, acting like it was made of tasty rice. Outside, Brown Tom began running across the field, his boots going as fast as his clunky frame could go. As he ran he began suddenly soaring in midair with his fur cloak ballooning up. A mortal looking up at the sky would have surely found the site to be a man holding onto the best kite in the world. \"I hope he finds his way…\" Gump muttered to himself with dread. \"Honeythorn,\" whispered Balaunce. \"Have you got to go?\" \"Do you doubt it?\" Gump started to put his arms around him, but remembered the Rule of Touch. \"I can stand it in this form,\" the prince looked down at the snow. Gump laughed a little, forgetting himself. He grabbed the prince, \"So long Theodore. A true friend!\" Theodore held his hands out stiffly while he was being embraced, or rather his hooves, they had turned completely to that, black and tough. From out of his cloak slid a horse's hind leg, a puddle of blood underneath where he stood. The leg began to kick the stained snow under his feet. He suddenly broke away, pushing Gump off of him. Walking across the ground, holding his hands. He did not wish for anyone to witness him transform. But he was also going to walk away with dignity, not tearing off, and going on four legs like a babe. \"When will you return?\" Gump called out over the snowy field. \"It would take another moon cycle at best, you know that!\" he muttered without looking back. With that the white prince disappeared over the hill. The cane he had come with stayed in the snow, forgotten. \"Is it because of me Gump?\" A Lily left in the dark poked her head out the carriage window, her hair raining down on the glass. \"Is that why he shuns us?\" \"Don't be stupid,\" he said, picking up the giant baby next to Oona. \"You know the way I trust?\" She nodded her head. He walked over behind the carriage with the baby slung over his back, burping it. He proclaimed that a Unicorn knows only kindness, they'd never plot or have opinions, hate. And that they were one of the only sure beauties of the known world. He said all of this as if this were a great epic story for the child to hear. He got on the back of the carriage, sitting on the hump shaped like a root with the changeling and waited for the ride to commence, bouncing the babe on his knee. At the front there were soldiers carrying spades. They were tall and they were skinny, all wearing black, but with ornate gold and violet crests of Oona's house over their jackets. But in place of their head upon each of their shoulders sat a wide pumpkin without a neck. Some of the men wore wool berets on top of their hallow orange heads. They acted as though they were idly talking to each other, here and there resting on the side of the carriage, one offering the other a breath mint from a tray in his pant pocket. Some had their feet propped up and their legs crossed. One may have had their hands on their hips. They had no faces to indicate life, only their walking forms. \"Attention gentlemen,\" The pumpkins looked up. Oona leaned in, \"If you can find us our destination before the hour's halfway run out, we will not be eating pumpkin tonight!\" The pumpkin men put on their halters to tie themselves down with, and they began to run, pulling the carriage, knees touching elbows in their rapid haste. And the pumpkin cart and all of its passengers rode over the river and through the woods... It is easy to go down into Hell; night and day, the gates of dark Death stand wide; but to climb back again, to retrace one's steps to the upper air – there's the rub, the task. - Virgil ","Summary":" Once long ago, before there was such a thing as time, the world was shrouded in darkness. Then came"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Surf's Up 2","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9207859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my very first Surf's Up 2 movie so be nice Pairings: Cody/Z, Cody/Lani (Slash) Rated: T A while ago I asked Sakura Camui if I could have her fic or at least part of it...she rejected my request so I decided to come up with my own and it will not relate to \"Sunrise\" When I was little I loved Cody/Lani but now that I'm older I hate them together but I do like them together as friends Now in this story Cody is 24, Z is 33, Lani is 23, Chicken Joe is 26 I was this film twice and the second time I watched it, it was clear to me that Chicken Joe is gay...you straight-type people wouldn't understand After Cody and Lani saved Arnold from drowning, they looked back at each other lost in love and were just about to kiss until Cody felt something bit him that made him jump up on the kiss, it was passion until Z caught them while surfing on his board the way that they kissed made Z extremely jealous that should be him kissing Cody not his niece but he wasn't the kind of guy who destroys relationships, that's maybe Tank's job especially gay ones Suddenly, he was starting too heart broken to even continue surfing so he took his board up and got out of the water then looked back at the two and had a sad face on He walked slowly to his hut After a couple more minutes, Cody and Lani parted ways then he stroked her cheek in a soothing motion \"Oh Lani...your the most beautiful penguin on the whole island\" He said \"Cody..that was the most sweetest thing you said and the only thing\" She said \"Well I just wanted to make a good job\" He confessed \"You don't have to try so hard\" She said after kissing him on the cheek \"Sorry...it's just that...your the very first one I had an interest in\" He said feeling stupid Lani giggled and got out of the water with her board under her flipper \"Cody...you coming?\" She said looking back at him \"In a minute..I'm going to catch up on a few more waves first \"Okay...come to the hut what your finished\" She shouted out \"Okay\" He said waving bye to his lover Lani smiled and thought \"he's such a handsome penguin\" then walked back to the hut where her uncle was at Z was on his bed sitting up and in his hands was the same pendent that Cody had but different, it was engraved \"Cody\" \"I love you...Cody\" He said as if the pendent was him\" He held it against his chest and sighed then Lani entered the door Z had quickly hid the pendent because it was was one thing that his niece saw Cody's but if she would had saw Z's she might think that he is hitting on his including the fact that he's older then Cody \"What are you doing here and where's Cody? Z said worrying \"He's surfing but he'll be back soon\" She explained Z got off of the bed, got his board and went outside \"Where're you going\" She said putting a hand on her hip \"Wyataya ya think...going to surf with Cody\" He said \"Okey...becareful...it's starting to rain\" She shouted to warn him \"Don't worry about it\" He said before walking towards the beach Cody was trying to get some tricks in but kept failing, instead he fell in the water each time \"Why can't I get this stupid thing down?\"He said after the failed backflip Suddenly, he heard Z calling out to him which made him face him Cody waved his flipper in the air and Z got his board then jumped in the water while his chest was attached to it He made nice and easy strokes towards his best friend and possible lover \"Cody\" He said swimming up to him then stopped in front of him \"Hey...Z\" He smiled Cody always loved surfing with the legend, it made him feel safe and his heart kept skipping beats...wait what had gotten into him...no...he didn't like him that way or did he \"What are you doing? Z said looking at him with a smirk \"I'm trying to do some tricks\" He explained \"Well you better hurry...it's starting to rain\" He said looking up at the clouds \"Okay\" He said looking back at him \"Hey...why don't I surf with you\" He said smiling This made Cody's heart bounce up then down \"Yes...I mean sure\" He nervously said \"Great...come on...I see a big wave out there\" He said getting on his board \"Let's go then\" They swam towards it 49 minutes later, gray clouds started to come out and Chicken Joe who we all know who was spending his time with the savages ( all males ) I think, they were washing each others bodies One of the savages felt a rain drop on the head and another on his hands He spoke gibberish to the other penguins and Chicken Joe seemed to understood them so they got out of the hot tub (as Chicken Joe called it) and went inside the teepee or whatever they lived in All of them cuddled up to his chest in just rested their heads upon him Back in the beach, Z was just doing some plain surfing while Cody tried his failed tricks then both felt rain dropping into the water and swam back to sore They got to land and Cody laid on the ground panting hard and told Z to kneel down beside him to tell him his biggest secret he hasn't told anyone so he did \"Cody..You need something?\" He said in shock \"Come closer\" He said weakly barely breathing Z came close to his ear and whispered in it saying \"kiss me\" Z blinked twice at then because he knew he was with Lani but I guess it wasn't meant to be so he smiled and slowly pushing on Cody's lips, the kiss was full of lust and passion then his heart rate started to go up, he had never felt this kind of love from Lani probably cause he never experienced it Arnold for the first time saw the two kissing and didn't pretend to drown because when he saw Cody and Lani kiss he said don't do it probably cause he didn't want them to be together The song \"Kissing U by Miranda Cosgrove played in the background, it was pure heart to heart Both parted ways and looked deeply in each others eyes, Cody almost didn't realized how drop dead beautiful the yellow circles around eyes and that hair, it was like heaven \"I love you...Z\" He said taking his fin in his Z went speechless for a sec then sighed \"Cody...I gotta tell you something\" He said laying beside him \"What is it?\" He said facing him \"When I saw you and Lani kissed...I was jealous of you \"What do you mean?\" He said in confusion \"Your so handsome and charming...I see who held on to that necklace Cody just kissed him on the cheek which gone into another passionate kiss then Z pulled away and got up from the ground as he spotted something in the water floating The 24 year old got out as well and walked to his legend then Z picked up the pendent and held it against his face \"My pendent\" He said holding his flippers against his neck \"I thought you might need this since we just started a relationship...may I?\" He said smoothly but charming Cody nodded and turned around then Z slowly put the pendent around his neck in the most lovable way possible and the younger turned back around \"Thank you Z\" He said before kissing him again one the cheek Z blushed bright red and took Cody's hand and the new couple walked to the hut Hope you enjoyed this chapter I did, I mostly enjoyed the part with Chicken Joe but he'll show up in later chapters For the first part a song \"Jealous by Ne-yo was added, I know that the lyrics don't make any sense whatsoever but I listened to it like twice and I think it fits pretty well, it seems to fit Big Z's Jealousy I almost forgot Tank I don't think he's the gay or and bisexual type, I would like him to be If you want then We'll see what happens in the future Review if you can[Chapter 2] This is my second chapter of the movie Surf's Up 2 Pairing: Z/Cody (Slash) Sorry about the wait long wait but I was working on other stories but I'm back and ready to go As they were walking towards the hut, Z was telling his boyfriend some funny jokes and he laughed until then bumped into Lani who was going to check on Chicken Joe, gave them the signal to pull away from each other like nothing was going on between them \"Lani...what're you doing here? Cody said \"I'm was going to check on your gay friend but I'm more interested in you and Z\" She said Well...we just went swimming\" Z said looking at the smaller penguin \"That explains why you're all wet\" She said seeing water on their skin The two just smiled at her then she said \"Well see ya\" before going off leaving the two then after, Z sighed in relief before turning to his boyfriend \"She'll never know\" He said kissing his lips but knowing Cody, he didn't like to keep secrets from anyone and was indeed open-minded, don't forget he was in love with Z aka the living legend so he had no choice cause he could teach him all his tricks and tips...he made his decision Without thinking, he took his flipper and put on his back then with his other, put in against him before Cody got the message and backed away \"Sorry...I don't dance\" He claimed to the legend \"Aww come on...here..I'll teach you\" He said holding out a flipper Cody thought about this and Z was many things, Brave, handsome, a brilliant surfer, a hippy and one of a kind but never had he expected him to be a dancer so he took a chance and took his flipper but was pulled close to his stomach \"Just follow my lead\" He said looking into his eyes Seeing that yellow around his eyes made him wrap his flippers around his neck The song\" Written On My Heart By Plus One\" played while they danced until Chicken Joe came along wearing his girly-gay outfit causing Z to drop Cody by accident Cody was hurting for a bit but is went away shortly after and got up dusting himself off the facing his friend \"Joe...what're you doing here? He said unexpectedly \"Dudes wanted to see my look\" He said when suddenly, a Indian penguin came and pulled on his wing getting his attention \"What is it little dune? He said facing him \"(Come on)\" He gibbered to the destination for the tribe then the two just stared at him until Chicken Joe forgot to introduce him so he stood his ground forcing the penguin to stop and walked up to him in confusion when the Chicken in his own words gibbered while pointing to the two who just looked at the Indian penguin Guys...this is Solo...he's the leader\" He said getting down on his knees Cody walked up to the sorter penguin but Joe warmed him to stand still and Cody asked why then without noticing, he walked around him studying him Cody in his point of view thought it felt strange but to him it felt normal then after covering his legs, he told him to bend down which he rolled his eyes too but did as told Solo felt his hair feeling every piece that Z giggled a little \"This is so embarrassing\" He thought then gone over to his wing and started to get any sense out of it \"Uh...yeah...that's my flipper\" He said nervously but he ignored him and continued his work then after, he went over to the legendry surfer and did the exact same thing but with a twist After some time, the Indian penguin walked back to him and whispered in his ear causing the two lovers to listen then the Chicken walked over to the two who gulped \"Solo said you two are lovers\" He said before smiling \"Look...Chicken don't tell Lani, okay? Cody said but instead of nodding, he put his wing over his neck and gave him a nuggie \"Okay...I get it...we're cool\" Cody said before pulling away \"Rock on...Cody...liven the dream\" Joe said then turned his face to Solo who said that the party is starting in his own language so he willingly just went into the forest Cody and his boyfriend looked at each other saying that \"what do we do now\" look until Solo told both to come and join before running to catch up with the big chicken They smiled as Cody took the legend's flipper in his and followed the other two and when they got to the tribe, it had a bond fire in the middle \"Come on...lets dance\" Z said running to join the others and told Cody to join him but he quickly denied cause he wasn't good dancing in complete public so he went over to Chicken Joe who was now sitting on his throne with two Indian penguins slowly fanning him with two big ferns and there was Solo as his foot-stool \"Cody...what's up?\" He said looking at him \"It's just that...I not that much of a dancer\" He conformed to him with nervousness \"Cody...just relax, man...take a load off\" He said giving his some advice but he was a surfer but not a dancer and Z just happened to change that about him so he thought about it for a bit then decided that he was right \"Okay...I'm do it...for Big Z\" He said talking in his mind while looking at him before snapping into reality and gone to his side \"Cody...you came\" Z said while facing him \"Sorry\" He started but he was silenced by Z telling to just got with the beat Cody agreed and put his flipper on his shoulder and Z put his on the back before dancing The Indian penguins made a huge circle around them making Cody incredibly nervous but Z calmed him but telling to just look at him He agreed at looked into his eyes...he just couldn't resist the yellow circles around them before they forgot their fears and the song \"Shine by Cassidy Ladden & Kelly Sheridan played in the background as Cody followed his boyfriend's footsteps Chicken Joe is now the king of the tribe but Solo is a name I crated for the penguin cause I felt like he should have a name, keep in mind that I'll be thinking of other names for the rest but once Lani finds out about Cody' s relationship with Big Z...how will she react, find out in the next chapter Also, if you hate on me then I'll just ignore you cause you guys are just wasting your time posting hate comments but if it's good then good for you[Chapter 3] This is my third chapter of Surf's Up Pairings: Z/Cody Tank/Drake Cody/Lani (Slash) Rated: K+ It didn't take long for the tribe to get tired, Chicken Joe, his boyfriend, and the rest were sleeping in a hut they had built out of logs. Solo had his head on the chicken's chest, feeling his heartbeat while Joe was rubbing his back, the rest were crowding the two to made sure that their king was comfortable as possible. Cody and Big Z were both laying down, looked at the night sky \"Well? Z said starting off with an answerable question \"Well what? Cody turned his head facing him. 'How'd you like that dance? Big Z asked. \"Oh..it was rather fun\" He tapped his flippers together and nervously chuckled though Z knew he was lying. Cody caught Big Z staring at him with his heart-stealer eyes \"Okay, you got me...I love dancing\" He said after sighing \"You happy now? Big Z chuckled followed up to a laugh and took a deep breath. \"Z? He turned to his side\" Hm? He asked. \"Lani is going to flip once she finds out I'm dating her uncle\" He chuckled leading to a sigh \"I do wonder how am I going to tell her, though. Big Z scooted closer to him forcing Cody to look at him \"I've already said, she doesn't have to know.\" Big Z made the first move and puckered his lips. Cody smiled and blushed then got closer, they kissed. It was pure magic as Z pulled him closer to his chest. It lasted for a few more seconds before pulling away. \"Cody, I'm no good at saying this, but I love you,\" He said passionately. \"I love you too big guy.\" They got up from the sand \"Hey, how about we go surfing\" Cody quickly suggested. \"You mean just the two of us? Z asked looking confused. Cody scoffed \"No, I'll ask Lani to join us,\" He said before walking away \"I'm not following you\" Z said. The teenage penguin stopped and turned around. \"Think of it as our very first date but Lani will be thinking that we're just having fun\" He winked at him. \"Oh, now I get it' Z said getting it in his head Well, I'll see ya at-\"He paused cause he forgot to set a time. \"Sunset\" Cody explained and kissed Z on the cheek goodbye then continued walking away. \"I'll see ya then' Big Z waved at him before going to his hut. Cody chuckled as he pulled back a huge leaf and it took him a few steps before stumbling upon Lani. \"Lani, what's up? He said after clearing his throat. \"Well, I was helping Tank with his depression,\" She said putting her hands behind her back. \"Tank? He scoffed while chuckling \"Isn't he always proud and determined? He asked knowing that was truthful. \"I just thought that until he asked for my help trying to get Drake to notice him,\" She said, and her boyfriend asked who he was. Lani explains that he's a buff penguin that just moved here from Antarctica.\" She said. \"Cool, mind if we go met him? He asked \"Actually, that's a superb idea,\" She said smiling and they walked together. So, what were you and Z talking about? She asked not looking at him. Cody was shocked, thinking that she might be suspicious \"Uhh, we were thinking of going surfing at sunset.' He said hoping she doesn't catch onto the fact their dating. \"Oh, that sounds fun.\" She said and took his flipper in her's On the beach behind two half-split, Tank was looking through his binoculars which were made of leaves and sap at Drake breaking some coconuts with his powerful biceps, and it cracked then the penguin took it then drank its milk. He did this for about 20 coconuts \"Wow, those muscles are big and bold like him\" He focused on his strength. He was tapped on the shoulder which startled him, he looked back and sighed in relief to see it was only Lani and Cody \"Oh, it's you\" He said smiling. \"Tank, what're you doing spying on Drake' She said making Cody scooted tank over to look. 'That's Tank? He said shocked. \"Yeah, isn't he wonderful\" He sighed romantically. Lani explained that he had those trophies at home then Cody took off the binoculars, turning around to asked a very significant question. \"Tank, I've always wondered something, why do you name your trophies after girls? He asked. \"Yeah, I've been wondering about that too' She said after her boyfriend while her arms were crossed. Tank put his hand behind his head claiming that he had an excellent reason. \"It's to fill a void,\" He said after sighing in depression. \"Oh...that a good explanation,\" She said. \"So, let me get this straight...you're bisexual? Cody asked after putting his hand down from his head. Tank nodded, and Lani put a flipper on his shoulder forcing him to look at her \"It's okay, you finally found a real penguin to love' She said calmly. He smiled and thanked them until Drake greeted them. The two turned around to see him, and Cody quickly threw the binoculars in a bunch of leaves \"Drake, what're you doing here? Lani asked \"I was just wondering, would you like to have some coconut milk,\" He said offering to her but she kindly denied so he turned to Cody, and he did the same thing. \"Thanks, Drake but we're just going to have some fun' Cody said before taking her flipper \"Yeah, so...we should probably leave you two alone,\" She said, and they walked away. \"I'm so stupid at first impressions,\" He said after face-palming his forehead. \"I'll try some\" A voice said making Drake turn around to see a smiling Tank causing him to smile back. Please be aware that I did this to get the Homophobes mad but I did enjoy doing this cause it's been so long since I updated this. Drake is a character from The Pebble and the Penguin. Edited by Grammerly[Chapter 4] This is my fourth chapter of Surf's Up Pairings: Z/Cody, Tank/Drake, Cody/Lani (Slash) Cody and his girlfriend were walking to his hut while conversing \"Hey, what time did Drake get here? He asked. \"I asked him about that and he said two days ago. \"Wow, did he explain why he came here? She shrugged her shoulders \"on count on his muscles, my guess in that he came here to workout. \"Well, Tank is defiantly keeping him company He said after chuckling. \"Yeah, looks like he got his hands tied' Lani said as the approached the hut and Cody opened the door, but both paused when they saw Lani's uncle laying down on the bed, snacking on his favorite food, clams. \"Z, what're you doing here? Cody asked when his girlfriend closed the door. \"Just thought I relax and have a snack\" He responded before popping one in his mouth. \"Clams? Cody rubbed his chin\" that dose sound good, maybe I should try a little\" He smiled. His girlfriend scoffed \"I'm gonna go check back on Tank\" She was before heading out and closing it. Big Z looked at his boyfriend and told him to come and sit next to him. Cody looked at the legend and couldn't help, but give out a smile. He just felt so much connection whenever he was around him \"You really like those clams, huh? He walked on over and jumped onto the bed, beside him. \"You bet\" he picked up two clam. \"care to try one? while breaking the shells. \"What the heck\" He shrugged his shoulders and took one clam from him and tasted it. It had a rather slimy yet juicy taste to it. After chewing and swishing it sround in his mouth, catching it with his cheekbones, he gulped it down. \"This is pretty good, you have anymore? He asked. \"Nope\" Z placed his hand on his stomach and patted it causing a belch. Cody was struggling to control his dissent urges, but his heart is saying that he should cuddle with him. He was always a true believer of following your own heart so he scooted up on the bed and snuggled up to him \"He's warm\" He thought in the moment of his touch. Big Z immediately took a notice to the smaller penguin close by his side. Cody looked up at the legend and apologized \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to take it that far\" He said, thinking that it wasn't the correct motive for this time, but fortunately, he was hoping the same himself. \"Cody\" he chuckled \"you don't have apologize to me...you can see me as irresistible if you want\" Z knows that Cody had always held him close to his heart even if he didn't want to be found. He smiled as a tear ran down his cheek, he did feel like they could tell each other just about anything, there was absolutely no secrets, but Cody did in fact have one very naughty secret he wanted to keep to himself though the amount of trust was increasing since they are now closer together. He turned his back to him cause he felt very ashamed for thinking such a undignified thought. Big Z sensed his boyfriend was sad by the way his back was facing him so he asked him if he was alright. No answer so he tried to wrap his flippers around him, but Cody just nudged him off and got off of the bed \"I should probably go\" He said turning his head to the side while looking at him in the corner of his eye. \"Is it something you wanna talk about cause I could help? He asked, but Cody just strained himself and tightly closed his eyes, hoping that he wouldn't get tense \"I ...just need to be alone to thinking about things\" He walked forward towards the door. Big Z's instinct said that he should go after him, but his mind was saying \"he needs time, he'll come back when he's ready. Drake was just flexing his body muscles while Tank was smoothing his flippers over them. \"Wow, your really muscular\" He said, feel the rock-hardiness. \"Well\" he extended his arms in a pose \"I didn't just get ripped by my handsome good-look\" he smiled, showing his teeth which were perfect. Tank felt like a puddle of ice that had just melted into oblivion. Drake loves it when his muscles felt appreciated unlike two curtain penguins in Antarctica. Just then, he saw Lani from a distance and walking towards them. He wanted to tell his boyfriend to lay off for a minute, but he was thoroughly enjoying this way too much to even care. Same had gone for Tank, like he was hypnotized cause he had muscles of steel, no..more like a god. \"I wish I could have muscles like that' He thought as it was making him jealous. Lani went up to Tank who was no paying her any attention cause he was distracted. she crossed her arms and shook her head while smiling cause she would probably have the same reaction so she understood. Tank's eyes went dreamily and was silveing, no because he was cold, but for thirst. \"You really got yourself busy\" She said nervously. Drake did more then just flex, he squeezed his pecs together with his arms causing his boyfriend to drool and made his heart bounce. \"I'm doing you next\" Drake said. This turned too weird for the female so she left them to their romantic moment. \"I'm gonna go back to my uncle. (0) Cody was walking towards the forest when he was his girlfriend running to him, fearing of her knowing of his romantic relationship with her uncle was the last thing on his mind. He was thinking that why she wanted to know why is her boyfriend was spending all his time with Big Z. He was shameful and just ran into the forest. Lani stopped and shouted his name, but he was already far away. \"Hmmm, better go talk to my uncle\" She went onto the hut. I just love Drake even though he was evil to Marina and Hubie, but let me know what you think of him. Cody is going through some deep thought with Big Z and dealing with Lani not finding out at the same time so he could tell her the truth, but he wasn't sure what he reaction would be. ","Summary":" This is my very first Surf's Up 2 movie so be nice Pairings: Cody/Z, Cody/Lani (Slash) Rated: T A w"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"The Rossetti Girl","Author":"Dantegate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8800759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! I saw Lawless and was instantly in love with the movie! I loved Forrest out of the brothers (Tom Hardy is amazing!) I got inspired to write this story and wanted to do a prologue to start it off to get some feedback. Though the Bondurants don't make the debut until the next update, I wanted to intruduce the main character, Lilibelle. So give me some feedback and what you think so far. Thanks, Dante. Please REVIEW! Love, the strongest and deepest element in all life, the harbinger of hope, of joy, of ecstasy; love, the defier of all laws, of all conventions; love, the freest, the most powerful moulder of human destiny. - Emma Goldman The Rossetti Girl Prologue My Daddy was a good man, even though he did some bad things. His name was Theodore Rossetti; though everyone called him Theo. If you saw my daddy, you would think he was the calmest man to live in Atlanta, Georgia. But underneath that calm facade laid a man capable of some brutal things. I had never seen that side of my father until the night of November 3, 1932. I remember that it had started to snow, a novelty in the usually hot Atlanta. Everything changed after that night; for the good and the bad. My life turned on its head. October 1932 I was eighteen years old and was working as a secretary for Mr. Wade, a small town lawyer working in the big city. He was a kind enough man, though somewhat of a dunce. He truly would have been lost without me. My brothers weren't that supportive of me working; they all had jobs and thought it was the lady's place to stay at home and cook and clean. I did that anyway as no Rossetti man knew what to do when it came to cooking or cleaning. I worked because I wanted my own money; I was a bit independent you could say, in my youth. My oldest brother, Jed, used to tease me about my job, calling me, \"girl Friday\" every morning before I walked the five blocks to the law office. My Daddy never liked me walking and would always send one of my brothers to \"escort\" me to work. Eventually I got my very own driver's license; not many girls had those. I had five brothers. Momma died when I was four from losing so much blood when she was giving birth to Jace; at least that's what Jed said. There was Jed, Chester, then Bill, Wyatt, and then Jace. Jed was my big brother, always taking charge. Chester was a bit of a hothead, Bill was like Daddy, always calm, Wyatt was always more than happy to flirt with a pretty girl, and Jace was the baby, everyone always watched out for him. Daddy never liked it though; said he didn't want any of his boys to be sissies. It was hot that morning as I got ready for work. I wore a knee length skirt with a camisole and a light satin blouse. I just finished putting my heels on when Jace stuck his head into my room without knocking, \"Lilibelle, when you gonna cook breakfast?!\" I threw my brush at the door, causing Jace to use the door as a shield, \"What did I say about knocking?!\" \"Sorry!\" he called out from the other side. I smiled though, and when I opened my door, I ruffled his curls, \"Come on, I'll whip up something.\" We lived above Daddy's butcher shop, where I tended to help out on the weekends when the law office was closed. It was a bit crowded with everyone living under the same roof due to the depression, but we made due. Jed, Bill, and Wyatt were already sitting around the table, waiting for me to make breakfast, \"How come I got to do everything around here?\" I put my hands on my hips and looked at them, raising a brow. Jed shrugged, \"It's woman's work.\" I hit the back of his head as I passed him, walking towards the stove where Jace had already set out the eggs and bacon. I ruffled his hair once more as he set the milk down on the counter, \"At least someone's nice enough to help me around here.\" Wyatt rolled his eyes, \"Suck up.\" Jace glared at his older brother, \"I am not!\" \"Go sit down, Jace,\" I said as I broke an egg over the skillet. He did as I said , sliding down into his seat while crossing his arms and pouting at Wyatt's words. \"Where's Chester?\" I asked. Bill looked up from the newspaper, \"He already went to the mill.\" \"Already?\" I asked, turning to face him. \"Yup, left around three this morning,\" Jed said as he rose to grab the milk from the counter, pouring a bit into his coffee. I sighed; ever since the war, he hadn't been the same. Chester had enlisted and had left a happy man. When he got back, he was an angry man. He never talked about the war, just kept to himself or got into a fight. It wasn't uncommon to see Chester with a black eye. \"Alright,\" I mumbled as I began to fry the bacon. \"MmMm, what smells so good this morning?\" Daddy walked into the kitchen and rubbed his hands together in anticipation, \"What's for breakfast, Lilibelle?\" He kissed my forehead before taking his seat at the head of the table, \"Just some eggs and bacon, Daddy.\" Daddy was a tall man, like all my brothers were, and was broad-shouldered. His once blond hair was now gray with flecks of white running through. He was an imposing man; not many made it a point to cross my father. He looked around the table and stopped at Jace, \"What's the matter with you, boy?\" Jace shook his head, \"Nothin' Pa.\" I finished breakfast and left the dishes for Jace to clean, \"I don't have time! I got to get to work!\" He mumbled under his breath, something about girl's work, but rolled up his sleeves and did as I asked. I kissed my brothers and father goodbye, and left for work. Upon arriving at the office, I was met by Mr. Wade, who wore an old suit. \"Good morning, sir,\" I said kindly from my desk. He mumbled under his breath, waving his hand limply in the air before shutting the door to his private office. I was left to the quiet; the only sounds being the typewriter and occasional telephone call. Noon rolled around and I took my break, heading outside to sit at the park, where I ate my small lunch. When I walked back into the office, I made my way towards my desk when the door opened from behind me. I turned on my heels and smiled at the four men who walked inside. They were nicely dressed; all new suits from the looks of them. I held my hands in front of me as I asked, \"May I help you?\" The older of the four offered a polite smile, \"I'm here to talk to Mr. Wade. Shivers is the name, sweetheart.\" I held back a sneer at the term, \"sweetheart,\" and returned his polite smile before sitting at my desk to look at Mr. Wade's appointment book. Sure enough, a Mr. Frank Shivers had an appointment at 1:00 pm sharp. At least Mr. Shivers was punctual. As I passed the men to get to Mr. Wade's office, I couldn't help but notice the young man standing next to Mr. Shivers. He resembled the older man; had the same dark eyes and black hair, though Mr. Shivers had lines of gray running through his. He was watching me with a smile I didn't like, at all. I knocked on Mr. Wade's door before entering, \"Sir, Mr. Shivers is here for his appointment.\" Mr. Wade looked up from his crowded desk sharply, \"He is?\" I nodded, my brown curls bouncing slightly, \"Yes sir.\" He fidgeted in his seat, \"Alright, send him in Ms. Rossetti.\" Leaving the door open, I motioned for Mr. Shivers to walk inside, \"He'll see you now Mr. Shivers.\" He touched the edge of his hat and gave a slight bow of the head as he passed, \"Thank you sweetheart.\" The younger man followed, winking at me as he passed. I straitened and looked away, shutting the door behind them as the two silent and much larger men followed behind them. They were inside with Mr. Wade for over an hour before his office door reopened. I looked up to see the young man step out, shutting the door behind him. I gave a polite smile before looking back at the typewriter in front of me. \"What's your name, sugar?\" I jumped slightly at the question. Looking up, I was taken aback at how close the man was standing to me. He was leaning on the side of my desk, arms and legs crossed as he looked down at me with that same grin from earlier. \"Excuse me?\" I asked, not really wanting to talk to the man. \"What's your name?\" he asked again. I crossed my arms across my chest, \"Why do you want to know, sir?\" He gave a chuckle, \"No need to be defensive, doll. Just asking a pretty girl what her name is.\" Trying to be polite as possible, I said, \"I would appreciate it if you didn't call me that.\" \"What, pretty? Cause that's gonna be hard to do since you have one pretty face,\" he said in a flirting tone. The door to Mr. Wade's office opened once more, this time with Mr. Shivers and the two other men walking out. I was ever so glad. That meant they would be leaving. Mr. Wade followed, shaking Mr. Shivers had, \"Thank you for your business, Mr. Shivers. I look forward to working with you.\" Mr. Shivers nodded, \"I'll send one of my boys with the last payment tomorrow.\" Mr. Wade nodded his head, \"Thank you.\" As he turned to leave, Mr. Shivers gave me a polite goodbye before turning to the young man, \"Nathan, let's go.\" The man, Nathan, didn't look away from me, \"Give me a sec, Pop.\" So he was Mr. Shivers son. I wasn't surprised; they did resemble each other after all. Mr. Shivers reached out and brought the back of his hand across Nathan's head, \"Do as you are told, boy!\" Nathan removed his hat and rubbed the back of his head before looking at me once more. He didn't say anything. He turned sharply on his heels and stormed out of the office, soon followed by a more calm Mr. Shivers. I was never so happy to see someone leave Mr. Wade's office. \"Ms. Rossetti,\" called Mr. Wade from his office. I walked in, \"Yes Mr. Wade?\" He looked worn and nervous at the same time, \"Please sit down Ms. Rossetti.\" He motioned for me to sit across from him. I did as he asked, unsure of what he wanted, \"Is everything alright sir?\" Mr. Wade sighed heavily before leaning on his desk, folding his hands together, \"I have to let you go, Ms. Rossetti.\" I stared at him in disbelief, \"What?\" \"I'm sorry but I can no longer afford a secretary. Hard times are upon us and I cannot simply afford you anymore. I am sorry.\" I was in shock. The office had been doing rather well considering the depression, but I had seen the books. We were fine, \"But sir...\" He held up his hands, \"I'm sorry Ms. Rossetti, but there's nothing more to say. I'll give you the rest of the week, but come Monday; you no longer work here.\" Anger boiled inside me. Rising to my feet, I said, \"Oh go to hell greaseball!\" I stormed from his office and grabbed my things from my desk before leaving the office in a fury. I couldn't believe it. I had been fired. When I got home I headed straight for my bedroom, slamming the door behind me. I didn't even stop by the shop downstairs to greet my father, I was so mad. I kicked off the heels I hated to wear and pulled my hair from the bun I wore my curls in, shaking my head of the ache I always got from wearing it up so long. I pulled of my stockings and threw them across the room. I fell back against my bed and looked up at the ceiling; why did Mr. Wade fire me? \"Lilibelle?\" I turned my head to see Jace standing in the doorway. I didn't even hear the door open. His head was down and he was holding his hat in his hands against his chest. I looked at the small clock lying on my dresser; it was too early for him to be home from school. \"What are you doing home, Jace?\" I asked as I rose from the bed. He mumbled under his breath as I approached. I lifted his chin so he could look me in the face, \"Speak u-oh my god!\" I cradled his face in my hands as I looked at his busted lip and cut up face. His right eye was swollen shut, \"What happened to you!?\" He fidgeted before saying, \"I got in a fight at school.\" Sighing, I took hold of his arm and led him into the kitchen and forced him to sit, \"Don't move.\" I pulled a clean rag from a drawer and a small bowl of water, \"Why did you get into a fight?\" As I sat down next to him at the table and began to dab at his cuts, he said, \"Nothin'\" I looked at him pointedly, \"Jace, don't lie to me.\" He sighed, \"John Thompson said our family ain't nothing but inbred hicks.\" I stopped cleaning his face and dropped the rag into the bowl, \"Jace, you can't let people get the best of you.\" Leaning forward, Jace pounded his fist on the table, \"But he's been saying that kinda stuff for a while; I wasn't gonna let him talk about us that way!\" \"What's all the yellin' about?\" Turning, we saw Daddy standing in the doorway in his bloody apron. He took a step into the kitchen, pointing at Jace's face, \"What happened son?\" Jace looked down, biting his lip. Daddy laid a hand on my shoulder, \"Darlin' why don't you leave me and yer brother alone?\" I nodded before patting Jace's head and disappearing from the kitchen. That night, as I finished cooking super, Chester walked in, finally coming home from the mill outside the city. He silently kissed my cheek before washing his hands in the sink. Chester had curly dark brown hair and a beard that he had let grow out, with a ruddy complexion. \"How was your day, Ches?\" I asked, trying to break the silence. He dropped himself into a chair and scratched the back of his head, \"It went.\" I nodded silently, biting my lip, \"Oh.\" A flurry of footsteps entered the kitchen as the sounds of chairs scrapping against the floor filled my ears. I turned and saw everybody was sitting at the table, looking at me expectedly, \"What?\" \"Hurry up woman, we're starvin!\" Jed said as he slapped his hands on the table. Daddy took his napkin and slapped it against Jed's head, \"Mine yer manners, Jedidiah!\" Jed held up his hands in defense, \"Alrigh\"!\" Ever the gentleman, Jace took the ham and set it on the table for me as I set mashed potatoes and green beans around it, \"Hope you like it boys!\" Wyatt snorted, \"Lilibelle, have we ever not liked your cooking?\" I patted his shoulder as I passed him to take my place between Bill and Chester. \"Anybody got news?\" Daddy asked, cutting into his ham. Nobody said anything except for the occasional grunt, too busy stuffing their faces with food. So I cleared my throat and said, \"I got fired today.\" The sound of silverware clanking on the plates was the only sound, which quickly was replaced with silence before Bill broke it, \"What!\" \"What're you talking about?\" asked Jed asked sharply. \"I told you that lawyer weren't no good!\" Wyatt said as he threw his napkin on his near empty plate. Chester and Daddy were the only ones who were silent. Jace was asking if I was alright, which I answered with a simple nod. Daddy finally spoke up, \"Alright that's enough hollerin'! Quiet!\" The boys got quiet and looked at Daddy, who finished chewing his food and wiping the corners of his mouth, \"Now, Lilibelle, why were you fired?\" I sighed and shook my head as I crossed my arms and fell back against my chair, \"Mr. Wade claims that he can't pay me anymore; which is a lie! I've seen his finance books. He called me into his office after a new client came in. Said I had until Monday.\" \"Well we'll just have to go have a little talk with Mr. Wade, won't we?\" Jed said from across the table. \"Now Jed, don't lose yer temper,\" Daddy warned. \"It's fine, really,\" I said, causing Jed to look at me sharply. \"Fine? There's nothin' fine about it, Lilibelle. He fired you without a reason!\" Jed yelled, rising to his feet. \"Jed,\" Daddy said calmly, \"if Lilibelle wants you to do something, she'll let ya know.\" My brother plopped back down in his seat, though begrudgingly, \"Alright.\" \"So,\" Daddy said as he looked over at me with a smile, \"guess you'll be working with me in the shop for time being?\" I nodded, \"Of course, Daddy.\" \"Good,\" Bill said, mouth full of potatoes, \"that way we can keep an eye on her.\" I raised one brown eyebrow, \"Excuse me?\" \"He's right,\" Wyatt said, \"got to keep the boys away from ya.\" My mouth dropped and I reached across the table to smack at him but he dodged, \"I think I'm old enough if I want boys to come around!\" Daddy shook his head, sighing, \"Please don' make yer daddy worry, honey. I don' need no boys coming around here for yer brothers to kill.\" Being the only girl in a family full of boys didn't help me when it came to the opposite sex. Even when I was younger, my brothers didn't like it much when boys tried to play with me. \"Don't worry Daddy; I'm not looking for a man just yet.\" I said sweetly. \"Good,\" mumbled Chester, speaking at the table for the first time. I looked at him and gave a tiny smile, rubbing his arm under the table affectionately. The corner of his mouth ticked; the only sign of a smile from him these days. It had been two weeks since I was fired from the law office and I had been working in Daddy's butchery since. I mostly just took peoples orders or helped them find things around the shop. Today was a relatively slow day. I was leaning against the counter, letting my mind wonder. \"What are you doin'?\" I looked behind me to see Daddy sticking his head through the open window, leaning on his arms. I smiled, \"Waiting for customers to come in.\" He smiled and winked at me before disappearing to cut up more meat. The bell above the door rang, causing me to turn to greet whoever walked in, \"Hello, what can I get for-\" Standing in the doorway was Nathan Shivers. He wore a pinstriped suit, which appeared tailored, and very nice shoes. His hair was slicked back and he was clean shaven. I peered behind him and saw the same two large men from the office standing outside the shop, their backs to the windows of the shop. I cleared my throat, \"What can I get for you?\" He grinned and walked up to the counter, \"Nice to see you again Ms. Rossetti, I heard about what happened. I'm so sorry for you losing your job and all.\" I gave a stiff smile, \"Well thank you.\" There was a moment of awkward silence before Nathan shifted, his hands coming out of his pockets and resting them on either side of mine on the counter, \"So I was thinking I could take you out sometime.\" I tilted my head and stared at him, \"I'm sorry?\" \"You know, like a date. I'll show you a good time,\" he said confidently. I pulled my hands from the counter, \"Mr. Shivers,\" \"Nathan,\" he interrupted. \"Nathan,\" I said strainingly, \"I'm flattered but no thank you.\" He furrowed his brow, \"No thanks? Doll, do you know who I am?\" I crossed my arms, \"Do you want any meat or not, Mr. Shivers?\" He straightened and adjusted his suit, grinning, \"Watcha offering?\" I signed inwardly, \"What are you looking for? We have sirloin, steak, hamburger...\" He leaned forward, looking me up and down suggestively, \"How 'bout some thigh?\" I stepped back, not liking his flirtatious attitude, \"Mr. Shivers,\" \"Can I help you, son?\" I closed my eyes in relief as my father stepped out from the back. Turning I saw him in his bloody apron, holding his cleaver in his hand as he walked up next to me. Nathan nodded his head politely, \"You must be Theo; my father told me all about you. Didn't they used to call you \"Butcher\" in the old days, when you were working for my father?\" I gave my father a look. I was no stranger that Daddy used to be on the other side of the law; he had been very honest with us about that part of his life. Daddy gave a chuckle, \"I used to be your daddy's partner, son. I never worked for 'em.\" Nathan held up his hands as an apology, \"Of course, Mr. Rossetti. Imagine my surprise when I met your beautiful daughter at our new lawyer's office. Pop told me all about you.\" Daddy placed a hand on the small of my back and said, \"Darlin' why doing you go upstairs? I think you've done enough work for today.\" I knew that look in Daddy's eye. It was a cold and hard stare that he only ever had when he was really mad, \"Alright Daddy.\" Out of politeness, I turned to Nathan, \"Have a nice day, Mr. Shivers.\" As I walked to the back steps, I heard him call out, \"Nathan, doll!\" For weeks, Nathan would show up out of nowhere, trying to get a date out of me. He would pop into the shop but luckily wouldn't stay long thanks to Daddy's presence. Or would come to a club I was at with Wyatt or Bill. I had to stop Wyatt from starting a fight with him once or twice already. I was afraid that if my brothers got into a fight with him, Nathan would do something. He made it pretty clear that he and his father were gangsters. That night at the club he managed to corner me and was nearly begging, \"Come on Belle, I want you to be my moll. You wouldn't have to work another day in your father's dirty shop again, or anywhere! I'd take care of you.\" He had grabbed my arm tightly and when I pulled away, I nearly stumbled, \"I already told you, I'm not interested Mr. Shivers! Please stop.\" I walked away to find Wyatt and Bill waiting for me at our table. I was afraid Nathan Shivers was going to do something. Daddy eventually had me stop working at the shop and stay at home, much to my agitation. I didn't want to be cooped up at home, hiding from my problems. But staying at home didn't seem to faze Nathan. He somehow got our telephone number and was constantly calling. I remember one night; I had just gotten ready to go to bed when Daddy answered the ringing telephone. I peered around the corner and watched as his face turned red and his eyes grow cold. Even though his face was angered, his voice was calm. As if explaining to a child, he said, \"Listen to me carefully, Mr. Shivers. Cause I ain't going to say this again. I've given you fair warning on a number of occasions. Stay away from my daughter. Stop following her, stop calling. If I see you anywhere near her again, I'll kill you.\" He hung up and turned to see me watching him. He walked over and brushed my loose hair away from my face, patting my cheek, \"It's alright darlin'.\" I wrapped my arms around his waist and buried my face in his chest. I just wanted Nathan to go away. I will never forget November 3, 1932 for as long as I live. I had stayed at home, taking care of Jace, who had gotten sick. He had slept for most of the day, waking only to eat. It was also my birthday; I had turned nineteen and was going out to dinner to a fancy restaurant with Daddy. We were gonna meet my brothers there, except for Jace on account of him being sick. I promised I'd save a piece of dessert for him. I was excited and had been looking forward to this all week. My brothers always made a big deal about it and insisted on giving me the day \"off\" from \"women's work.\" I didn't have to do any cooking or cleaning all day! Except for this day because Jace was sick. He apologies but I merely patted his head, making his curls bounce, \"You can't help it if you get sick, Jace.\" Of course my other brothers jabbed at him, as they always did. It was six o'clock and Daddy had just closed the butchery and was cleaning up. I was waiting for him by reading the paper to Jace as he sat in bed, listening to me speak. He interrupted me by asking, \"Do you think I could go if you ask Pa for me?\" I smiled softly, \"Even if I could, I won't. You need your rest sweetheart. I'll already said I'd bring you something sweet from the restaurant.\" He frowned but nodded, mumbling, \"Alrigh'\" By the time Daddy had cleaned up and put on his suit, it was a quarter to seven. I kissed Jace on the forehead before leaving with Daddy for the restaurant. As we stepped outside, I looked around at the soft white fluff covering the ground, \"It's snowing!\" Daddy chuckled at my childish glee, \"So it is.\" I slid my arm through Daddy's and began walking down the street with him towards the restaurant. Leaning my head on his arm, I said, \"It's the best birthday present I could ask for!\" He patted my hands, trying to warm them, \"I should get you some gloves. It's getting cold.\" We walked in comfortable silence until we came closer to the restaurant. As we waited for a car to pass, laughter came from around the corner. It was numerous, not just one person. They sounded rowdy and drunk. I felt Daddy tighten his grip on my arm but he said nothing. As the laughter grew closer, I turned and saw a group of men come tumbled from around the corner of the building. We began to walk across the street when we heard a loud whistle, \"Don't you look swanky!\" \"Come on sweetheart, show us those gams!\" \"Lilibelle!\" I turned my head and recognized Nathan at the head of his group. He was clearly drunk by his blood-shot eyes and smell of booze. Daddy dragged me along, ignoring the whoops and hollers. As we reached the door of the restaurant, Daddy opened the door and said, \"Go get Jed.\" Confused, I said, \"Why?\" \"Just do as I say, girl.\" He said harshly. Nodding, I stepped inside only to be yanked back. With a gasp, I stumbled and found myself locked in the arms of Nathan Shivers. He chuckled and stumbled back against his posse, who steadied him. I pushed against Nathan's chest, \"Let me go!\" I heard Daddy hollering for Jed ad Chester but was trying to get out of Nathan's grip. To my shock, he leaned in close, \"You smell so sweet.\" I pulled my head back but felt his grip on the back of my neck, pulling me close. He pressed his lips s against mine hard, biting my lip in the process. Whimpering, I slapped at him. \"Get off my sister!\" I head Jed scream. I felt the pressure of Nathan's lips leave and was pulled back by Chester, who held me safely in his arms. I watched as Daddy charged at Nathan, knocking the younger man to the ground. Nathan's posse stumbled back, watching in drunken confusion. Daddy's fists turned red from the blood pouring out of Nathan's broken nose. I couldn't say anything. I had never seen Daddy in this way before. He took hold of Nathan's collar and began pounding him into the street, \"What I say?! Told you if ya came near her again, I'd kill you!\" As Daddy continued to beat on Nathan, his friends finally began to step in, causing Jed and Chester to become involved. They began fighting with the other men, creating a brawl right in the middle of the street. I stood in shock, watching my father and older brothers. It was the sound of a gunshot that broke my shock. Jumping, my hands flew to my lips as I screamed. I watched as my father fell to the side, gripping his chest. I saw the stain of red beginning to appear on his coat, \"Daddy!\" I ran to his side, falling to the cold ground. I covered his blood-covered hand with mine, \"Daddy!\" He groaned and began stumbling over words, \"G-g-o...go!\" I screamed as I was ripped away from him. I heard Nathan whispering in my ear, \"Mine now.\" His arm wrapped around my waist before I felt myself being pushed. I landed in the grip of one of Nathan's companions. I fought against him, trying to get away. Jed and Chester were pushing their way through the other men. Nathan let another shot fly from his gun, nearly hitting Chester. I screamed as I was dragged away. I felt one of my heels fly off my foot and the cold snow hitting it. I continued to fight until I felt pain at the back of my head. Then nothing. \"You stupid boy!\" I heard these words as I came to. \"Have you lost your mind? You better hope you killed Theo Rossetti, cause if not, he's coming for you!\" \"Relax Pop. Shot him dead center in the chest. He's a dead fish.\" My eyes fluttered open and I could make out two figures. I groaned, causing them to look my way. One of the figures left the room, shutting the door behind them. The other figure approached the bed and sat down. I felt them brush my hair away from my face and make shushing noises as I tried to pull away. I couldn't move. I pulled my arm but found I could barely move it. Looking up I saw rope tied around my wrists and on the headboard of the bed I was lying on. I panicked and began kicking my feet and pulling my arms. I felt hands on my bare legs, trying to stop my movement, \"Calm down, Belle.\" I looked from my wrists into the eyes of a much more sober Nathan. Blinking my tear-stained eyes, I said, \"What do you want?\" He smiled and brought his hand up to my face, rubbing his thump against my cheek, \"You.\" I glared at him and before I knew what happened, I had spit at him. His smile turned into a heated glare. The hand resting on my cheek turned hard as it gripped my face in a vice. Whimpering from the sudden pain, I stared back at him. He leaned in close, \"If that's how you want it; fine. I was gonna be gentle.\" Gentle? What was he? No! I began struggling against him only for him to sit on top of my legs, making them immobile. He let go of my face to take hold of my dress. I felt it being ripped away, buttons flying off. I screamed and said, \"Please no'! Don't do this, Nathan please!\" He yanked the material away until I was in nothing but my nickers. I turned my head away to avoid his dark stare. I felt his hands on me, rubbing up and down my stomach until they stopped over my breasts. I felt a tear run down my face as he squeezed them. \"Stop it!\" He pulled my head back until I was forced to look at him. He leaned in and kissed me forcibly. As soon as his lips were on mine I opened my mouth and bit down hard on his lip. He hollered and pulled away. Wiping at the blood from his lip, Nathan glared down at me before bringing the back of his hand across my face. My head snapped to the side in pain. I felt something being forced into my mouth and looking down, I saw it was Nathan's tie. He tied it tightly before pulling off his jacket, throwing it to the ground. He yanked his dress shirt off and tossed it aside. He stared down at me hungrily. I closed my eyes, wanting to disappear. I let out a groan as I felt my bra being taken away. I shook my head, trying to plead through the gag, \"pwease!\" He began unbuckling his belt and with a thud, it joined his jacket and shirt on the floor. I felt his body move between my legs. He pressed a kiss against my calf, making me feel revolted, before moving my legs on either side of him. I began kicking at him, trying anything to get him to stop. He kissed my neck before saying, \"This'll only hurt a bit.\" He covering my mouth with his hand to stop my screams. I could feel him...there. I could feel it rubbing against my most private place. I shook my head, my body shaking with sobs as I had no choice but to wait for him to break through. He let out a groan of pleasure, \"You feel so good already.\" I gave one last attempt to get him to stop. I began shaking my body, trying to push him away. \"Stop it now!\" he said sternly. I felt him push and my eyes widened. Please god no! I heard a bang and felt something wet splatter my face. I felt Nathan's body fall on top me limply. I could feel his blood draining out on to my stomach. I sobbed as I felt him being pushed off of me. I began breathing rapidly and grew dizzy. My vision grew less and less, and then all I saw was darkness. Jeb stood outside the hospital room, watching as his father lay unconscious. He was lucky, the doctor said, that the bullet didn't hit his heart. It barely missed his lung. He would live. How a happy day turned into a nightmare, he'd never know. When he saw his sister being brought into the hospital, covered in blood, I feared she was dead. She looked so limp in Bill's arms as he carried her inside, Jace tagging along behind him, looking worried. He knew that they had to run. Frank Shivers would be coming for 'em. After all, his only son had been killed by a Rossetti. His daddy had grown up in Virginia somewhere and had some family land. They would go there. Thanks for reading! Please take a moment a review! I get even more inspired when I get feedback! v v v v v[Chapter 2] First of all, I know this isn't a chapter (please don't be disappointed!) I am amazed that I got so many responses to the prologue! I am so flattered guys! I know this isn't a chapter but I have discovered the wonders of Prezi and have made a little presentation that includes character stats (including photos and actors I picture playing the parts) and a soundtrack I've made, that you can listen to! How awesome is that?! Please go to my profile page and follow the link that will take you to the prezi to view. It should be at the top of links I have there. I look forward to feedback! I will have the next installment up by tomorrow night, so come back for the update! Thanks guys! Dante[Chapter 3] A/N: Hi readers! I'm glad you like the prezi! I'll keep this note short because I know you want to read the next installment. I am so happy that I have so many followers for this story, it truely makes the muse come out of me! On that note, please continue to leaeve me some feedback in reviews. So please take a moment after reading and say something. Thanks. REVIEW! Prodigal Return Chapter One When Sheriff Pete Hodges heard Theo Rossetti was back in Franklin, he didn't know what to think. He hadn't seen Theo in over thirty-five years. To be honest, Hodges thought the man was long dead. But rumor was he had a whole clan coming with him. When his deputy came in, spouting off about Theo moving into his Daddy's old farm house near Blackwater Creek, he had decided to see for himself if it was true. Now, driving up the dirt road under the bending trees, that led to the old Rossetti farm house, Hodges could see those rumors were not lies. A car was parked on the side of the old house, boxes and nicknack's sprawled across the porch. He could see young men running about, taking things into the house. Hodges recognized the familiar towering form of Theo Rossetti, as he came from inside, leaning on a cane slightly. He was still built like a bull but looked older in the face; his once blond hair gone, replaced with gray. Bringing his truck to a stop, Hodges sat there for a moment, just staring at the man he once admired in his youth. They stared at one another for what seemed like hours before Theo made the first move. He took his time walking down the steps of the porch, breathing laboriously. Hodges stepped out of his truck and removed his hat as he approached Theo. Theo surprised him by sticking out his hand, \"Pete.\" Hodges cleared his throat before finally taking the man's hand, shaking it, \"Theo. I see my deputy wasn't lying when he said you was here. What brings you back?\" Theo let out a throaty chuckle, motioning for Hodges to follow him to the porch, \"C'mere Pete.\" Hodges set his hat on the back of the rocking chair before sitting down. Theo took his time, letting out a sigh as he sat. Hodges shook his head, grinning, \"What happened to you, Theo? Why you need that thing?\" Theo twirled the can between his fingers before setting it against the side of the house, \"Got shot.\" He said it so simply and matter of factly. That was Theo; he never held anything back and was honest. \"Well, let me ask ya Theo; is whoever shot you, gonna come lookin' for you? Cause I don't need no more trouble in my county,\" Hodges said, resting his hands on the rests of the chair. Theo looked out into the field that lied just to the left of the house, looking for something, \"I got six kids, Pete. And I'd do anythin' to keep 'em safe. I ain't never run from nobody in my life, but a man reaches an age when he can't do nothing but guide his children. Wasn't my choice to come back here, Pete. I know I wronged you and yer kin but I'd do it again, with no regrets.\" Hodges cleared his throat, \"Then why are you back?\" Theo chuckled, \"My oldest, Jed, he didn't think they'd come lookin' so far down here in Virginia. He's a smart boy but he don't know what really goes on 'round here.\" Hodges couldn't help the laugh that came out, shaking his head, \"No he don't. So, six kids, huh?\" Theo nodded, \"Five boys and a girl. All near grown.\" They grew silent until Hodges suddenly asked, \"Why'd you do it, Theo?\" Sighing, Theo adjusted himself in his chair, rocking himself slowly, \"I loved her. Ya may not believe me but I did, still do. Ain't no woman ever made me feel more of a man, than Theresa did.\" \"I believe you loved her, Theo. Never doubted that. No man looks at a woman the way you did her, who wasn't in love. Just don't know why you had to tarnish her reputation by running off like that.\" Theo shook his head, \"You know yer daddy never liked me. I asked for his permission; he said no. Only reason I asked was for her.\" Hodges had to agree. His father had been sheriff before him and had arrested Theo Rossetti several times for numerous reasons. When he found out his daughter was being courted by the troublesome Rossetti boy, he wouldn't have it. As a boy, Hodges had witnessed on several occasions his older sister running off in the night to meet her beau. \"I didn't disapprove of yer relationship with Theresa, Theo, just the way you went about it.\" Hodges said, rising from the chair and placing his hat back on his head. Thundering footsteps came from inside the house, followed by three men. They were laughing and pushing one another as they stepped outside. They came to a halt at the sight of Hodges in his uniform. Theo rose to his feet, swatting one of his son's hands away when they tried to help him up, \"I ain't invalid, boy.\" Turning to Hodges, Theo said, \"Pete, this here' s Jed, Bill, and Wyatt. Boys, this is yer uncle, Pete Hodges.\" \"Momma's brother?\" asked Bill, the first to shake Hodges' hand. Hodges nodded his head firmly, \"Bill, was it?\" Bill gave an enthused nod and smile, \"Yes sir.\" Jed and Wyatt introduced themselves politely before returning to moving things into the house, leaving Bill to converse with their father and uncle, who they had never met until now. \"Where'd Jace and Chester get to?\" asked Theo, looking around for his other sons. Bill looked away from his uncle towards Theo and said, \"They went to get some supplies at that station we passed.\" Theo nodded, looking off into the field once again, \"Bill, go check on yer sister while I see Pete off. Sure he's got his duties to get back to.\" Bill nodded before shaking his newly acquainted uncle's hand, \"Nice to finally meet you. You should come by for supper some time; Lilibelle makes the best fried chicken.\" \"Bill.\" Theo said firmly. His middle son gave once last wave before heading towards the field, leaving Theo and Hodges alone. Theo walked with Hodges to his truck. Once he started up the engine, Hodges rested his arm on the open window, \"Look, my daddy's been dead a long time now, and I just want you to know that I consider you my kin; being my sister's husband and all. If you need anything, let me know.\" Theo merely nodded and said, \"Will do, Pete.\" Jace looked out the window as Chester drove towards the station. They had left Atlanta over three weeks ago and had arrived in Franklin the night before. It had been a long trip for them and everyone was exhausted. He could tell that Chester was more agitated than usual by the way his hand gripped the steering wheel tightly, the vein in his arm visible. He had spoken to Jace once since they left the house. They pulled into the station and Chester parked the truck near a gas pump. A young man came out of the building wearing simple trousers with a shirt and jacket; a hat sat atop his head. He approached the truck with a confident air about him, \"How you boys doing today? What ya need?\" Chester ignored the young man and walked past him into the station, walking past a man sitting on the porch, drinking from a mug. He watched Chester with his eyes as he passed. Chester gave a mere glance before pulling back the screen door and walking inside. Jace stepped out the car, \"Sorry about my brother, he's a bit tired.\" The young man began pumping the gasoline level back and forth, the top filling with the amber colored liquid, \"Ain't no problem. Say, I don't recognize you from around here, you passing through?\" Jace shook his head, \"Nah, our pa grew up around here. Just moved back.\" The young man chuckled, \"Ya'll moved to Franklin county? Ain't much around these parts, hate to say.\" Jace shrugged his shoulders, \"We're pretty quiet folk.\" As the tank filled, the young man extended his hand, \"Jack Bondurant.\" Jace shook it, \"Jace Rossetti.\" Eventually Jace went inside, nodding politely to the man sitting on the porch, to find Chester. He found him sitting at a table, eating. Jace walked over and stared down at him in confusion, \"You were 'spose to get the stuff.\" Chester shrugged, \"I got hungry. You get it.\" Jace rolled his eyes, \"Fine.\" Chester hid his smirk behind his glass of sweet tea as he watched his little brother walk around in search of the supplies they had been sent to get. Lilibelle stared up at the sky as she laid in the tall grass of the field. She had wandered off soon after arriving, needing to be alone. She watched as a bird flew over her line of sight and followed it with her eyes. A shadow fell over her, causing her to sit up and turn around to see Bill standing there with a smile, \"What'er you doing out here?\" He sat down next to her, waiting for an answer. She brushed a loose curl out of her face as the wind blew past, \"Just thinking.\" \"About?\" She looked at her brother, bitting her lip before shrugging her shoulders limply, \"Everything.\" Lilibelle let out an aggravated groan, covering her face with her hands, \"How did this happen? Why?\" Bill rubbed his sister's back gently. Out of all the brothers, Bill was the most gentle, despite his stature. \"World's filled with wicked things, including people. What happened ain't your fault,\" he said sternly, forcing her look at him with tipping her chin up with a finger. She looked up, her voice no more than a whisper, \"Yes it is.\" Bill pulled her close, \"No, it ain't. Any one of us would have taken a bullet for you, Lilibelle. Just like we know you'd do the same. We love you.\" She gave a small smile before laying her head on his shoulder, \"I know.\" Jace laid the supplies on to the counter, reaching out to catch a can from rolling off. The redheaded woman on the other side of the counter helped him settle the mess with a smile. \"This all for you?\" she asked. Jace gave a shy smile when the pretty woman smiled, \"Y-yes ma'am.\" She smiled again and began placing the supplies in two boxes. He stacked them and paid before heading over to Chester, who was still sitting at the table eating. \"C'mon Chester, let's get home,\" Jace said as he tried to peer around the two boxes in his arms, \"Give me a hand with this.\" Chester shook his head, \"Yer alright.\" Jace rolled his eyes and made his way to the door. Turning his back to it, he pushed the screen door open and stepped outside. As he turned around to see in front of him, he hit something hard and stumbled back. The sound of glass breaking and cursing reached his ears. He felt something wet splash up on to the bottoms of his pant legs. \"Damn, sombitch! Why don' you look where yer goin'?!\" a loud male voice hollered. Jace felt himself being pushed, causing him to drop the boxes and fall backwards to the ground. He let out a groan as his head hit the wooden porch. Before he knew it he was being lifted by the shirt and pressed into the wall. His eyes clinched shut from the pain of hitting his head once again. \"Howard!\" Jack Bondurant came running from the auto repair across the station, \"Come now Howard, let 'em go!\" The man, Howard only let go to point at Jack furiously, \"Stay out of this, Jack!\" Out of the corner of his eye, Jace saw the man sitting on the porch stand calmly, setting his mug down beside his chair, placing his hands in his sweater and step towards them. The screen door swung open to reveal Chester storming out. When he saw Jace being pressed against the building, he thundered over and pushed Howard away, \"Get yer hands off my brother!\" Howard glared at Chester, who gave one back, clenching his fists. Jace stepped forward and put a hand on his brother's shoulder, \"Calm down Chester.\" \"Calm down?!\" Chester growled, staring at his brother, \"He ain't got no reason to be putting his hands on you!\" \"The hell I don't!\" Howard screamed, pointing down at the box of broken glass, \"See that? That was worth over $150 dollars! Now it ain't worth shit!\" Chester took a step only to stop with the man in the sweater pushed Howard back, \"Calm down Howard.\" His voice was calm and grumbled as he spoke to Jace and Chester, \"Now, way I see it; this ain't nothing but an accident. However, you did just ruin good liquor. What'd you think we can do to fix this mess?\" \"Not a damn thing!\" Chester said, glaring at Howard. Not wanting his brother to cause a brawl on the porch of the station, he turned and picked up the two boxes of supplies. He thrusted them into Chester's chest, \"Put these in the truck while I fix my mess.\" Chester took the boxes and looked at his brother, \"How? You ain't got no $150 dollars to pay!\" Jace pointed towards the truck, \"Go!\" Stomping down the steps, Chester passed Jack, who gave a worried look after him. Jace turned back to the man in the sweater, \"My brother's right, I ain't got $150 dollars to pay. But maybe I could do some work around here for ya 'til I pay it of.\" Jack smacked Howard's arm, \"That settles it then, right Howard?\" Howard bent down and picked up the box before storming into the station, slamming the screen door behind them. \"Forrest?\" asked Jack, looking at the man in the sweater. Jace watched as the man, Forrest, take off his hat and grunted as he scratched the back of his head, \"Alrigh' then.\" Jack smiled and nodded in Jace's direction. As he opened the door to go inside, Forrest stopped and looked at Jace, \"You in school?\" Jace frowned, \"Not yet sir.\" Forrest put his hat back on his head, \"You come on by after school then to do yer work.\" Jace nodded, \"Alright sir.\" \"You comin' or not, Jace?!\" hollered Chester from the truck. Walking to the truck, Jace waved at Jack, who was standing on the porch, hands in his pockets. Once inside, Jace said, \"I'm going to be working here to make up the money.\" Chester sighed, \"Pa ain't going to like this.\" \"How'd you know?\" asked Jace. Chester leaned his arm out the window, \"You'll see.\" Lilibelle and Bill walked into the house just as the sun began to set. They had gone wandering around the woods that surrounded their land and discovered a river that ran close by. They ended up fishing and caught a few for dinner. As they walked further into the house, they could hear Chester hollering about something to do with moonshiners. They walked into the kitchen to see everyone sitting around the large table while Chester stood with his hands on his hips and an angered look on his face. Theo was laughing, shaking his head. \"What's so amusing?\" asked Chester, staring down at Theo. Wiping his eye, Theo said, \"Son, this is Franklin county; everyone makes it here. All for different reasons, but it's commonplace. Don't be so worrisome, Chester. Jace, bless 'em, is the clumsiest little bastard to grace this family, but he's bein' a man about it. Let him deal with it.\" Jace, cheeks red from embarrassment, said, \"I'm gonna need a ride though. Mr. Bondurant said to come after classes.\" Lilibelle set the fish on the table, \"I'll do it.\" Theo looked at her, somewhat concerned, \"You sure, darlin'?\" She smiled and patted his shoulder, \"I'm just going to be dropping him off and picking him up. Not like I have much to do around here.\" \"None of us do,\" grumbled Wyatt. Jed smacked Wyatt's foot off the table, \"Hey! We need to lie low for the time being, Wy.\" \"Yeah, Jed? Well what are we gonna do about money? How are we gonna support ourselves?\" asked Wyatt, leaning his elbows on the table. \"There's suppose to be a textile mill opening in Martinville soon,\" said Bill as he began gutting the first fish. \"Well, that's something,\" Theo said, \"We'll be fine.\" Lilibelle sat down next to Jace and patted his hand, \"Maybe I can find something in town.\" \"No,\" said Theo sternly, pointing at her, \"you ain't doin' nothing, Lilibelle.\" \"But,\" started Lilibelle, only to be silenced by Jed. \"Relax girl!\" he said loudly, rising from his seat, \"You work too damn hard.\" Grinning, she sat back in her chair and watched as her brothers and father started talking about starting up the farm for the next season. \"I don't know a damn thing about farming!\" grumbled Wyatt. \"That's cause yer a sissy boy,\" joked Jed. Wyatt smacked Jed's hand away from his tie, \"Don't mess with my tie, Jed!\" Jed raised his hands in defense, \"Fine...sissy.\" Lilibelle let out a laugh as Wyatt and Jed began wrestling around the kitchen. From across the table, Theo smiled, hoping that she may be alright after all. THANKS FOR READING, PLEASE REVIEW V V V V V V[Chapter 4] A/N: Hi guys! Another chapter up. Nothing much to add except for thanks for new followers and reviews! Keep the reviews coming and I'll keep the chapters coming! Thanks and enjoy! REVIEW! Jobs and Honey Chapter Two When Lilibelle woke the next morning, it was quiet; far too quiet. Sitting up in bed, Lilibelle rubbed the sleep from her eyes before catching her reflection in the mirror of her vanity. Her hair stuck out in a tangled mess and there were dark circles under her eyes. She had been having trouble sleeping lately. Though Nathan hadn't actually raped her; it felt as though he did. He had come so close, so so close. She didn't remember who had shot Nathan, other than it being one of her brothers. She had asked them but they refused to talk about it any further. No matter how hard she fought, they wouldn't budge on keeping her in the dark. After her daddy had been released from the hospital, they had sold the butchery for a quick buy to one of Jed's buddies. They emptied out the upstairs of what they could carry and fled Atlanta. Lilibelle had felt so guilty, blaming herself for what had happened to her father. In the hospital, while lying in bed, her daddy had taken hold of her hand and explained to her that she wasn't to blame, that Nathan Shivers was. \"He brought it on himself\", he had said in a dry voice. Pushing the covers away from her, Lilibelle shivered. She trotted across the room and pushed back the curtains to her window to let in the sunlight. Her window faced the front of the house. Looking out, she saw that the truck and car was gone. That would explain the quiet. She tied her lavender colored robe around her night gown and headed for the door when she saw a note lying on the floor. Bending down, she picked it up and read curiously, Lili, gone to Martinville forthe day. - Jed, Bill, & Chester. P.S - Pa , Jace, and Wyatt gone to town. Tossing the note on her bed, Lilibelle headed towards the bathroom to take a bath. As she walked down the hall, she was surprised at how quiet it was. She wasn't used to it, even when she was home alone in Atlanta. There was always something making a racket outside. She found she quite enjoyed it. Lilibelle had been surprised that the old house had working plumbing; apparently her grandfather had converted the house shortly before passing away. The house had been in her family since before the Civil War and had passed on to her daddy after her grandfather died. After bathing, Lilibelle dressed in a knee-length dress that was a peach color with stockings underneath. She pinned her hair up and pulled a brown sweater over to keep her warm in the cold December air. Heading downstairs, Lilibelle clutched a book in her hand. As she was banned from working by her father, she had nothing else to do around the house. She pulled a blanket from the hall closet near the front door and walked into the small conservatory that stood just across from the parlor. Curling her legs up underneath her, Lilibelle wrapped the blanket around her shoulders as she sat in the large plush chair. She began to softly hum as she read, waiting for her family to return. When Wyatt followed his father and younger brother into the feed store, he didn't know what to expect. He was raised to work hard just like the rest of his brothers, but unlike them, he was accustomed to using his hands for less physical labor. He was a musician not a farmer. He stood silently as his pa explained to Jace what the different feed was used for. Looking out the large doorway, Wyatt caught sight of a flash of blond hair go by. Tilting his head slightly, Wyatt gave a look towards his father and brother before stepping outside to look. He saw a young woman walking down the street. She was stopped by an old woman who smiled and patted her arm. She was a pretty thing for sure. He stood there watching her until she turned her head and he was struck by her brown eyes. Turning his back, Wyatt reentered the feed store to see his pa paying for the feed. \"Wyatt, come help Jace with these bags,\" Theo said as he walked past with his cane, heading towards the truck outside. Doing as he said,Wyatt lifted two of the bags with a grunt and followed Jace, \"Damn, this stuff's heavy.\" Theo shook his head as he watched his sons struggle with the bags of feed, \"Ya'll need to get some muscle boys.\" Jace stumbled as he dropped the feed in the bed of the truck before turning to his brother, \"You think Jed and them gonna get jobs at that mill?\" Dropping his own bags in the truck, Wyatt huffed, \"Don't know; it ain't done being built yet.\" Jace wiped his hands on his pants before jumping into the back while Wyatt got into driver's seat. Theo was already in the passenger seat, ready to head home. As he started up the truck, Wyatt caught a glimpse of the blond haired beauty he had seen a moment ago. He watched as she waved to the old woman and continue on her way down the street. \"Wyatt, get a move on son,\" Theo said, nudging his leg with his cane. \"Alright, Pa, alright!\" Wyatt said, swatting at the cane hitting his leg. Theo grinned and gave a glance through the back window at Jace, who sat on top of a stack of feed. Jed, Bill, and Chester had been standing in line for a good three hours, waiting to see if they could get jobs. \"Why aren't you in line for an office job, Jed?\" asked Bill as they stepped closer in the line. Jed had been the only one of the brothers to go to college. He had studied business and worked for a good company until the depression hit. The company went under and Jed had to start working at the mill back in Atlanta with Bill and Chester. Jed shrugged, sighing as he said, \"No point, just gonna end up back on the floor.\" \"Jed, you got a big fancy degree and you ain't even gonna use it?\" asked Chester, pulling at his tie that was cutting into his neck. Turning around to face his brothers, Jed said, \"Give it a rest, would ya! Ain't no point cause all the big jobs are gonna be taken by rick folk!\" The brothers grew quiet, not noticing the young man wearing an expensive suit and fedora standing to the side with an older gentleman. He was young, no older than twenty-five with slicked back blond hair and was clean-shaven. He was peering at Jed curiously. Turning towards the older man who resembled him, he whispered something and pointed at Jed. The older man cocked his head and looked at Jed with an unsure glance. Looking back at the young man, he nodded and patted his back before walking inside the textile mill. The young man adjusted his tie before approaching Jed and his brothers, \"Excuse me.\" Jed turned and saw the young man approaching him confidently, \"Yeah?\" The young man offered his hand, \" My name' Jasper Heathrow, my father owns this textile mill.\" Jed shook his hand, though hesitantly, \"Jed Rossetti, sir.\" Jasper waved his hand, \"Just call me Jasper. Is it alright if I call you Jed?\" Nodding his head, Jed waited for him to talk. Jasper looked over at Bill and Chester, who were looking at him silently, arms crossed across their chests. Jed noticed this and said, \"These are my brothers; Bill and Chester.\" Jasper tipped his hat, \"Nice to meet you.\" Turning to Jed, he said, \"I couldn't help but overhear that you went to college. Do you mind if I ask what you studied?\" \"Business,\" Jed said simply. Jasper nodded enthusiastically, \"Wonderful. It just so happens we need someone in our office. Are you interested?\" Bill smacked Jed's arm, \"Take it!\" Looking at his younger brother, Jed raised a brow before turning to Jasper, \"What is the job exactly?\" \"Head of Production,\" Jasper said with a grin. Jed's eyebrows disappeared under his hat, \"Then yes, I am very interested.\" Chester cleared his throat, looking at Jed. Turning to Jasper, Jed said, \"Can you make sure my brother's get jobs on the line?\" Nodding, Jasper said, \"Of course, not a problem.\" Jasper shook Jed and his brother's hands before saying, \"We'll see you in a couple weeks then!\" Jed tipped his hat and waited for him to disappear before smacking his brothers on their arms. They laughed and stepped out of the line, receiving glares and grumbles from the other men standing in line. Tossing the mittens on the counter, Lilibelle leaned close and breathed in the warm smell honey bread. Sighing, she smiled as she stood strait and turned to the table where she left the jars of honey. After reading earlier that morning, she had went out wandering again and had come across a large bee hive. She was surprised to see that the hive had survived in the cold weather. She smoked the bees out and took the delicious honey. When Lilibelle got back to the house, she thought maybe she could help Jace out by offering the Bondurants some of her Cinnamon honey. She had been making honey since she was a young girl thanks to her mother's recipe; pure honey with a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. She had enough honey to make three jars. She left one in the middle of the table and placed the other two in a basket. Once the bread cooled enough, she wrapped it and placed it along side the jars of honey. Looking out the window, she saw no sign of her brothers or father's return. Martinville was a good long way from Franklin so she didn't expect to see Jed, Bill, or Chester till nightfall. Writing a quick note, she grabbed her brown cloche hat from the rack and placed it on her head, careful not to disturb her pinned up hair. Glancing at herself in the mirror, she ran her hands over her dress before sliding her feet into her shoes. She tended to not wear shoes when she could. Heading into the kitchen, she picked up her unfinished book and grabbed the basket. She wanted no trouble with anyone in Franklin; after all, they had enough trouble as it was. Maybe a little peacemaking was in order. Lilibelle laid the note near the jar of honey on the table for her father and brothers to see, so as to not worry. She neglected to say she was going to see the Bondurants, merely stating she was out wandering and would be back. She knew for sure Chester would have a fit for going alone and would come storming up to the station to cause more trouble. Heading out the door, Lilibelle began making the five mile walk to the station. When Forrest Bondurant first saw Lilibelle Rossetti, he thought she was the smallest thing he had ever seen. She walked into the station all shy-like, holding a basket to her chest. He had been thinking about Maggie. She had left during the night. Not a word, just gone. Been near a year since Cricket's murder and the death of Rakes; ever since she had stuck around, but Forrest guessed she just couldn't be around him no more. Forrest had left Howard and Jack to deal with the blockades while he looked after the station. Jack had proven himself capable and Howard had surprised 'em all by sobering up...a bit. A slow day at the station, Forrest had been in his office counting the profits as he always did. He had gotten up to fill his cup of coffee when he saw her there. Standing like she was waiting for him to show up. He stopped short when he saw her and approached slowly. He removed his hat and held it to his chest, \"Uhm...\" She took a step and gave a gentle smile, \"Are you one of the Bondurants?\" He grumbled in his throat in acknowledgment, nodding but not looking at her directly, \"Help you with something, ma'am?\" She looked down at the basket in her hands and said, \"I'm Jace's sister, Lilibelle Rossetti,\" She looked up and offered him the basket, \"I wanted to bring this by.\" \"Jace...\" Forrest said, taking the basket from her dainty hands, \"He ain't 'spose to start til after school starts up.\" She nodded, \"I know but I felt bad for how Chester acted; he has a bit of a temper, you could say.\" He grunted, \"Ain't no need to apologize. Weren't your fault.\" Lilibelle gave an airy laugh, \"I know, but I guess I'm used to keeping the peace for my brothers.\" \"Shouldn't have to,\" Forrest said, placing the basket on the counter, looking inside. Pulling a jar out, he peered over at her, \"Honey?\" She nodded, her wide smile reappearing, \"It's special.\" \"How's that now?\" he asked, twisting the lid off and bringing the jar of to sniff. She shook her head, holding her hands behind her back, \"Wouldn't be special if I told you, now would it Mr. Bondurant?\" He dipped a finger and tasted the sweet honey. It was different slightly, a hint of something, \"It's good.\" She smiled brightly. He didn't think he'd ever seen someone smile so much before. She pointed at the basket, \"There's also some honey bread in there and another jar.\" Lilibelle stood there unsure of what else to say or do, so she shyly waved and said, \"Well, I'd better be getting home. Have a good night, Mr. Bondurant.\" Turning on her heels, she walked to the door and gave one last wave before walking down the porch. Forrest waited a moment before peering through the screen door. He watched as she began walking. The closest house was a good five mile walk. He was surprised that a girl would walk five miles just to go give some honey and bread as a apology for her brother. Peering inside the basket, he noticed a book resting inside. Pulling it out, he read the title, Light in August. Grumbling, Forrest placed his hat on his head and walked through the door, heading for his truck. Lilibelle heard the sound of an approaching vehicle coming up behind her. Turning, she was surprised to see Mr. Bondurant coming to a stop in his truck. She approached the truck and looked inside. He motioned for her to get in, \"I'll drive ya home.\" She smiled politely, \"That's alright Mr. Bondurant.\" \"Get in the car,\" he said, leaving no room for argument. She hesitated but opened the door and got into the truck, \"Thank you.\" He nodded and began driving. They were silent until Forrest held out his hand, \"You left this.\" Looking down, Lilibelle saw her book and huffed, \"I swear. Thank you Mr. Bondurant.\" \"Forrest,\" he said, looking strait ahead. \"Forrest,\" she repeated, looking at him with a smile, \"thank you.\" \"Yer welcome,\" he said. Lilibelle had the impression that he didn't talk that much. He seemed to grumble on until he said what he needed to say. \"What kinda book is that anyway?\" he asked. Looking over, she said softly, \"Just something I've been reading.\" Forrest looked over and noticed she was blushing slightly and looking down at her lap. He didn't say anything else during the drive. Once they arrived at her house, Lilibelle turned to Forrest in her seat, \"Thank you again, for the ride...Forrest.\" He nodded, \"Good night Miss Rossetti.\" She smiled before getting out the truck. The sun had just begun to set, creating a mixture of orange and pink in the sky. When she got to her door, she looked back to see Forrest still sitting there, waiting for her to go inside. Looking over to where the car and truck usually were, she wasn't surprised to see no one was home yet. She waved once more before walking inside. Once the door was closed, she ran over to the window and peered outside carefully. She watched as Forrest back up and drove down the road. She couldn't help the smile that appeared on her face. Chester drove down the road towards their house when a pair of headlights came from the opposite side of the road. He recognized the driver as Forrest Bondurant. What was he doing coming from their house? Once they drove down the road leading to the house, Chester jumped out and went inside to tell Lilibelle they were home. He found her sitting in the parlor, reading with a smile on her face. She looked up when she heard the footsteps and greeted her older brother with a kiss on the cheek, \"What took you so long?\" \"What was Forrest Bondurant doin' here?\" he asked. She blinked, \"Huh?\" Leaning closer, he whispered, \"What was Forrest Bondurant doing here? He do anything to you?\" She hit his arm and said, \"No! I went down there to apologize for your behavior! We don't need no trouble, Chester!\" Brooding, he said, \"I don't need you to apologize for me, for anything, Lilibelle!\" \"Well I did!\" she said as she stormed from the room. Chester sighed and ran a hand through his hair. The sound of heels hitting the wooden floor caused him to turn around to see Lilibelle coming back in, hands on her hips, \"And just so you know, he was being a gentleman and drove me home!\" She turned on her heel sand left him once again. THANKS, PLEASE REVIEW! V V V V V[Chapter 5] A/N: Hi guys! Welcome to another chapter! Just a quick warning; Christmas is a mere three days away now so I will be visiting family. This means I probably won't be updating for a couple days since I'll be traveling. I hope you can wait that long. I promise you will love the update! Please REVIEW! First Day on the Job Chapter Three Weeks past and soon enough, Jed and Bill were heading to Martinville to start working at the textile mill. Lilibelle didn't like it. She didn't want her family being broken up. She wanted her family together. It wasn't safe either. With the possibility of Shivers looking for them, Lilibelle thought it would be safer for them to be together. When she voiced this after being told that Jed and Bill would be leaving Franklin, nobody would listen. She stormed off to her room, declaring they would have to scrounge the kitchen for food, because she wasn't cooking a damn thing. As Lilibelle sat on her bed, her daddy had come upstairs and had sat down on the other side. She refused to turn and face him. Sighing, Theo turned to look at her, \"Darlin', you can't be angry with yer brothers. They're only doin' what they have to.\" \"It's not safe!\" she said, tightening her grip on the sheets, \"We'll be fine with the farm!\" \"No, we won't Lilibelle,\" Theo mumbled. She turned and looked at her daddy. His head was bent and his gaze was heavy, \"What do you mean?\" Theo lifted his head and gave her a tired look, \"We'll make some money from the farm, but not enough for all of us.\" \"Then I'll get a job here!\" she declared, rising to her feet. Theo made his way around the bed and placed his hands on her shoulders, \"Sweetheart, I don't want you-\" Lilibelle cut him off, shaking her head, \"Why?! Ever since we got to Franklin, you've forbidden me from finding work; why?\" Seeing his daughter in anger was a rare sight. She was always so happy. \"This town, it ain't the safest place,\" he said, making her sit beside him on the bed. She furrowed her eyebrows in confusion, \"Then why are we here?\" Theo shook his head, \"I'm not sure myself, but I never told Shivers where I was from after I started workin' with him. Never did trust the man. You could hide in these woods and never be found.\" \"Why ain't it safe?\" she asked curiously. Theo chuckled, \"Well, it wasn't always unsafe, but this damn prohibition has created all kinds of hell. Making moonshine 'round here's a part of life. Everybody makes it fer different reasons. Take those Bondurants fer example.\" Lilibelle perked up when her daddy mentioned them, \"What about them?\" \"They're blockaders. They make runs all over Franklin and over the lines. They're dangerous, Lilibelle,\" Theo said, brushing her loose hair behind her ear. Sighing, Lilibelle took her father's hand in her's, \"Daddy, if they're so dangerous, then why are you letting Jace work for them?\" Theo chuckled and rose to his feet, heading towards the door, leaning on his cane, \"'Cause I'm a dangerous man, too.\" At the door, he turned and gave her a soft look; a look he never gave to anyone but his family, \"Don't worry 'bout Jed and Bill; they'll be alright.\" He closed the door and left her alone. She didn't come back down and true to her word, Lilibelle didn't cook a thing that night. She supposed she should be happy that at least not all her brothers were going away. Chester chose to stay and help their daddy with the farm, since Jace went to school and would be starting his freelance work at the Blackwater station. Though, Lilibelle was sure there was more to helping their daddy on the farm that kept him in Franklin. Wyatt found a job at the church, playing the piano. As for Lilibelle, she was only allowed to leave the house to drive Jace to the station and pick him up at night. It was beginning to anger her how her family was treating her like a child. One afternoon, while her daddy and Chester had gone out into the fields to survey the land for the coming spring, she had decided to go into town She was going crazy doing nothing around that big house. It was a particular cold day, snow covering the ground as she snuck out of the house. She pulled her coat tightly around her as she approached the car. Looking out into the fields, she could barely make out the forms of her father and brother. Starting the car, Lilibelle drove down the road and headed into town. It was only noon so that left her enough time to pick up Jace. Today was his first day at the Blackwater Station and he had expressed his nervousness to her the night before while helping her clean up after dinner. He was known in their family to be quite clumsy and didn't want another reason to anger Howard Bondurant. \"Well maybe he was just having a bad day,\" she had said, trying to encourage him. He merely sighed. Chester, who had been sitting at the table, still eating the beef stew she had made, said, \"You see the good in people even if there is none, Lilibelle.\" Turning around, she leaned against the sink and crossed her arms, \"Well maybe you should try it, Chester.\" Scoffing, he rose and brought the bowl over to the sink. Looking down at her, he said, \"Yeah? Look where it got you.\" \"Hey!\" Jace yelled, stepping in front of her and glaring up at Chester, \"Don't talk to her like that!\" Chester looked at them before stomping out of the room, leaving Jace and Lilibelle alone. Lilibelle blinked her burning eyes before turning back to the sink, \"Don't worry about tomorrow, Jace. I'll even stick around if you want.\" She didn't know why Chester was acting the way he had been acting since they came to Franklin, but she didn't like it. She found herself wandering around town. There wasn't a lot to do in town like Wyatt said but she made the best of it. She bought a Sears catalog from Joe's convenient store and a cup of coffee. As she walked towards the car, she saw her uncle walking out of a cafe with a man wearing a long overcoat and a fedora. When Hodges saw his niece, he waved her over. Reluctantly, as she didn't like how the man beside her uncle was looking at her, Lilibelle walked across the street and was engulfed in a hug. She had first met her mother's brother a week after arriving in Franklin. Bill had invited him over for dinner and she had been surprised that her uncle was the sheriff. She thought he was a nice enough man, but she could tell there was some mild tension between her daddy and uncle. After he had left that night, Lilibelle had asked her daddy why they didn't just ask for Hodges' help, being the law and all, in Franklin county. Her daddy had said it wasn't his business and that he didn't need to be brought into it. Her daddy was a proud man, and didn't want help from nobody. \"Lilibelle, your daddy about?\" Hodges asked. Offering a smile, she shook her head, \"No, I was getting a little stir crazy around the house is all. Thought I'd take a look around town for once.\" Hodges turned to the man standing behind him, \"This is Special deputy Jefferson Richards, he's just here to do a little work for the city. Mr. Richards, this is my niece, Lilibelle Rossetti.\" Mr. Richards stepped in front of her uncle and took her hand. He didn't shake it exactly, but held it gently, \"Ma'am.\" She nodded her head politely, \"Nice to meet you, Mr. Richards. May I ask what work you'll be doing around here?\" He cleared his throat and looked back at her uncle before saying, \"I don't think a young lady such as yourself should be concerned?\" If one thing angered Lilibelle Rossetti, it was being put down because of her sex. \"Really? Why's that, Special deputy?\" she asked, crossing her arms across her chest. Mr. Richards gave a dry chuckle, \"I merely don't want to distress you. A lady shouldn't be troubled with issues of the law. There's nothing to worry about, Miss Rossetti.\" She turned to her uncle, \"I'll see you around, uncle Pete.\" Lilibelle merely eyed Mr. Richards before turning and returning to the car, rolling her Sears catalog in her hands. Driving down the road was proving to be difficult due to the snow. She had had to go slower than usual, as to not slide. When she got to the school house, Jace was standing outside, arms wrapped around himself to stay warm. She huffed when she saw he didn't have his coat. When he jumped into the car, she swatted his shoulder, \"I told you to bring your coat!\" \"It wasn't as cold then!\" he said in defense, tossing his books in the back seat. She shook her head as she began driving, making her way to Blackwater station. As they drove, Jace turned to her and asked, \"Are you still gonna stay?\" She smiled and ruffled his curls, \"Of course, baby brother.\" He rolled his eyes, \"I'm sixteen, Lilibelle.\" \"So? You'll always be my baby brother,\" she said affectionately. Jace pushed her hand away as she pinched his cheek, \"Stop it, Lil!\" She laughed and turned down the road. \"You still comin' inside?\" Lilibelle smiled at her younger brother as she pulled into the station, \"If you want me to.\" Parking the car, she turned to Jace, \"You go on inside and find out what you're going to be doing around here, alright? I'll be in a minute.\" He swallowed the lump in his throat, \"A-Alright then.\" She watched as her brother slowly got out of the car and make his way up the porch. He paused and turned, giving her an almost pleading look. She waved her hand, motioning for him to go inside, \"Go on now!\" He disappeared inside, leaving Lilibelle alone in the car. She shivered from the cold as she got out, her cloche hat barely keeping her ears warm. It was rather cold that day. Looking out at the lake, she saw that it was frozen over, despite it being February. \"SHIT!\" Jumping, Lilibelle turned. The scream had come from around the corner of the station house. Walking quickly, Lilibelle made her way over and looked around the side of the building. Jack held his bleeding hand, hissing as he watched more blood seep from his palm. On the ground there was a knife he had been using, trying to unhinge the locket he had bought for Bertha. It was her birthday and he had wanted to get her something nice. The locket laid on the ground, blood covering. \"SHIT!\" he screamed in frustration, from the pain and the fact that he ruined the picture inside with his own blood. \"Hello?\" a soft voice asked. Turning sharply, Jack saw a young woman watching him. He shot up and watched as the woman's face grew from curiosity to concern as her line of sight fell to his hand, \" You need some help?\" She walked quickly over and pulled his hands apart. She gasped, \"Oh my god!\" He pulled his hand away, \"It ain't nothing miss, just need ta clean it, s'all.\" She pursed her lips, \"Of course it does; there's blood everywhere. Come on,\" She tugged on his elbow and pulled him towards the front of the station. \"Um, where we going?\" Jack asked as he was dragged. She smiled and motioned inside, \"We'll get you cleaned up.\" \"No need for that, ma'am,\" he said nicely. \"I'm Jack, just so ya know,\" he said as he followed her inside the station. She made him sit down in a chair before tilting her head, \"Jack Bondurant?\" He nodded, \"Yes ma'am.\" She smiled, \"I'm Lilibelle, Jace's sister.\" \"Oh yeah? He here yet?\" Jack asked, looking around for her brother. Sure enough, Jace came out, following Forrest from his office. At the sight of seeing his sister, Jace walked over but stopped at the sight of Jack's hand, \"What happened?\" Forrest had walked behind the counter and watched silently as Lilibelle turned to Jace and said, \"Don't just stand there, Jace. Get me some water and a cloth.\" Jace, not knowing where anything was yet, merely said, \"Um...\" \"Here,\" At the sound of Forrest's gruff voice, Jace turned to see him placing a glass of water and a cloth on the counter, along with some needle and thread. Jace took the glass and cloth and placed them on the table. Lilibelle began cleaning Jack's hand carefully before taking the thread and needle from Jace. Jack watched on, cringing slightly as his skin was sown shut. He looked up from his hand to look at Lilibelle, \"You're pretty good at this.\" The corner of her lips lifted and a puff of air escaped her lips as she laughed softly, \"Having five brothers who never know when to stay out of trouble teaches a girl how to fix 'em up.\" \"Five?\" Jack asked, his eyebrows lifting in surprise. Looking over at Jace, Jack said, \"You ain't never told me that, Jace!\" Jack and Jace had become somewhat friends, though Jace steered clear of the station out of fear of Howard. Jack thought it was hilarious how Jace looked over his shoulder for his older brother. Jace did not. As if by chance, Howard came walking into the station. At the sight of Jack being stitched up, he chuckled, holding a jar of white lightning in his hand. \"What you do know, Jack?\" he asked before taking a sip from the jar. Jace backed away and turned to Forrest, \"I-I'll get started then, Mr. Bondurant.\" Forrest nodded, grunting as he did. Howard walked up behind Jack and wrapped his arm around his neck, trapping him in a headlock, \"What's the matter baby brother, can't handle a knife?\" \"Fuck off Howard!\" Jack hollered, pulling away from Howard's grasp. \"Jack,\" Forrest warned, causing the younger Bondurant to look at Lilibelle, mumbling, \"sorry\" under his breath as she began to wrap his hand. She laughed, \"Not like I haven't heard that before. Five brothers, remember?\" Jack grinned slightly before pulling his hand away when she finished, \"Thank you Miss Lilibelle.\" She waved her hand dismisively, \"It's nothing.\" \"Damn,\" Jack said loudly before bolting outside. He had left the locket on the ground. Standing, Lilibelle turned to see Howard sitting at the counter, staring at her, \"Yes?\" \"Who're you?\" he asked, squinting his eyes. She approached him, hand outstretched, \"Lilibelle Rossetti, Jace's sister.\" He set his jar on the counter, \"Oh yeah, that girl who brought over the honey and bread. That sure was delicious stuff!\" Lilibelle crossed her arms over her chest, \"Well thank you. I'm glad you liked it. Are you gonna give Jace a hard time?\" She asked this bluntly, causing Howard to furrow his brow, \"What now?\" \"Are you going to give my brother a hard time?\" she asked more slowly. Howard looked at Forrest, \"What's she taking 'bout?\" Forrest grumbled and turned away, busying himself with wiping down the counter. He looked at her once before continuing. Lilibelle gave him a smile before addressing Howard again, \"Look, I understand that he damaged your product and that you had a few...words with him and my brother Chester. But do you think you could ease up on Jace? He's just a boy.\" Howard chuckled, \"I ain't mad at that boy no more, Miss Lilibelle.\" \"You're not?\" she asked. Howard shook his head lazily, \"I forgot all 'bout that actually.\" Rising to his feet, he scratched the back of his disheveled head, \"I'd better go talk to him then, clear this mess up.\" This left Lilibelle alone with Forrest and the one customer sitting in the corner. She chose to sit down and pulled her book from her coat pocket. She sat there and as she read, began to hum, unaware she was doing so. Forrest looked over at her as she did, watching as she brushed a curl away before she flipped a page. She was reading a new book, As I Lay Dying. He wondered why she was still there as Jace wouldn't be leaving for a good three hours. Taking a glass, Forrest walked over to her silently and placed it before her. This caused her to look up, \"Oh.\" Lilibelle held her book to her chest as she watched Forrest pour her a glass of water. He set the pitcher down before silently walking to his office. \"Thank you Forrest,\" she called after him. Reaching the door of his office, Forrest stopped and gave a nod, \"Welcome.\" Lilibelle watched him disappear into the small room. Biting her lip, she reluctantly looked back down at her book. Soon she became immersed in her book, making her unaware that she was being watched. Forrest looked through the wire covered window of his office at Lilibelle, watching as she took a sip from the glass of water. She placed it down gently on the table before returning to her reading, beginning to hum again. He turned away, forcing himself to sit at his desk. All the while Lilibelle's humming filled the quiet station. Thanks for reading! Just for reference, Jefferson Richards was a real special deputy and was an association of Charlie Rakes. Please REVIEW! V V V V V V V[Chapter 6] A/N: Merry Christmas everyone! I hope today has been a good one for you. Hope Sawnts bought you some goodies! Here I'd my Christmas gift to you! Please give me a gift in the form of a review! So REVIEW! A Storm's A Comin' Chapter Four Lilibelle walked along the frozen lake, arms wrapped around herself as she did. It was nearly time for Jace to finish up his works for the day. She had been there for nearly three hours and the sun was beginning to set. She had started up a conversation with Howard earlier after he had spoken with Jace about loosing his temper all those weeks ago. Come to find out, he had a lot in common with Chester. They were both veterans of the army and had both seen things that had changed them, and not for the better, She said that they might get along if they weren't so hotheaded, Howard chuckled before rising from the table, saying, \" Nice meetin' you, Miss Lilibelle.\" \" And you, Mr. Bondurant.\" \" Ah hell, call me Howard,\" he said, walking out the door, leaving her to her own devices. Soon after, Forrest stepped out of his office, hovering in the doorway a moment before heading over to her table, \" Urm,\" She smiled only to frown when she heard cursing coming from outside. Turning in her chair she giggled at the sight of her brother fumbling with firewood in his arms, dropping a large block on his foot. She faced Forrest and said, \" I hope you don't come to regret having Jace here,\" \" Why's that?\" he asked, refilling her glass of water. She smiled at the gesture but thought he merely did it so he wouldn't have to look at her in the face. \"Because he's known for his clumsiness. He's a good boy but he has his moments,\" she said, noticing a long whit scar that reached ear to ear along his throat. She looked away, not wanting to be rude. Though she couldn't help but wonder what had happened. \"Lilibelle!\" The sound of Jace calling her, broke her from her thoughts. Turning, she saw Jace waving his hand in the air, calling out, \" Time to go!\" She waved back,making her way back towards the station. As she did, she saw Forrest walking away from the shed behind the station, dropping something around his neck. He sauntered back around the building, a cigar in his mouth, smoke bellowing around him. She couldn't help but admire him as he walked. He seemed to be so much more confident than he did when he spoke to her. He was domineering and she could see how he was seen as a dangerous man. When Lilibelle and Jace arrived home that night, their uncle's truck was parked outside. On the porch sat one of Hodges deputies, who rose to his feet as she walked up the steps, tipping his hat. \"Miss Lilibelle,\" he said in greetings, nodding at her brother. \"What brings you here, Deputy Walters?\" she asked, looking at him curiously. \"Just some business with your daddy; the sheriff's inside now talking to 'em.\" Lilibelle was relieved; for a moment she thought her family had sent for her uncle to go look for her. It wasn't like her to go off like she did. She always told where she was going. \"Thank you deputy,\" she said as she walked into the house, Jace following silently, exhausted from his day. She ordered him upstairs to bathe while she started dinner, \" Go on now!\" She put her hands on her hips when he mumbled about skipping the bath, \" Jace Michael, I will not be washing your dirty sheets in the morning, so get in that tub!\" \" Alright!\" he defended, holding up his hands in surrender, \"I'm goin'!\" As he disappeared up the stairs, Lilibelle sighed and removed her coat and hat, hanging them on the rack. The sound of thundering footsteps caused her to turn around to see Chester. He grabbed her by the arm and forced her into the reading room. \"Chester!\" she cried, wincing from the pain of his grip. She was tossed into the chair that faced the window and before she could scold her older brother, he entrapped her in the chair by placing his hands on either side of her, \" Do you have any idea how worried we've been, girl?\" She pushed her small hands against his broad chest, trying to get him away, \" Stop it Chester!\" He brushed her hands away, \" Have ya?\" She fell back against the chair and crossed her arms, \" I'm sorry.\" Chester stood and turned to face the hall, speaking softly, \" Uncle Pete's here with some agent; he's wanting Pa's help with somethin'. Somethin' to do with them Bondurants.\" Lilibelle stood and saw how tense her brother was by the way he stood. His back was stiff and his fists were clenched. \" Why does he want daddy's help?\" she asked, peering around the corner to try and look into the parlor where she could hear the voices of her father, uncle, and the annoying agent she had met earlier that day. Chester flicked her arm, \" It ain't your business, now go upstairs til they leave.\" Her jaw clenched at his tone, \" Watch how you talk to me, Chester, I won't stand for your behavior anymore. Do you understand? I don't know what's gotten into you but I'm not gonna put up with it anymore!\" She made her way to the stairs but before going up, turned and hissed, \" I may a woman but that doesn't make me any less a Rossetti than you! I ain't made of glass, big brother.\" With that said, Lilibelle angrily ascended the stairs, leaving Chester to let out an aggravated growl, kicking the bottom step of the staircase. \" Chester, son,\" called his Pa. Returning to the parlor, Chester said, \" Sorry Agent Richards but Lilibelle won't be able to talk to ya tonight.\" Rising from his seat, Agent Richards adjusted his tie, \"That's a shame; we met earlier today and I was looking forward to speaking with her again. You have a very pretty daughter, Mr. Rossetti. I'd hate to see any harm come to her for being associated with those Bondurants.\" Theo cleared his throat and stood tall from his chair, stepping towards the smaller man. Voice calm, he said, \" Look here Mr. Richards,\" \" Special Agent,\" Richards interrupted, placing his hat on his head. Wyatt looked at Chester with questionable eyes, wondering if the agent had a death wish. Theo was silent for a moment, staring the man down with his hard ice blue gaze. When he finally spoke, Theo said, \" As I said, Mr. Richards, my son's got nothin' to do with any blockades. He's simply working up at the station as a helping hand. Nor does my daughter. If I hear you've been harassin' my children, I will personally gut you like I do my pigs. Am I clear, Special Agent Richards?\" The tension was thick in the air as the two men stared at one another. Hodges let out a nervous chuckle, turning his hat between his hands, \" Alright now, alright. I think we should be heading back, Agent Richards, don't you?\" Richards sniffed before turning on his heels to face Hodges, \" I suppose your right, Sheriff Hodges. Give my regards to your lovely daughter, Mr. Rossetti.\" Hodges stayed behind a moment, looking at his brother-in-law with worried eyes, \" I can't promise nothin' Theo, but I\"ll keep an eye out.\" Theo nodded, \" Thank you Pete.\" \"Try not to start a war, Theo, I don't need another shoot out on my hands,\" Hodges said as he walked out of the parlor. Wyatt ran over to the window and watched as his uncle drove away with Richards. Turning to face his father and brother, he pocketed his hands, wondering, \" What now?\" \"What do mean, \" what now?\" Wyatt? We do nothin'.\" growled Chester, leaning against the doorway. Wyatt turned to Theo, \"Pa?\" Theo sighed heavily, rubbing pinching the bridge of his nose, \" I say we go have a word with the Bondurants.\" \"Pa!\" Enraged, Chester pushed off the doorway and approached his father, toning his voice down, \" We ain't got no reason to help those bootleggers! We don't need no more attention. In case you've forgotten, we're suppose to be hiding from Frank Shivers.\" Theo placed a hand on his son's shoulder, \" I haven't forgotten, son. But when a man knows something ain't right, he does something about it.\" \" We ain't kin to 'em! Why should we care about them?\" begged Chester, eyes filled with anger. \" Because Richards involved us the moment he insulted us!\" yelled Theo. His usually calm voice echoed on the walls as his face turned red. Chester and Wyatt looked at their father in silence as he spoke, \" No man threatens my family. No man! That Shivers boy insulted your sister and did what he did that night, but we made god damn sure he paid for it. Now this so called man of the law comes into my house, my house , and threatens us? No son; we will not be intimidated, and we won't lie down for nobody. Understand?\" Chester took a shaking breathe, \" Yes sir.\" Theo turned to Wyatt, waiting silently for his answer. Wyatt smoothed back his hair, \" Yeah Pa, I hear ya.\" Nodding, becoming calm once more, Theo said, \" Now, I'm goin' to talk to Lilibelle about this. I don't want her going to the station no more. Ya'll start dinner.\" Lilibelle ran the brush through her long hair furiously, eyes brewing with anger at what transpired downstairs. Snarlingly, she dropped her brush on the vanity table and stared at her reflection with distain. A knock came to her door. Thinking it was Chester, she jumped up from her vanity and marched over, yanking the door open, \"What?! Oh, daddy,\" Her father raised his brow, \" Mad about somethin' darlin'?\" She brushed her hair behind her ear, letting her father inside, \" You could say that.\" She began pulling her covers down, getting ready for bed. Seeing this, Theo asked, \" Tired already?\" \"Mmhmm,\" she murmured, turning to face him. She gave a half-hearted smile and plopped on to the bed, \" I suppose I am.\" Theo made an agreeing rumble in his throat before crossing his arms, \" Maybe from running all over town?\" She knew this was coming so said nothing as she waited for him to lecture. He expelled a heavy sigh before kneeling in front of her, taking her hands in his, \" I'm sorry sweetheart.\" Confused, she cocked her head to the side, \"What for, daddy?\" \"Keeping you held up in this house. You have to understand that me and yer brothers, we want only to keep you safe.\" She smiled softly at her father, caressing his cheek, \" I know.\" He returned her smile before rising to sit next to her, \" You're my only daughter darlin'; I've done the best I could without your mother here.\" Lilibelle leaned into her father, wrapping her arms around his, \" You did fine, daddy.\" He pulled away and made her look at him by pushing up her chin, \" Will you do something for you're ol' daddy?\" \" What is it?\" she asked worriedly. Looking at her with serious eyes, he said, \" Stay away from the Bondurants?\" Befuddled, she shook her head, \" Why?\" \" Just do this for me?\" He asked, ignoring her question. \" Not til you tell me why,\" she declared, looking at her father firmly. He looked away, chuckling, \" Stubborn; just like yer momma.\" She tilted her head, \" Does this have anything to do with that agent?\" He looked at her sharply, \" ...yeah, it does.\" Theo leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees, \" He's investigating a murder and it points to the Bondurants. He thinks 'cause Jace is working for 'em, he may know something, Not to mention he's become friends with that boy.\" \"Jack,\" she murmured, remembering how sweet he had been towards her at the station. \" Then there's you,\" he said gently, looking at her with concern. Lilibelle shook her head, \" What about me?\" \"I ain't too sure but he knows you drop Jace off. He wants to talk to you,\" he said bitterly. Lilibelle ran her fingers through her hair before licking her lips, \" Daddy, I don't know anything about their business, other than that they make it and sell it.\" He nodded in agreement, \" I know darlin'.\" He stood and motioned for her to lie down, \" Just do me this favor, Lilibelle. Make me breathe a little easier, hmm?\" She reluctantly lied down, bringing the blanket up to her waist. Looking at her father with uncertainty, she said, \" I won't stop bringing Jace there, but I won't stay anymore,\" Though not what he wanted, Theo nodded before bending over and kissed her forehead, \" Thank you darlin'.\" Theo smiled once more before leaving her room, closing the door behind her. Downstairs, Jace was arguing with his brothers about being left out of the conversation about the Bondurants. Seeing as he worked for them and was friends with Jack, he figured he had a right to have a say. Chester turned from chopping up a ham hawk, waving the knife in the air, \" Just do yer work and don't say nothing!\" Wyatt held up his hands, trying to keep his brothers from fighting, \" Now hold on, Pa said we were going to talk to them about this mess. Don't be making any decisions, Chester.\" Rumbling under his breathe, Chester turned back and stabbed the ham hock with the knife. Theo walked in and patted Jace on the back, greeting him. Jace looked up at his father from where he sat at the table, \" They told me about the agent.\" Theo gave Chester a mild look of contempt before pouring himself a glass of sweet tea, \"Well son, it seems this Agent Richards wants to start something with the Bondurants, and is dragging us into it.\" \"Though we don't need be,\" said Chester quietly as he dried his hands with a towel. Ignoring his son's comment, Theo said to his youngest, \" We'll find a way to talk to 'em without Richards finding out, and let 'em know what's goin' on.\" Jace bolted up, exclaiming, \" I'll tell Jack tomorrow, when I go to work. We'll set up a meeting!\" Theo looked unsure but reluctantly agreed, \"Alright but just tell 'em that we want to talk, don't say anything 'bout Richards.\" Jace furrowed his brow, \"Why not?\" Wyatt pushed off the counter he had been leaning on, \" Because baby brother; we don't know how they'll react.\" Jace supposed he had a point. Theo sat down at the head of the table, \"Lilibelle's gone to bed. She seemed upset with something.\" He gave Chester pointed look as he said this. Chester said nothing, but his eyes softened ever so slightly as he sliced up the dead pig. Thanks for reading and a Merry Christmas! PLEASE REVIEW!i V V V v V[Chapter 7] A/N: Hi guys! I am sorry for such a delay in updates, but with school, I've been very busy. I will continue to update sporadically but will try to update as often as possible. With that being said, please enjoy the next chapter in the story. Please remember to REVIEW THE CHAPTER AFTER READING! Thanks, enjoy ! The Shindig Chapter Five The sounds of screams echoed throughout the silent house. There were no running feet or calls of concern as the cries came from the room belonging to Lilibelle Rossetti. The early morning light filtered through the windowed as she continued to scream. Theo and Chester were out in the fields, too far out to hear, and Wyatt had driven Jace to school as Lilibelle had refused to open her door when Chester tried to talk to her. Inside the room, Lilibelle thrashed and clawed at her invisible attacker. Her hair was tangled around her like a deformed halo as tears escaped her closed eyes. \"Please! Oh please no...stop it! No more...no more...\" Her eye snapped opened as she shot up in the bed, her blanket ensnaring her legs. Sweat clung to her neck, causing her hair to stick. Her eyes darted about the room, searching for her tormentor. Though dead, Nathan Shivers still stalked her in her dreams. She had been able to hide the nightmares for the most part, though she had never had one as intense as the one she had just broken away from. Her fingers trailed down her bare thighs to try and rub the phantom touch left by her terror-filled nightmare. Throwing the covers off, she pulled her legs up to her chest and encircled her arms around them, letting her had rest against her knees. Would she ever be free of that man? Would she ever be herself again? Jefferson Richards walked out of the morgue, the smell of repugnant rotting flesh still burning his nose hairs. The body of his friend and colleague , Charlie Rakes, had been found at last. Or what was left of him. When he had disappeared, Jefferson had volunteered to lead the search. The trail led him to Franklin County. The sheriff was a dumb enough fellow, Jefferson thought. His informant had told him of the boy working for the Bondurants, and his pretty sister who took him to and from the station. When he had met that sweet little number he had imagined what she looked like underneath that dress she wore, her exposed knees teasing him. Her hands had been so soft in his. He was due back in Franklin soon, but the discovery of Rakes body had precedence. He would need to inform Mr. Wardell of his progress. Jasper Heathrow whistled as he walked down the hall of the management department, searching for Jed. He found the man to be quiet, who kept to himself , and was a hard worker. Knocking on the open door, Jasper walked in. Looking up from the pile of paperwork on his desk, Jed saw Jasper with that ever present smile on his face. \" Mr. Heathrow,\" he greeted with a nod. Jasper sat dozen across from him, lifting his feet on to the corner of the desk, \" You know, Jed, you work too hard.\" Jed chuckled dryly, \" This ain't nearly as hard as I'm used to, sir.\" Jasper looked at the man and could see the wear in his face from years of physical labor. Though thirty-two, Jed looked older than his age. The young heir had often talked to Jed's brother, Bill, on the line, and had learned that Jed had been forced to take a job on a factory line after their mother died and he lost his job. \" Why don't we go out on the town, Jed? Live a little.\" Jasper asked, removing his feet from the desk, Jed quirked an eyebrow, \" Doin' what now?\" Jasper sighed and rolled his neck. as he did, a picture frame caught his eye. He picked it up from its place on the desk and saw a pretty girl smiling. \" This your girl?\" He asked curiously. Jed looked up from the paperwork since more and sat up straiter when he saw Jasper looking at the picture. He reached over and took it from him, placing it back on the desk, \" No sir. That's my sister.\" \" Oh yeah? What's her name?\" He asked, looking from the picture to him inquisitively. Coughing, Jed mumbled, \"Lilibelle, sir.\" \" Pretty name.\" He said, peering down at the picture once more. Jace stood outside the school house, waiting for Lilibelle to show up. He had worn his cost to satisfy his sister's worrying, but it had warmed up slightly. He stepped down the fee steps of the school house and began walking as the truck came into view. He noticed that Lilibelle's hair was down; something unusual as Lilibelle never wore her hair down outside the house. She wore a simple blue dress with a heavy coat that appeared to be Bill's old one that didn't fit anymore. Smiling, he jumped into the truck and leaned over to kiss her on the cheek. She offered it up willingly and wrapped her arm around his neck for a weak hug. As they drove down the road, Jace couldn't help but notice how quiet his older sister was being. She usually would be asking how his day went or what he did in class. But nothing came from her. She looked strait ahead, her eyes solely focused on the road. \" Hey Lilibelle?\" he asked hesitantly. \" Hmm?\" she hummed, not looking away from the road. Jace licked his lips, \"...are you alrigh'?\" She turned her head at her brother's tone, \" I'm fine.\" She gave a half-hearted smile before turning back to looking at the road. She turned and headed down the isolated road that led top Blackwater station. Lilibelle pulled into the station and shut off the truck. Turning to Jace, she said, \" Alright, I'll be back to pick you up in a few hours, Jace.\" Jace opened the door to get out but stopped and turned to his sister, \" Are you over it?\" Lilibelle blinked and tilted her head, \" What are you talking about?\" He looked at her firmly before saying, \" Are you over what Shivers did to ya?\" Taken aback, Lilibelle sat up stiffly and clutched at the wheel. \" Why are you asking me that?!\" she asked with irritation, turning away to look over at the lake. She didn't want her brother to see her upset. Of course she wasn't over it. How could anyone ever get over something like that? Especially when it had been only a few months. Jace forced her to look at him by grabbing her hand. She looked back, her eyes growing watery. \" Lilibelle...\" he muttered, unsure of what to do. He had only seen his sister cry on a number of occasions; most of which had occurred in the the recent months. \" Hey Jace!\" Jack came running out of the station sudden, causing Lilibelle to yank her hand from Jace's to wipe at the escaping tears. He leaned against the open window and nodded at Lilibelle politely,\" How're you doin' Miss Lilibelle?\" She smiled softly, \" I'm doing just fine, Jack.\" Jack frowned at the sight if her teary face. Jace got out of the truck, leaving his books behind. Lilibelle shifted the gearshift before telling Jace she would be back to pick him up later. \" Bye Jack! Nice seeing you again,\" she said as she pulled out of the station, Jack watched curiously as she drove off before turning to Jace who had a worried look on his face. \"Yer sister alrigh' Jace?\" he asked, taking his hat off to scratch his scalp. Jace huffed and shook his head, \" I don't know these days.\" Furrowing his brow, Jack asked, \" What's that mean?\" As if snapping out of thought, Jace turned to Jack, \" I can't say.\" \" Somebody been messin' with her? 'Cause if that's the case, we'll take care of it for ya.\" As Jack said this, Forrest and Howard came from inside. \" Take care of what, Jack?\" Forrest asked, causing his brother and the young Jace to turn on their heels to face him. \"Um,\" Jack said, placing his hat back on his head. \" Well spit it out, Jack! \" Howard said, growing impatient with the silence. Jace spoke up, waving his hand dismissively, \" It ain't nothing, Forrest.\" Jack looked at Jace with doubt, \" You sure, Jace? She seemed pretty upset to me. Cry'in and all.\" \" Cryin'?!\" Howard turned to Jace and gave him a hard look,\" Why's yer sister been cryin, boy?\" Jace sighed,\" I can't say. But thank you for carin', I guess.\" Trying to change the subject, Jace turned to Forrest, \" What you got for me today?\" Forrest nodded his head towards the station, \" Mind the place. Me and Howard got a few errands to run,\" Nodding, Jace walked past Forrest and Howard. He stopped though and turned back just as the two brothers began making their way towards Forrest's truck, \" Hey wait!\" They stopped and turned, waiting for him to speak. Jace nervously approached them, his hands burying themselves in his pockets. Jack gave his friend a curious look from where he stood on the porch. He walked up behind him as he reached his brothers. \" What you got to say?\" Forrest asked as he rolled his toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. Swallowing his nervousness, Jace said, \"My pa, he wants to talk to ya'll.\" \"'Bout what? He want some white lightning? We just made a batch last night. Maybe some of Forrest's apple brandy? Taste like candy, I'll tell ya!\" Jack rambled on excitedly. \" Jack,\" Forrest said, looked at his brother with a stern gaze, Jack settled down and cleared his throat, looking down at his feet, Jace looked at Jack, \" Not really interested in buyin', per say.\" \" Then what's he want?\" grunted Howard. Jace took a breath. \" I can't really say. Pa just wants to talk to ya'll 'bout something to do with yer business.\" They were quiet for a moment, simply looking at him with uncertainty. After all, the last time anyone wanted to talk to them about their business, they ended up on a bridge, guns blazing, Finally, Forrest said, \" We'll be about Campbell's place tonight. Tell yer pa he can talk there.\" Howard looked at Forrest, bewildered. Jack patted Jace's shoulder, \" Come on, Jace. Let's play some cards til someone comes in.\" Jace followed wordlessly, surprised that Forrest had agreed to meet his pa later. He had expected some kind of altercation , especially with Howard there. He couldn't help the smile that etched its way on to his face. Lilibelle came to a screeching halt on the side of the road and proceeded to let out a bellowing scream. Her small hands gripped the wheel tightly as she cried. She fell forward and rested her head against her knuckles. Was she over it? Was she over it?! Her thoughts, turbulent and painful, filled her head as she went back to that night. Helpless. Weak. Violated. These were the things she felt when she had been tied to the bed in Nathan Shiver's apartment. These were the things she still felt. She threw smiles on her face to make everyone happy and to hide what she really felt. Inside she was screaming and a storm of anger filled her. Taking a breath, Lilibelle sat up and wiped harshly at her face. She could't let anyone see her like this. She shifted the gear and made her way home. That night when Lilibelle arrived to pick up Jace, she arrived to an empty station. There was no sign of her brother or the Bondurants anywhere. Sighing, Lilibelle sat at the bar and laid her head against the wooden surface. After her breakdown earlier, she had gone home and had fallen asleep. She had been exhausted from the lack of sleep due to the constant nightmares. The quiet disturbed her. She was used to noise. Constant and loud noise. When Jace finally walked into the station, He found his sister sleeping at the bar. He sighed and wiped his forehead of sweat. Approaching her slowly, he shook her shoulder, causing her to groan and sit up. \"Jace?\" He offered a tired smile, \" Hey, come on we gotta go.\" Jace nearly dragged her out the door. Lilibelle barely caught herself as they walked down the steps outside, \" Jace! Calm down now!\" He pushed her into the driver's seat and jumped in beside her, \"Hurry up sis, we gotta meet Pa at the Campbell's place!\" Blinking in confusion, she merely said, \" Huh?\" Jace wiped the sweat from his brow and threw his head back with a deep sigh, \"Chester didn't tell you?\" By the blank stare he was receiving, Jace took it as a no. Lilibelle started up the truck and started driving, \"Tell me what?\" Unrolling his sleeves, Jace said, \" We're meetin' the Bondurants at a shindig on Campbell's land. Jack gave me the directions.\" Lilibelle groaned and looked down at her outfit. She still wore the same blue dress and had her brother's worn out coat. She had a pair of Jace's old boots on, in her hurry to pick up Jace. She sighed as she followed Jace's directions, becoming lost several times, until they came upon a number of cars parked on the side of the road near a barn. Jace jumped out of the still moving car, causing Lilibelle to nearly have a heart attack. She came to a sudden stop, causing the breaks to squeak and gained the attention of everyone around. \"JACE MICHAEL ROSSETTI!\" Growing white in the face, Jace turned on his heels to see his sister charging at him, hair flying about. \"Ah!\" he hissed as he held the back of his head. Lilibelle had boxed his ear in her fury, \" Don't you ever do something like that again! Are ya crazy?\" Face red from embarrassment, Jace looked around at the people around them, \"Um...yes ma'am.\" Shaking her head, she said, \"I swear Rossetti men are something stupid at times!\" \"Hey!\" Turning around, Lilibelle saw Wyatt standing there, a look of mock insult on his face, \"I take offense to that, little sister!\" She rolled her eyes, \"Well you are!\" Wyatt kissed her temple and wrapped his arm around her shoulder. Looking over at Jace, he said, \"Thought Pa told you ta go home, Jace.\" Lilibelle turned sharply and glared at her younger brother, \"What? You lied?\" Jace stuttered and stuffed his hands in his pants, \"W-well,\" \"Jace!\" she screamed, reaching out to smack him. He saw her coming and dodged, running into the crowd. Sighing, Lilibelle dropped her head on Wyatt's shoulder, \"I'm gonna kill that boy.\" \"Lilibelle!\" Forrest stood with his brothers near a fire barrel, looking around the place for the Rossetti patriarch. He had only met the man once; filled up his truck on his way into town. From what he saw, Theo Rossetti was a quiet man, though he had a certain air about him that didn't invite trouble. When he heard Lilibelle scream, he didn't recognize her voice at first. He had never heard her voice turn harsh and angry before. He was accustomed to her gentle, soft spoken nature. He turned his head in the direction of the hollerin' and watched as Lilibelle stormed across the ground towards Jace, her hair flowing wild behind her. He heard Jack snicker as Jace ran off, escaping his sister. Their brother, one he hadn't met yet, who had come up behind them. \"She's a firecracker, ain't she?\" asked Howard, holding a jar of shine in his hand. Jack crossed his arms, \"I don't reckon she is. She's too gentle-liike, if you ask me. 'Sides, she's just worried about Jace. He tells me all the time she fusses over him, like she's his mama or something.\" As he continued to watch her, her other brother, the one he nearly took out his knuckles for at the station, stalked up to her. He took her firmly by the arm and looked as though he were hissing in her ear. He didn't like his manner very much. In fact, he had an urge to knock his teeth in. A puff of smoke from his cigar bellowed from his mouth as he watched, eyes narrowed ever so slightly. Lilibelle wrenched herself away from his grip and glared up at him. He said something to her, pointing in the direction of Jace, who had found himself being berated by his daddy. Whatever he had said caused the dainty woman's lips to tremble. Forrest immediately straightened, pulling his cigar from his mouth. Her brother's demeanor changed just as suddenly as Lilibelle's. He attempted to wrap his arms around her in a hug but was pushed away by Lilibelle, who suddenly swung her hand out and clasped her brother clear across the face, the sound echoing in the noisy crowd. Howard let out a hollering laugh, pointing at Chester, who looked after his fleeing sister with shock. Forrest followed her with his eyes, all the while silent to his brothers chuckling. Her retreating form moving away from the shindig, disappearing around the side of the barn. She looked...worn. As though something was eating at her. She looked as though she was caught up in whirlwind. He found himself walking after her, leaving Howard and Jack confused, \"Hey, Forrest! Where you goin'?\" He tossed the cigar he had been savoring into the fire barrel and pocketed his hands as he weaved through the people, all of whom where ignorant of the troubled girl, too caught up in their liquid bliss, courtesy of him and his brothers. As he grew closer, he stopped in front of Chester, who removed his hand from his cheek to glare at him, \"What do you want, Bondurant?\" Forrest stared at him, hard. Chester watched him with uncertainty. He had heard stories of Forrest Bondurant around town. There seemed to be a legend surrounding him and his brothers, that they were apparently immortal. He didn't believe a word of that bullshit. \"What're you starin' at!\" he hissed. Forrest pulled his hands from his pockets and faced him fully, \"Don't ever touch her that way again.\" Chester clenched his fists, \"What'd you say?\" Though slightly taller and bigger than him, Chester knew that Forrest was capable of killing him. There was something dark in this man standing in front of him,, something very dark and untamed. He feared for Lilibelle because he knew there was something in Forrest Bondurant that appealed to her. He knew his sister better than anyone else in the family, and because he knew Lilibelle so well, he knew that she was just like their mother. And because she was just like their mother, he knew that she found a man like Forrest Bondurant attractive. After all, their mother married their daddy, who was a very dangerous man himself. He feared for her and would do anything to keep her safe. Forrest didn't repeat himself. He simply turned and walked away, continuing on his way towards the barn. Lilibelle let herself slide down the side of the barn until her rear sat on the grass. She pulled her legs up to her chest and laid her head against her knees. Letting out a sigh, she closed her eyes and sat there in silence. She let out a sudden sob as her emotions came to the surface. How dare he say such a thing to her! Lilibelle let the tears fall, her brother's words echoing in her head. She did everything she could to help her family, she didn't want to be a burden to them! She sat there, listening to the sound of crickets chirping and the wind blowing through the fields as she gently weeped, when a soft voice asked, \"You alright, Miss Belle?\" Her head shot up in the direction of the voice. It was Forrest. He stood at the corner of the barn, looking down at her with silent concern. She wiped the tears from her cheek, trying to act as though she was merely scratching an itch. She attempted to give a smile, though it was wobbly, \"Of course, I am.\" He tilted his head, \"Don't do that.\" Blinking, she watched as he approached her. She was surprised when he sat down beside her, wincing slightly as he did. He rested his arm on his bent knee and looked down at her. Even sitting down, he was taller than her. \" Do what?\" she asked softly, looking down at her lap. \"You hide behind yer smile,\" he said. She looked up at him, surprised, \"I don't know what you mean, Mr. Bondurant.\" \"Forrest,\" he said, giving her a pointed look. She couldn't help the small grin that graced her lips. \"Why're you cryin' Miss Belle?\" he asked bluntly. She tilted her head, causing her hair to fall over her shoulder as she looked at him curiously, \"Miss Belle?\" He grumbled and looked away. She giggled softly and let her legs relax, making sure her dress didn't stick against them. \"You shouldn't let yer brother walk all over ya, like that.\" he said, looking back at her. She seemed surprised that he saw what had happened, \"You saw?\" He nodded. She laid her head back against the barn, closing her eyes as she did. This gave Forrest a view of her exposed neck. It was slender and milky white, soft as a peach. He swallowed heavily before clearing his throat, coughing slightly. i She turned her head to look at him, \"I don't know what's gotten into him. He didn't always used to be like this, you know. Before the war, he was sweet and always was so gentle. Now, he's completely different. I don't know what I did.\" \"Nothin' you did, Miss Belle,\" he said softly. She opened her eyes and gave him a grateful look, \"Thanks for thinking that.\" He shook his head once, \"Ain't no thinking; it's just the truth.\" She smiled. A real, happy smile, \"Thanks all the same.\" A silence fell between them. It was uncomfortable or strange; it was a pleasant silence. \"You have a nice right hook, though, Miss Belle,\" he said after a moment. She let out an airy laugh and without realizing it, rested her head against his arm, allowing him a whiff of her smell. He couldn't recognize it, other than it was flowery and sweet. He liked it. \"Mr. Bondurant, I advise you remove yourself from my daughter, now.\" The happiness she felt quickly dissipated, leaving behind worry at the sound of her father's calm, though cold voice. PLEASE REVIEW! V V V V V V V ","Summary":" Hi guys! I saw Lawless and was instantly in love with the movie! I loved Forrest out of the brother"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"A Foal's Fondest Wish","Author":"Lilly K","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11408652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I apologize for the wait. Life is life, you know, but here is the first tiny bit of the sequel to What Curiosity Killed, A Foal's Fondest Wish. Ch. 1 Spawn Gump awoke with a powerful twitch as he lay in his pile of ash where the fire had been. This part of the woods was cold, too cold now, and too dark. He sat up and pulled a rabbit skin around his shoulders, looking this way and that with a nervous glance. The shadows surrounding him seemed to move with their own sort of eerie life, and circled him in discomforting silence. He stumbled haphazardly across snapping twigs into a clearing in the canopy where the stars shone down. He breathed a quiet sigh, letting the starlight warm his face—not with its light, but with its hope. \"Monoceros!\" he whispered, relaxing his muscles and craning his neck back to gaze at the heavens, \"The unicorn stars!\" How bright they were! How radiant to see tonight, from the lightless forest! A shadow fell over Gump's face, and the stars were smothered. A fearsome being stood before him, with horns like a beast and eyes like a man and skin as white as the grave. He spoke in deep tones, but the smooth reverberations of Darkness's voice were not present. Instead, the voice was hardened and rough. \"And where there is death, so there is life... so too, I expect, for you, little fairy.\" The being took Gump by the scruff of his neck, and the little elf kicked and screamed and wailed, \"Let me go! Let me go! I want no part of it! No part!\" The being only laughed derisively at his struggle, \"Oh, you do not?\" He looked into Gump's frightened eyes, invading them, invading his mind and his heart with an inky, sickening feeling. Gump tried to push back, tried to learn some weakness from the powerful being's essence as it stole from his. Xaoc, the being was called, and it was a demon. It smiled down at Gump knowingly through a row of needle-like teeth. \"Your friends have abandoned you. Oona, Jack... and the power of my brother's brood captivates this wood day by day. Your home is … disappearing. Chaos... surrounds you.\" He stuck a long, pointed tongue out and wrapped it around Gump's head, resting its point against his nose, and licked the entire tongue back into his mouth with a satisfied slurp. \"Little elf, your time is at an end. Either change as you must, or perish because you are not able.\" \"I won't be a goblin! I won't be a goblin!\" he fussed. Xaoc only held him higher, tightening his muscular grip around the elf's neck. Gump felt his life slipping away from his eyes. A majestic bray echoed through the wood. Xaoc dropped Gump in a pile of leaves, and turned to see the unicorn, swollen and pregnant, stampeding towards him with her horn lowered to strike. The demon vanished in a cloud of mist. Gump coughed and pulled himself up through the crinkling leaves to look at her. \"... And where there is death... so there is life,\" he rasped, wide eyed, bending on both knees before the unicorn that had saved his life, as he had saved her life many years ago, \"A foal!\" The mother unicorn was not like the timid creature that Gump recalled from his adventure many years ago with Oona and Jack and the traitor princess. This mare's eyes were blazing black, and she reared up on her hind legs and whinnied. Gump could just make out by the starlight that her shimmering golden horn was stained at the tip with black goblin blood. \"Easy, girl! Danger's gone. It wasn't come for your young...\" Gump whispered, eyes wide. The unicorn trotted in place, abdomen swaying as it pounded the rage out of its hooves into the forest earth. \"I see,\" said Gump, using a tree to help him to his feet. \"But mother, you must rest now. One unicorn should not bear the burden of the whole forest. It is not your fault.\" Gump sighed, and thought to himself, if anything, it was his. He should have taken responsibility for the wayward humans, but he succeeded only in stalling the waves of darkness to come. The unicorn breathed heavily, and slowly approached the elf. Its horn began to glow as it lowered its head gently. She rested the horn against Gump's shoulder, and he felt a warm, rich emotion rise in his belly. It felt like the reason to stand up for good and truth and light and beauty... It felt like life. It brought tears to the small elf's eyes as it healed the bruises forming on his neck. \"Mother unicorn,\" said Gump, bowing his head, \"I swear, I will protect and defend you and your child with my life, against all others, no matter what I must do or who I must slay. If by my hand I can save you, your radiance shall not fade.\" \"Far from the forest, in a land between the Heavens and the Earth, there is a ceaseless tornado, spinning up into the clouds. In the twister is a tiny house with only one room. It bobs endlessly in the swirling grip of the winds. Inside it lives a single ancient angel, Helena the Gray. Caught between the worlds of light and dark, the angel watches her kin, the demonic and the angelic, hoping to find truth. At least, so the stories go...\" Lili, Queen of Darkness, smiled as she peered over the runic book at her newest brood of eggs. They were scaly and black and glistened with moisture. \"Do you like the story?\" she asked. They gave a little wobble, perhaps an indication. \"Well,\" She held the book closer to her face to read again, and was interrupted by an awful squawking. \"Get them, get them!\" called Blunder the Goblin, chasing after a ribbiting stampede of toads. The two chefs lumbered into the room, dopily turning this way and that to collect their stray ingredients. Blunder heaved a deep sigh, standing up next to where the dark lady sat, and still had to look up to meet her gaze. \"So sorry, mistress. The Lord sure does love his toady-face pie,\" he chuckled halfheartedly before his tone changed to anger, \"But these KNUCKLEHEADS can't seem to keep the toads IN THE KITCHEN!\" Lili laughed sincerely, eyes dancing, and scooped up one of the little toads from the nest of eggs. \"What's the matter, don't be so uptight!\" she stuck out her tongue, \"Can't you handle a little-\" \"Chaos.\" came the warm, rich voice of Lord Darkness. \"Exactly,\" Lili lifted to her feet and embraced him. He closed his eyes and purred, but then looked at her with worry. \"My brother, Xaoc, has just left us for the domain of the angels. He took no time to mention why, and Monoceros burns bright. What can it mean?\" Lili looked upon his wrinkled red face and remembered long, long ago when she had met the unicorns. It was a different life. It was a different world. Lili gave up the life of a human woman to live in the delights of Darkness, forever a demon bride. She had not kept track of how many years it had been. She walked arm in arm with the demon lord up to their nest where the eggs rested, contemplating silently. Darkness held her close to him, \"Your thoughts are transparent as the dew, my lady,\" he kissed her forehead. \"But do not trouble yourself for the past. It disturbs the...\" he reached out his hand and moved his fingers over the black lumpy mounds, \"Eggs.\" Lili felt a surge of lust, and sank her teeth into the demon's shoulder. High above, the celestial angels listened as Xaoc the Defiler and Helena the Gray told them the meaning of the brightest stars—that a foal was about to be born into the world below.[Chapter 2] Apologies for taking so long again. There really is no adequate excuse, so I will only say that I promise this story will happen eventually-but it is going to take time. I appreciate very much that there are people reading, and I don't want to undervalue that. But saying anything other than \"This will take a long time to finish\" Would be unrealistic right now. I will try to post small chapters so that you will have some update rather than nothing for a long time. The Carpenter's House (Mini CH) 2 She watched him rocking back and forth in the wooden chair he had made himself from a sturdy old oak. She watched him run his fingers over the hammer on his belt with reverence, and sip the chilled beer from a tankard on the stump beside him. Oona watched him breathing—his shoulders moving up and down as his wizened old eyes darted nimbly from tree to shrub, following the fireflies. The stars were coming out. Jack sighed and his wrinkled old lip twitched up to his nose in a smirk—the beautiful stars were smiling. In three days, it would be ten years. Ten years since his wife passed away. Twelve years since his youngest boy left the village to seek his fortune. Forty three years since he had left home himself. All that remained of the life he had created were the empty bed frames, the kitchen chairs and table, and a few too many good memories. Life had never been easy for Jack, but things seemed to always turn out well. He would exhaust himself, working into the night, but wake up to find that he had finished anything that he started. The impish fairy Oona had learned much from Jack. She learned the value of treating others with kindness, expecting nothing in return. She had set out to follow the human boy not sure if she was going to make his life better or miserable, but soon found that nothing she did could determine his happiness—only Jack could do that. She learned to watch and love the humans like one watches and loves the morning glories that blossom with the dew and close again before nightfall. Jack's wife was plain and gentle, and Oona didn't much like that. She gave the little woman a beautiful face and glowing hair and pinched her whenever she forgot to stand up for herself. Jack's sons and daughters were as wild as he was when he was young, and spent most of their time tripping over trolls' legs or stumbling into satyrs, but when they came home in the evening he showed them all the love that a father could give. They never were rich, but they never were cold, and they never were hungry. Oona missed the children and their mother as much as Jack, for they had been her favorite secret playthings, but she never thought to follow them off on their adventures into the wide world. Jack tugged at the collar of his tunic as the night began to cool. So much was past now. The forest was thick around his small cabin and growing dark. He could see little looking forward, but the sky glittered so beautifully when he looked up that he could not take his eyes off of it, even when he began to hear sounds from deep in the trees. Oona gasped, \"My Jack!\" And she fluttered so hard that she hit her poor little head on the top of an outstretched branch. Her head was woozy—rushing with bright pixie dust and fright. She spiraled out of control toward the tranquil old man as the wild things of the forest crept closer to his lonely form.[Chapter 3] (Mini) Ch. 3 Mirrors and Fragments Xaoc shook himself off, feet planted firmly back into the world's earth, and sprayed little bits of volcanic ash from his crackling white-gray body. \"Angels...\" He growled with contempt, letting the magma blood in his veins char his formerly pale white skin. \"Tossers, all of them,\" Nodded Helena, though any anger she may have harbored was invisible. She looked thoughtful. \"We told them what's fair, and if they have their heads too far up their arses to give a damn, we don't need Heaven.\" \"I would have thought,\" Rumbled Xaoc, \"That at least the Radiant Master would have put some effort into the charade—some indication, however duplicitous, that he cared for his mortal pets. But he must be more withered and useless than even I supposed.\" \"Perhaps,\" said the expressionless gray angel, \"we shall see for ourselves,\" she whispered, pulling a glittering pocket-mirror from her robe. Xaoc stumbled back a step, and lowered his voice to a deadly quiet, \"You are mad to use that here! My brother will find out and torture you out of your mind—if my father does not crawl through and devour you himself!\" \"Your father's quarrel is not with me, it is with your foolish, prideful brother and his temptress.\" She sat on a stone facing the bog opposite from the caverns where Darkness had claimed his first domain. \"But in his wrath, you will be destroyed...\" Xaoc could not help himself. He peered deeply into the mirror, and the expressionless angel changed, smiling mischievously behind him. For the gray angel who had been alone for so long, tempting a tempter was utterly satisfying. Blinding light, but Xaoc did not turn away from the mirror. Blinding light, and then an eye as blue as the crystal seas. The eye looked like it should have been laughing, but the creature that held it seemed not to be amused. The royal angel Arthuriel grasped the great blue eye with resentment, and with the other hand was playing a fast, disjointed tune on some celestial harp. His ears were curved, his eye-sockets sunken, and his cold silver light flowed down his ragged floor-length hair into the very clouds. The angel peeked into the mirror with dread at himself, growing old, growing …. bitter. He mustered the luminance from his stomach and transformed his face into a younger creature of impeccable beauty, and sang a few notes that would have seemed perfect, if they weren't so sad. The angel turned away from his mirror, and his face became more jaded and fearsome than before. His light was powerful, not warm; sophisticated, not graceful. He would not look into the eye. Xaoc handed the mirror away in stunned silence for a moment, and Helena folded it neatly back into the nether of her robe. Then the demon started to laugh, \"Is it truly...\" he started soft, and the laugh became bolder and wilder, like all the creatures of the wild wood were laughing along with the demon, as if they had all just learned the terrible and wonderful secret. \"... That there is nothing left... of the Radiant Master... the anchor of the mighty angels... but one eye!\" A defeated, shriveled Devil in hell, and only the hopeless shred of a God left in the heavens. \"It seems, my dear lady,\" Xaoc said, purring with excitement, \"That it is time for a new order in the universe.\" ","Summary":" I apologize for the wait. Life is life, you know, but here is the first tiny bit of the sequel to W"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Back in the Picture","Author":"Silver Azure","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6625516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What's better than a little surf, sun and sand? In Cody Maverick's book...nothing! Today however was gonna be the one day that made Cody's life a living hell, now mind you it wasn't ankle snapper's or anything like that, it was more like who made Cody's life a living hell. It all started on the beach one beautiful summer day, Cody and Lani were catching a few waves when Cody got axed and wiped out! He fell into the water but was OK. \"Are you all right?\" asked Lani \"Yeah I'm good\" replied Cody as he got back onto his board and began to row ashore Cody stuck his board in the sand when he saw a penguin just staring at the sea, now this guy had a black surfboard, blond hair and a surfer necklace, Cody decided to approach him; \"Hey man, what ya staring at?\" asked Cody \"The sea, it's beautiful\" replied the penguin \"Yeah, it certainly is\" replied Cody \"Oh, I'm Van by the way, what's your name?\" asked Van \"My name's Cody\" replied Cody Cody and Van began to chat for a little bit when Lani had approached, her eyes lit up as soon as she recognized Van. \"VAN! Oh my goodness how long as it been?\" exclaimed Lani as she gave Van a big hug \"Lani! Wow...strong greeting from the girl who said she never wanted to see me again\" joked Van \"Oh, Van that's old history\" chuckled Lani \"Am I missing something here?\" chuckled Cody \"Well...Van and I dated at one point, then we had an argument and I vowed that I wouldn't want to see him again but I was angry\" replied Lani \"What was the argument about if you don't mind me asking?\" asked Cody \"If I could remember, I'd tell you\" said Van \"HELP! I'M DROWNING!\" yelled a voice Lani, Van and Cody looked over to notice it was Arnold feigning drowning...yet again, Lani was annoyed. \" Arnold \" she angrily thought to herself \"Guys...I'll be right back\" said Lani as she went off to rescue Arnold \"Man...isn't she beautiful?\" asked Cody \"Shut up\" said Van Cody was dumbfounded at what he had just heard, here he thought Van was a nice guy and he goes off and tells him to shut up! \"Whoa, what the heck is your problem?\" exclaimed Cody \"You, you're my problem! I've already known you for five minutes and I don't even like you, don't even think of making any moves on Lani...she's gonna come right back to me!\" exclaimed Van \"Hey guys, sorry about that!\" exclaimed Lani as she rushed right back to the guys \"Hey, no prob Lani...always the caring type\" smiled Van \"Van you're such a flatterer\" joked Lani Cody wanted to desperately say something but he just felt he couldn't because he thought Lani wouldn't believe him because her and Van had history together and such. \"So Van, what brought you here anyways?\" asked Lani \"Just needed a new change of scenery\" replied Van \"So may I ask, Lani are you and Cody...an item?\" asked Van \"For six months now\" smiled Lani \" Damn it! \" Van angrily thought to himself though he just smiled and nodded Van, Lani and Cody just walked an talked for a while and Van was putting on the whole \"nice guy\" act to Cody even though Van didn't like him. Now mind you the feeling wasn't yet mutual because Cody knew Van was trying to show off in front of Lani and Cody really didn't want to open his mouth. \"Hey guys I'll be right back, I gotta hit the bathroom\" said Van as he walked away This gave Cody an ample opportunity to try and talk to Lani about Van; \"So what did you ever see in him anyway?\" asked Cody \"Well...when me and Van first met it was at a luau and he was on stage singing that song \"Kokomo\" boy did he have a voice, well after that he approached me and we began to talk...he was such a great listener and so sweet. Then one thing led to another and we began to date, but for some reason we had an argument and we split...I can't remember it though\" said Lani \"So you don't remember why you guys split?\" asked Cody \"Cody it was ages ago\" chuckled Lani Van had returned from his little bathroom break and saw Cody and Lani chatting \"So what're you two chatting about?\" asked Van \"Oh nothing much, Cody was just asking about the first time we met\" replied Lani \"Ah...what a night that luau was!\" exclaimed Van \"Yeah, it was fun\" replied Lani \"I'll bet it was\" said Cody \" Dude just shut up! \" Van angrily thought to himself In his mind Van was destined to break Lani and Cody up, no matter what the cost...because in his mind Van always got his way! (A/N) Hey guys I'm back! I was on hiatus for the new year, how's 2011 so far? Hope it's good and I just saw \"Surf's Up\" for the first time in a while and I decided to write this...I hope ya like it and there's more to come! AND I HOPE YOU HAVE A VERY HAPPY 2011![Chapter 2] Van was starting to irk Cody a bit, it seemed as if all Van could talk about was how he met Lani. However Lani seemed enthusiastic to talk about her meeting Van; \"What a luau that was!\" exclaimed Lani \"Yeah, Cody you would've loved it\" added Van Cody just shook him off because Van was pulling the old \"be nice to him in front of Lani but be a total jerk to him behind her back\" act. \"I'll never forget that night\" said Lani [BACK TO THE PAST...5 years to be exact... also italics mean Lani is speaking, bold means Van is speaking ] It was a beautiful August night and a few of the locals were getting together for a luau, there was food and dancing and overall partying. I was performing at that luau, it was me and my band's first gig and boy I was shaking like a leaf on a tree. After some time had went by, I heard someone announce that Van would be performing, now mind you Cody this was at least an hour or two before we really began speaking. Yeah, so anyways I get on stage and I'm gonna sing that song \"Kokomo\" but I felt like I had a lump in my throat but I was in front of an audience so I had to swallow my pride and sing my heart out. It was at that point I had heard him sing and I fell in love, not only with his voice but his looks as well! He sang so beautifully it was angelic, and every time he sang \"come on pretty mama\" I could swear he was looking at me. I was looking at her, after me and my band performed we got a standing ovation and I took a bow and exited the stage and went to grab a [nonalcoholic] drink and that's when I saw Lani. Right from the get-go we hit it off, he told me how pretty I was and we began to talk and no more then a week later we were dating! Yeah but it only lasted a year then we had that argument and I walked out, then came back a month later and we made up and then after four months we had another spat and I walked out again and then we didn't see each other again until just a few hours ago. [BACK TO THE PRESENT] \"So that's that story\" chuckled Van Cody again brushed him off because he was really beginning to have an animosity towards Van unbeknown to Lani \"Yeah...but now I'm with Cody\" said Lani as she gave him a big hug \" Suck on that Van! \" Cody thought to himself \" You're so dead Cody! \" Van thought to himself \"So how about we catch some waves?\" suggested Cody \"That sounds like fun, Van are you in?\" asked Lani \"I'd love to join but I've been surfing since at least midnight, wiped out a few times and I'm beat!\" exclaimed Van \"Your loss\" joked Cody \" Lani's gonna by YOUR loss \" Van devilishly thought to himself as he just chuckled and shrugged his shoulders \"So where are you gonna go?\" asked Lani \"I don't know, probably go and lay on the beach, get a little R&R; after hours of surfing\" replied Van \"Alright, well...maybe later we all could go out to grab a bite or something like that\" said Lani \"I'd like that\" replied Cody \"Yeah, so would I\" added Van Cody had his board by his side as Lani did hers and so did Van but he was heading off to the beach to relax but before Lani and Cody went off surfing, Van grabbed Cody by the arm; \"I just want to ask Cody something alright Lani? He'll join you in a minute\" said Van \"Sure thing\" replied Lani as she ran off to the water Cody pulled his arm out from Van's grip, and Cody looked a tad steamed \"What the hell do you want?\" exclaimed Cody \"One week\" said Van \"What do you mean?\" asked a confused Cody \"You have one week to break it off with Lani\" said Van snobbishly \"What if I refuse?\" challenged Cody \"I'm gonna break you in half!\" exclaimed Van as he got in Cody's face Lani had noticed Cody and Van talking but she didn't know what the conversation was about, unbeknown to her it was in fact about her \"HEY CODY THE WATER'S GREAT COME ON!\" exclaimed Lani \"Beauty awaits me\" said Cody in an equally snobbish tone of voice \"If you don't break it off with Lani within the week, an ass kicking is gonna await you as well!\" exclaimed Van Cody ignored Van as he ran off to the ocean to go surfing with Lani, meanwhile Van stuck his board in the sand and laid down for a nap...and he had the perfect dream; [VAN'S DREAM] Van and Lani were on the beach and Cody was nowhere to be found \"Oh Van you're so big and strong and not to mention so good looking!\" said Lani swooning over Van \"I know, I'm so glad you decided to dump that zero and get with a hero!\" exclaimed Van \"I don't know what I was thinking, I never should've left you!\" exclaimed Lani \"I forgive you...now how's 'bout a blast from the past?\" asked Van as he puckered up for a kiss Lani closed her eyes and her and Van shared a kiss and the waves were roaring and the sun was setting as if it were a scene out of a cheesy romance flick. [BACK IN REALITY] Van was sleeping with a smug look on his face, he knew that it was his mission to make Lani his even if it meant trying to sabotage Cody and Lani's relationship with each other. \" Lani is so mine! \" Van thought to himself as he lie down dreaming about her. (A/N) So what'd ya think of chapter 2? Will Van succeed in his plan? Only one way to find out and that's read on when I post more chapters...duh! Also I'd like to give a special thanks to Animation Universe 2005, he was the first reviewer in this story and an all around awesome guy! So...I'll post chapter 3 hopefully soon![Chapter 3] After waking up from his perfect dream, Van had woken up to see Cody standing above him giving him an angry stare. \"What? Can't you see I'm napping?\" angrily asked Van \"One week\" said Cody \"Yeah that's how long you have to break up with Lani\" wisecracked Van \"No, you have one week to get out of here\" said Cody \"Or what?\" challenged Van \"You'll see\" replied Cody as he went back to the water to go surfing with Lani Van just brushed Cody off because Van didn't feel threatened by Cody, Van felt that he was superior to Cody in the fact that he had more history with Lani and that would be the play maker right there. Van just felt that Cody was trying to scare him into leaving but it wouldn't work, but what Cody didn't know was Van had a few tricks up his sleeve...the upcoming luau, Van was gonna relive old times and try to swoon Lani by singing \"Kokomo\" just like he had successfully done before, but Cody also had a plan up his sleeve...a plan that will be explained in another chapter. After two hours had went by, Cody and Lani had exited the water and were pretty much done for the day and Lani had approached Van as he was waking up yet again; \"Hey sleepyhead\" chuckled Lani \"Nothing like a warm sun and a little nap to really refresh the mind and spirit\" said Van as he stretched \" Oh puh-leese \" Cody thought to himself \"So did anyone hear of the upcoming luau?\" asked Van \"There's gonna be a luau?\" asked Cody \"Yeah, I heard a few of the locals talking about it before I took my nap\" said Van \"Wow...a luau, haven't been to one of those in a while\" said Lani \"I was thinking I could get my band mates back together for one last gig\" said Van Lani had gotten excited at the idea because she hadn't heard Van sing in a long time \"Van, that would be awesome!\" squealed Lani \" Awesomely awful \" Cody thought to himself \" Phase one...complete \" Van thought to himself \"Yeah, I've been thinking of some other songs aside from Kokomo, but I gotta get in contact with them\" said Van \"I can't wait!\" exclaimed Lani \"Hey guys...I just remembered I gotta go do something I'll be a while\" said Cody \"May I ask what it is?\" asked Lani \"Something for the luau...you'll see\" replied Cody as he headed off \" Idiot, never leave your current girlfriend with her ex \" Van thought to himself \"Oh...alright well I do like surprises\" said Lani Cody had went off to go do what he was going to do, and Van figured he could work his magic on Lani and she'd be putty in his hands! \"Um...Van, there's something I gotta get off my chest\" said Lani nervously \"Sure, tell me\" replied Van \"Well...it's about you\" said Lani \"You don't think I'm imposing or anything like that?\" asked Van \"No it's not that...it's just...well...I still have feelings for you\" said Lani as she was finally able to spit it out \" Hook...line...and sinker, and I didn't even have to do anything! \" Van thought to himself even though he showed a shocked expression on his face \"Wow...are you serious?\" asked Van \"Yeah, it's just that...I miss being with you, I mean Cody's really great but now you're back in my life and all\" said Lani as she began to tear up a little bit \"Well Lani...I'll be frank, I still have feelings for you too but I don't think Cody would like it if I moved in on your relationship\" replied Van \"That's the thing...I may break it off with him but I wanna let him down gently\" said Lani tearing a little more \" This is going better than I expected! \" Van devilishly thought to himself \"Well...let's sit down and talk\" said Van \"You were always a great listener\" said Lani as she gave Van a hug \"Thanks Lani\" said Van grinning from ear to ear unknown to Lani They had sat down on the beach and began to talk and Van was so satisfied that he didn't even have to work his so called \"magic\" on her. \"I mean, I don't know how I'd do it\" said Lani \"How about after the luau?\" suggested Van \"Why after the luau?\" asked Lani \"Well...what have you got to lose? I mean we're all going to be partying that night so you can tell him the next day\" replied Van Lani was about to cry because she didn't want to hurt Cody but she knew he'd be hurt anyways but she still had feelings for Van; \"Lani, listen...how about I tell him? I mean we're cool\" said Van, obviously lying \"I don't know how he'd take it\" said Lani wiping a tear from her eye \"Don't worry, I'll break it to him gently\" replied Van, obviously lying yet again \"Thanks Van, I'm so glad I could count on you\" said Lani as she gave Van a hug and a kiss on his cheek \" Man Cody is such an idiot \" Van devilishly thought to himself So a few hours went by and Van was out searching for Cody to boast at the fact Lani was gonna dump him for her ex, now Cody should have understood the cardinal rule that you never ever leave your girlfriend with her ex because there's a pretty big chance she may get back with him, now mind you I'm not saying it's a gargantuan odd but it is pretty big. After searching, Van finally found Cody walking back on the beach; \"Hey Cody!\" exclaimed Van \"What do you want?\" asked Cody \"Just wanted to let you know that Lani's dumping your sorry ass, can't say I blame her\" taunted Van \"Wait, what? You're lying!\" exclaimed a dumbfounded Cody \"She told me herself, she wants me back! I knew it, I knew Lani would come CRAWLING back to me!\" taunted Van Cody was getting angry and rightfully so because he thought Van was just trying to get under his skin, but little did he know...Van was right. Then out of the corner of his eye he saw Lani talking to a friend of hers and this really gave him ample opportunity to do something sneaky that would really nail the lid on the coffin that is Cody and Lani's breakup. \"OW CODY YOU SON OF A-\" exclaimed Van as he fell to the ground clutching his gut and Lani saw Van on the ground, now Van was faking it because Cody never touched him but Lani didn't know that. Lani ran up and she looked ticked off; \"Cody what the hell did you do?\" exclaimed Lani \"I didn't do anything he's faking!\" Cody retaliated \"You liar...Lani I told him how you were breaking up with him then he went berserk and slugged me in the gut!\" exclaimed Van as he pretended to catch his breath, now it was no Oscar winning performance but he sure as hell had Lani fooled! \"Cody, I can't believe you'd act so childish and punch him like that!\" exclaimed Lani \"I never touched him!\" exclaimed Cody trying to plead his case but Lani wasn't having it \"Whatever, come on Van let's go!\" exclaimed Lani as the two walked off together Van looked back and sneered at Cody as if to say \"I won\" but little did Van realize...Cody had an ace up his sleeve! (A/N) There's the long awaited chapter 3! I hope you thought it was good, so what's Cody's ace up his sleeve? Even though he doesn't have sleeves but you know what I mean! Well...I'll update soon and you'll find out all about Cody's plan.[Chapter 4] Well it's official, Lani took back Van and dumped Cody like a bad dream but it was Van's faking and wrongdoing that wrecked the relationship but Lani didn't know that. Now I know what you're thinking; What about the ace up Cody's sleeve? Well my friends...I'm gonna get to that and the luau but first Van and Lani; \"Man I can't believe Cody would do something like that!\" exclaimed Lani \"I didn't even see it coming\" replied Van \"Well at least you're all right\" added Lani Van shook his head in agreement and just savored his \"victory\" I put victory in quotation marks because he pretty much manipulated Lani the whole way through! \"So what's planned for the luau? Did your band agree for one last gig?\" asked Lani \"Actually, I didn't know that they already knew about the luau and they had told me that if I was there we'll have one last gig\" replied Van \"What're you gonna sing?\" asked Lani getting excited \"Well...let's just say we're gonna relive old times\" replied Van smiling \"Oh Van...such a flatterer\" chuckled Lani as she hugged him \" I wonder how that loser Cody is feeling knowing I won the day and the girl! \" Van devilishly thought to himself \"I can't wait to hear that angelic voice again\" smiled Lani \"It'll be just like when we first met\" replied Van [NOW ON TO CODY! Note: Takes place the night before the previous chapter] It was morning and Cody figured he could get some surf in to clear his head of Van moving in on Lani \" Stupid punk! \" Cody thought to himself as he stuck his board in the sand because the waves weren't doing anything yet While Cody was sitting there angrily, a tall penguin with short blond hair and a penguin with short blond hair who was about as tall as Cody had approached; \"Why so glum dude? All ankle biters out there?\" he asked \"No it's not that, it's just this guy's trying to move in on my girlfriend\" replied Cody \"Wow...what a prick\" said the penguin \"So what're your names anyway? I'm Cody\" he introduced \"I'm Brodie\" said the tall penguin \"I'm his brother Isaac\" said the penguin who was as tall as Cody \"So anyways back to the story, if you don't mind can you tell us about this prick?\" asked Isaac \"Sure, he's my girlfriend's ex and...\" Cody got cut off \"Ooh, harsh bro that sucks\" said Brodie \"Yeah, that Van is such an intimidating prick\" added Cody Both Brodie and Isaac froze for a second when they heard the name \"Van\" \"Whoa, hold on...when you say Van, do you mean a penguin about taller than you, long blond hair and wears a seashell surfer necklace?\" asked Isaac \"Yeah why?\" asked Cody \"Dude you're intimidated by that loser?\" asked Brodie \"What do you mean?\" asked Cody confused \"Van couldn't even intimidate a child...he's all talk\" replied Isaac \"Yeah, we used to pick on that poser in school! All he did was talk...that and he can't surf!\" added Brodie \"Are you serious?\" exclaimed a shocked Cody \"Yup, he carries a board around to look cool\" replied Isaac \"That and he has five other girlfriends one of which is my sister...the two-timing bum!\" exclaimed Brodie \"Oh my God, listen if you guys can help me expose him...\" but before he could finish Cody got cut off \"There is nothing that would make us happier than seeing that little poser get what's coming to him!\" exclaimed Isaac \"Yeah, meet us later today OK? We'll get in contact with the girls and expose that little dork for the lying, deceitful scum he is!\" exclaimed Brodie \"Aw, guys thanks...I owe you big!\" exclaimed Cody \"No sweat bro, he was the biggest pain this side of Frio De Janeiro\" replied Isaac \" Van's going down \" Cody thought to himself [A WHILE LATER] \"Hey guys...I just remembered I gotta go do something I'll be a while\" said Cody \"May I ask what it is?\" asked Lani \"Something for the luau...you'll see\" replied Cody as he headed off Cody had headed off to meet Brodie and Isaac, he had met them by the shore and true to their words they were there with five of Van's current girlfriends, all of which had nice figure and long blond hair or red hair and one brunette; \"Cody, I'd like you to meet; Marina, Summer, Savannah, Roxy and my sister Skye\" said Brodie \"Alright where's the jerk?\" exclaimed Skye \"I'm gonna pound him\" added Marina \"He's dead!\" exclaimed Summer \"I'm gonna kill him!\" exclaimed Savannah \"He's so dreamy\" said Roxy The other girls gave her an angry glare; \"I-I mean I'm gonna take that surfer necklace and smash his skull in with it!\" exclaimed Roxy \"That's better...now where is he?\" exclaimed Skye \"Easy sis, wait till the luau tonight\" said Brodie trying calm his sister down \"Alright here's what we're gonna do\" said Cody as they all huddled together to devise the master plan. [BACK TO VAN AND LANI] \"I can't wait till the luau!\" exclaimed Van excitedly \"I know, I'm so giddy at the thought of hearing you sing\" chuckled Lani \"It's gonna be like when we first met\" replied Van \"I'm so glad I got back with you...I mean Cody was a great guy but you and I have history\" said Lani \"Heck yeah, you're my only one\" said Van as he gave Lani a kiss on her cheek [BACK TO CODY PLANNING VAN'S DOWNFALL] \"Alright so everyone knows what they're to do?\" asked Cody \"Heck yeah!\" exclaimed Skye \"You bet!\" exclaimed Savannah \"He's going down!\" added Summer \"This is gonna be good!\" chuckled Marina \"I so wanna kiss him again\" said Roxy still swooning over Van Again the girls gave her an angry stare; \"Oh...I mean, he's gonna get what's coming to him!\" Roxy nervously chuckled \"Alright, it's on...tonight Van is gonna perish!\" exclaimed Cody And with that being said the group went in the water to surf and kill time until the luau where Van's downfall was imminent! (A/N) Chapter 4 is done with...so is Van going down? Will Cody succeed? Will Lani break it off with Van? All will be answered in the final chapter![Chapter 5] The luau was just a mere hour away and Cody had everything he needed to see Van's downfall, he had Van's current girlfriends a two guys who think Van is the biggest prick on the planet! The plan was foolproof. \"I can't wait to see the look on his face when he sees us!\" exclaimed Marina \"He's gonna be so humiliated\" added Savannah \"I can't wait!\" squealed Skye \"We'll make him regret being born!\" exclaimed Summer \"His voice is so angelic\" said Roxy The other four girls were cross; \"You know he's the enemy right?\" exclaimed Savannah \"Um...of course\" said Roxy nervously \"Well then he's going down!\" exclaimed Summer \"Um...right! DOWN WITH VAN!\" exclaimed Roxy \"Much better\" added Skye [MEANWHILE] Van was prepping for the luau and Lani was watching; \"I can't wait to hear you sing\" said Lani \"I know, then after the luau maybe we could sit, have a [nonalcoholic] drink and maybe one thing could lead to another\" smiled Van Lani chuckled and shook her head in agreement as Van went back to practice with his band mates; \"Alright guys from the top\" said Van Van and his band resumed practice and unknown to Van he was about to be in a world of trouble. [BACK TO CODY AND EVERYONE] \"Well, the luau is in fifteen minutes we should head there\" said Cody \"Yep, that punk won't know what hit him!\" exclaimed Isaac \"Well...I don't want to see him too hurt\" said Roxy shyly This really ticked the other girls off; \"Roxy! Do you have coral where your brains should be? Van's a bastard!\" exclaimed Savannah \"Yeah, if he loved any of us don't you think he'd be with us?\" added Skye \"I agree, he deserves to be punished!\" added Summer \"What do you still see in him?\" asked Marina \"Well...I don't know, he told me himself he loved me\" replied Roxy \"He told that to all of us, he played us all for fools and now we're gonna expose him for the cheater he really is\" replied Marina \"Yeah, besides he's a loser and you deserve better\" added Savanna Roxy began to cry a little bit but she had her girlfriends there to cheer her up, and she was in with the plan! \"All right, well let's go\" said Brodie They all did so, the time was near...Van was going down! [THE LUAU] It was time for the luau, there was partying and dancing, eating and music! Van wasn't scheduled to go on stage for a half hour, so he figured he'd try and sweet talk Lani a little more; \"Just like old times\" said Van \"I know, I'm getting the chills!\" exclaimed Lani \"You? I feel as nervous as I did when we first met\" joked Van \"You'll be fine, besides I can't wait to hear that angelic voice\" replied Lani \"You always know how to make me feel good\" chuckled Van as he gave Lani a kiss \"So what song are you gonna sing first?\" asked Lani \"Kokomo is gonna be the main event\" replied Van \"Oh, you're singing it last?\" asked Lani \"Well yeah, I figure a special song for a special lady deserves to be hyped\" replied Van \"Oh Van, such a flatterer\" chuckled Lani [HALF AN HOUR LATER] \"Finally after a five year hiatus, they're back...give it up for Van and the Beach Heads!\" exclaimed the announcer \"Well, wish me luck\" said Van as he kissed Lani on the cheek, grabbed his guitar and headed on stage where his band mates awaited him \"Hey everybody...gosh five years go by quick, well...I've kept you waiting, so I got a little song for you!\" exclaimed Van as he began to sing \"Wouldn't It Be Nice?\" Lani was so excited to hear him sing...but little did Van know that Cody, Brodie, Isaac and his five current girlfriends were in the vicinity! \"He's up on stage\" said Cody as he noticed Van on stage \"Oh that voice...\" said Roxy but she got cut off by Skye \"Roxy, if you compliment him one more time so help me I will pound you into the sand with your board!\" exclaimed Skye \"I was gonna say his voice sounds like garbage, not how I remember it\" replied Roxy \"Much better\" replied Skye \"Alright so we all know what to do right? Once he finishes...\" but Cody got cut off by Savannah \"Cody, relax we have the plan down cold\" said Savannah \"Yeah, don't worry all you need to do is sit back and relax\" added Marina [BACK AT THE LUAU] Van had finished \"Wouldn't It Be Nice?\" and had finished singing \"Surfing USA\" now it was time for the big finale...\"Kokomo\" Van began to sing and it was just as Lani remembered it, and just as promised every time Van sang the line \"pretty mama\" he looked right at Lani. \" Still the dreamboat I remember \" Lani thought to herself Meanwhile...Savannah, Skye, Summer, Marina and Roxy were sneaking through the crowd to get backstage because after Van was done they were gonna expose him! Unknown to Van...his five girlfriends were about to ruin him for good! Well Van had finished the song and the girls had gotten on stage...when Van looked to his left and saw them, his jaw hit the ground! The whole crowd grew silent; \"Happy to see us baby ?\" said Skye sarcastically \" Baby? \" Lani thought to herself confused \"Yeah Van...didn't you miss us?\" added Savannah Lani was confused; \"Van...who are they?\" asked Lani \"Um...uh...nobody! Just friends!\" stuttered a panicky Van \"Oh really? So I was just your friend when you sang Kokomo to me last year?\" exclaimed Marina \"Or me five months ago?\" exclaimed Summer \"Or me last month?\" exclaimed Roxy Lani was getting angry at Van; \"Van! Wasn't Kokomo our song?\" exclaimed Lani Van stuttered on stage, he was nervous as all heck! \"Um...well...you see...I\" stuttered Van Lani had climbed up on stage to confront him; \"You know what? I thought you had changed, I thought you wanted me back! To think I broke it off with Cody just to be with you...I regret that decision and Van as far as I'm concerned, you and I...ARE THROUGH!\" exclaimed Lani as she slapped Van across his face in front of a whole crowd...who got a kick out of Van's humiliation! Cody, Brodie and Isaac had approached the stage and Lani noticed Cody; \"Cody! I was a fool...could you ever forgive me?\" pleaded Lani \"You know it\" replied Cody as him and Lani shared a kiss \"Oh V-a-a-a-a-n!\" taunted his five current girlfriends \"Oh crud!\" Van exclaimed as he ran off in humiliation \"THIS AIN'T OVER!\" exclaimed Van running off the stage with the girls in hot pursuit! THE END! (A/N) Well looks like Van got his comeuppance after all and Cody and Lani are back together! But what did Van mean by...\"This ain't over\"? I wonder! Also \"Kokomo\" \"Wouldn't It Be Nice?\" and \"Surfing USA\" are all songs owned by the Beach Boys...the only things I own in this story are; Van, Brodie, Isaac, Skye, Savannah, Summer, Marina and Roxy! Well thanks for reading and I hope you review it...you rock! ","Summary":" What's better than a little surf, sun and sand? In Cody Maverick's book...nothing! Today however wa"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Holding Out For A Hero","Author":"xo.kisses","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8583068","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, hes got to be sure, and it gotta be soon, and he's to to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Authors note: Co-written with Sheba16 who is also a HUGE Tom Hardy fan. We've decided to start this off in first person but it can change depending on the reception it gets. Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter One: Them Bondurant Boys \" You ever think 'bout leavin' here?\" I looked over at my best friend Jack Bondurant as we laid on our backs in the cool shade of the willow trees on a hot summer day in Franklin County. \"Maybe. I'd like to see the big city one day. My aunty Edith moved to Chicago, said Franklin County was too small for her. I'll go visit her one day when I'm older Mama says\". \"Can I come?\" Jack asked. I thought about it for a moment. \"Sure Jack. You're my best friend, well you and Cricket. I won't leave you behind\" and in my 10 year old mind, that was as true as a statement as ever. Jack grinned. \"We'll get married there and live in a big ole house\". I scrunched my nose up. \"I don't want to marry you Jack!\" He frowned. \"Why not?\" \"Cuz, I'm going to marry someone else\". Jack sat up and looked down at me. \"Oh yeah who? Cuz I'll fight him and show you I'm stronger!\" \"Oh really?\" I sat up now challenging him. \"It's Forrest\" I turned red as a tomato. \"Forrest? My brother Forrest?\" Jack was shocked. \"Yeah what other Forrest do we know!?\" I was mighty embarassed now. \"But Forrest is old\" Jack was absent-mindly playing with a piece of grass now. \"He's only 7 years older than us\" I stated matter-of-factly. \"Ella Bowie married Gene Rogers and he's 10 years older than her\". \"But you're my girlfriend\". \"Jack Bondurant stop sayin' that! I ain't your girlfriend. We never even kissed!\" Before I knew it Jack's lips were against mine. If this is how kissing felt, I didn't want to do it again. Jack bumped my nose painfully and it felt like he was biting my lips off. After a moment I pushed him away in embarassment and anger. \"That was terrible Jack! I never want to kiss you again. My cousin May said that a girls first kiss is important and special and you went and ruined that. I wanted Forrest to kiss me, not you!\" I jumped up. \"I never want to see you again Jack Bondurant!\" and with that I turned and ran home. If only I knew that that would be the last time I'd see Jack or Franklin County for 7 years. xxx Franklin County hadn't changed one bit, and I was mighty glad of it. I hadn't been home in 7 long years. Mama and Papa had sent me to Chicago. They said I could get a better education and it was safer. I didn't even get to say good-bye to my friends Jack and Cricket and I was pretty upset about it as I had told Jack I wouldn't leave him and then said I never wanted to see him again. But Mama held firm and told me I was leaving that night. Aunty Edith and her husband Hal were on their way from Chicago to come get me. Adjusting to Chicago took a bit. The streets were crowded, there were lots of cars and people weren't as friendly as they were in a little town. I went to an all girl school where they taught me 'how to be a lady'. I rebelled against it at first as I was a country girl. I played in the dirt with boys, ran around bare foot and ate with my hands whenever my mama wasn't watching. But the headmistress, a mean old lady by the name of Mrs. Clause 'beat the country outta me'. Whenever I did something bad she'd smack my hands with the ruler. I quickly learned to bite my tongue and little by little I started to become a lady. I barely recognized myself when I looked in the mirror now. I was a young woman of 17 years of age who dressed prim and proper and had manners. Mama would be so proud. Aunt Edith and Uncle Hal stopped the old Dodge they drove in front of the feed store. It was my grandpa's store before he died and then he left it to my daddy. It got a lot of business and as my pa said, provided us with a good living. Aunt Edith declined to get out and say hi. She didn't like my daddy much, said he took her sister away from her whatever that meant. I thanked them and said I'd write before turning and running into the store. I heard Aunt Edith yelling at me that a lady don't run. But I could care less, I hadn't seen my daddy much in those 7 years, and I missed him. From the last letter my mama wrote me, daddy had hurt his back when he was loading the delivery truck. He was using a cane to shuffle around the shop when I entered. \"What's a young man like you doin' using a cane?\" I smiled. Daddy turned around and his face lite up. \"My little girl is finally home\". I ran and hugged him and asked if he was okay. \"Yeah, doc said I pulled a muscle or something. Says I'll be as good as new in a few weeks. 'Til then, how about you help around here?\" I grabbed a broom. \"I'd be happy to\". Daddy decided to close the store early so we could go home and see mama. My thoughts kept wondering to Jack and Cricket. I wondered how they were. I promised myself I'd get my nerve up to go and see them tomorrow. Maybe I'd even see Forrest. As my thoughts turned to the middle Bondurant boy I got a warm, fuzzy feeling. Sure there were some good-looking boys in Chicago, but none of them compared to Forrest. Mama was happy I was home and even happier that I was wearing a dress. I helped her with dinner and we chatted about my time in Chicago. \"I wanted to give you a better chance at getting out of here\" mama said. \"Edith was on my back about smootherin' you and not givin' you a chance at a good life. I just wanted the best for you\". \"It's okay Mama, I understand. And I liked Chicago, but I love Franklin County\". xxx The next day I wanted to head to the filling station to see the boys but daddy asked me to help him at the store. Luckily for me Cricket Pate stopped by. I was sweeping the floors when the bell above the door rang. I turned and saw Cricket ambling in with his crazy legs. He stopped, his blue eyes widening when he saw me. \"Uh that you Val?\" he stuffed his hands into his overalls. \"Yeah it's me. How you been Cricket?\" he shuffled over to the counter where the candy was as he eyed the sweets. \"Been okay\". \"How's Jack?\" \"He s'okay too\". I lifted the lid off the jar. \"You want some sweets Cricket?\" \"Can I?\" his face lit up. \"Of course you can\". He grabbed a few gumballs and a lollipop and put them in his pocket. \"Thanks\" then he looked around the shop. \"I need some oil\". \"Over there\" I pointed to the crates where we kept the oil. Cricket shuffled over to the oil as I rung him up. I only charged him for the oil. \"Say hi to Jack for me okay?\" I told him as I walked him to the door. \"Uh huh\". I wondered if and when I'd see Jack. Was he mad? Did he still want to be friends? I didn't have to wait long though to get an answer. A hour later the door was banged open and I whipped around. The smile that appeared on my face threatened to rip it in two. \"Hello Jack Bondurant\". \"Don't you hello Jack Bondurant me. Where the hell have you been Val O'Rourke?\" \"Chicago. Guess we've got some catchin' up to do\". Hopefully you guys enjoyed the first chapter and would like to read more. We've already got two chapters outlined. If there are any concerns we'd be happy to hear them along with any kind words :) The next chapter will be up in a few days. Please review, we love them![Chapter 2] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, hes got to be sure, and it gotta be soon, and he's to to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter two: Catchin' Up Jack's glare was full of fire as he took his hat off and wrung it in his hands- he did it when he was angry or nervous. \"You just up and left\" he accused. \"I know but I didn't have a choice. I got home and Mama said I was going to Chicago for awhile\" I shrugged. \"You coulda let me know!\" \"I wanted to stop by but my Aunty Edith said we were on a tight schedule. I'm sorry Jack\". \"Well I was pretty mad at you\" he stopped wringing his hat out. \"I was mad at you too\". He laughed and his cheeks turned a dark shade of red. \"Yeah guess we didn't leave on the best of terms. Say, why don't you come by the station after work? Me, you and Cricket can catch up\". \"Sure that sounds nice\". \"Okay\" Jack turned and headed to the door then he stopped and turned back around. \"By the way, nice dress\" he grinned at me cheekily. \"Get out of here Jack Bondurant!\" I playfully shooed him out. It was a little after 1 when daddy asked me to make a delivery to the Bondurant filling station. \"We got a few basket of apples for the Bondurant boys. Jack was suppose to come by and pick them up today, guess he got caught up\". I shook my head. Trust Jack to forget what he probably came to the store for in the first place. \"It's okay daddy, I can take them up there. I was hoping I could visit with them anyways\". \"Just don't be out too late. I can mind the store for the rest of the day anyways\". \"Thanks daddy. See you at home\". xxx The old Ford truck bounced and swayed on the bumpy dirt road making my stomach hurt more than it already did. Along with seeing Jack and Cricket, I'd see Forrest. I wondered if he was still handsome or if he was married. Not that it mattered because I was sure Forrest only saw me as Jack's friend but I was going to change that. I wore dresses and actually looked like a lady now. Mama and Aunt Edith said I was a pretty girl and I was hoping Forrest would think so too. I chided myself all the way up there for still having a crush on Forrest, but I just couldn't shake it. When I pulled up to the station Cricket was outside working on an old Buick. He waved his wrench at me when I climbed out of the truck. The screen door banged open and Jack came bounding over. \"You forget something\" I told him walking to the back of the trunk where 6 large baskets full of red apples sat. \"Yeah Forrest was just on my case 'bout that\" Jack grinned sheepishly as I began pulling the baskets off the bed. \"Why do you need so many apples?\" I asked. \"Oh ah, Forrest likes apples\" Jack mumbled. I raised a brow. I always knew when Jack was lying but I didn't push it further because I figured he'd tell me the truth when he was ready. \"You uh, just gonna stand there and let the young lady get all them baskets out herself?\" Immediately I felt the heat creep to my cheeks and I got that funny feeling like butterflies were flying around in my stomach at the sound of that voice. Forrest Bondurant was standing on the porch watching me and Jack. Jack leapt into action and pulled the last two baskets off the truck bed as I smoothed out my dress trying to be as presentable as possible. \"Val ain't no lady\" he quipped dropping the baskets on the ground. I hauled off and landed a punch on Jack's arm as my face reddened even more. \"Val O' Rourke?\" Forrest squinted his eyes as if trying to get a good look at me. \"Hi Forrest\" I found my voice. \"Er didn't recognize you\". \"Probably cause she's wearing a dress and her face ain't dirty\" Jack smirked. I wanted to punch him again but I figured that wasn't very lady-like. \"That's no way to talk 'bout a lady\" Forrest said. I felt light-headed and dizzy in a good way. Well he acknowledged I was a lady, that was a step in the right direction. \"I hope I don't have to peel all them apples\" a feminine voice floated out as a finely dressed woman stepped onto the porch. Immediately I felt a bitter taste in my mouth. She definitely wasn't from around here and she was standing awfully close to Forrest. He stepped away from her I noticed with some satisfaction. Forrest grunted. \"You and Cricket go put them in the storage shed\" he turned and headed back into the station. \"Go on and get a drink. I'll be in in a minute\" Jack told me as Cricket came over and they began to lift the basket of apples and carry them to the shed. The woman was eyeing me as I approached the porch. \"Nice dress\" she said as I passed her. \"Thanks\" I said before entering the station. I took a seat at the counter and the woman followed me in. She got behind the counter and poured me a glass of water. So she worked here which meant she spent a lot of time here. But it didn't seem like she was with Forrest. \"So you're friends with Jack?\" \"Yupp. Ever since we were kids\" I took a sip of the water and wished Jack would hurry up. For some reason, something about this lady rubbed me the wrong way. She lit up a smoke and turned away from me busying herself with wiping the counter down behind her. I heard heavy footsteps behind me and turned to see Forrest shuffling across the floor toward me. \"Here's uh, the money for them apples\" he handed me a few bills. \"Thanks\" I went to take the money from him. Our fingers brushed against each other and I almost had a heart attack as I felt a shock surge through my body. Forrest quickly let go of the money, grunted something incoherent and shuffled away into the back. When I turned back around the woman was giving me a funny look. Luckily Cricket and Jack burst into the room and her attention was drawn to them. \"Calm down boys\" she scolded them. \"You sound like a bunch of wild animals\". \"Sorry Maggie\" Jack said. He grabbed my hand. Unlike when I touched Forrest, there was nothing there. \"Let's go\" he tugged me off the stool. \"Where are we going?\" I asked as he pulled me toward the door. \"You'll see\". We got into the Bondurants truck and Jack drove us to the back roads. He stopped the truck on a dirt lane and we got out a few minutes later. \"Where are we?\" I asked. \"You'll see\". They led me through a bunch of bush before we came to a huge hill shape covered with branches and weeds. It looked like it was hiding something. Jack felt around for something on the huge mound. A door I realized when I heard the creak and the mound opened. We stepped in and I was shocked to find we were standing in a large barn like structure. \"What is this place?\" I asked looking around at the large barrels and huge metal things that were brewing something sickly sweet. I noticed a bunch of apples were piled in the corner. \"A distillery\" Jack said proudly. My eyes went wide. \"Isn't that illegal?\" alcohol had been banished for a few years now. People who made the stuff and sold it were bootleggers, trust the Bondurant boys to have a hand in illegal activities. \"Moonshine\" Cricket said holding up a jar of clear liquid. He took the lid off and took a sip. His face contorted, must have tasted awful. \"Want some?\" he asked. \"No it's okay\" I smiled at him. \"Guess I know what the apples are for now\" I said pointing to the corner. \"Yeah for our famous apple brandy\" Jack was grinning ear-to-ear. \"But this is all illegal\" I said. \"Well yeah. But everyone's drinking the stuff. Hell even your daddy. That's why he makes sure we get the best apples\". \"But can't he get in trouble?\" \"Well only if he gets caught with the stuff. But no one around here cares 'cause everyone's drinking it. Even Sheriff Hodges\". \"Well as long as he doesn't get in trouble\". \"Relax. Did Chicago turn ya soft?\" Jack laughed. \"Nope. Made me stronger\" I grabbed his arm and twisted it behind his back as Cricket laughed and jumped around. The door was then kicked in causing us all to jump in fright. A man stumbled in. \"What the hell you doin' 'ere?\" he slurred his words. Jack relaxed a bit more. \"It's okay Howard we were just showing are friend Val here the distillery\". \"This ain't no place for a lady. Get the hell outta here or I'll tell Forrest you was in 'ere\". I would have smiled that Howard noticed I was a lady but he was tall and scary. I had never met the eldest Bondurant as he was away fighting in the war when we were younger. \"He won't care\" Jack said. Howard threw the jar of moonshine he was clutching at the floor causing it to smash into pieces. \"I said; get the hell out of 'ere\". \"Let's go Jack\" Cricket mumbled tugging on Jack's sleeve. \"Go have another drink\" Jack spat at his older brother before taking me by the arm and pulling me out. I hadn't notice I was holding my breath. \"Well that was interesting\" I said. \"Sorry 'bout him. He hasn't been right since he got back from the war\". \"It's understandable\" I shrugged. Jack peered hard at me. \"You've changed some Val\". \"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?\" I smirked. Jack shrugged his shoulders. \"Ain't too sure yet\" he grabbed my wrist. \"Come on we've still got some catchin' up to do\". We are very pleased with the amount of reviews and the adds to favourite author and story. Please keep it up! We are trying are damnest to keep the characters in character but it's hard to write Forrest especially trying to put his charming grunting in there. The next chapter will be up within the next couple of days. We're rewriting some things and tweaking and trying to keep it interesting at the same time. Please be kind and review![Chapter 3] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter three: Friends and Enemies Spending more time with Jack and Cricket at the filling station, I learned more about the bootlegging business. Well as much as Jack knew which wasn't too much as Forrest and Howard tried to keep their younger brother out of it. \"They needa give me more responsibility\" Jack was whining to Cricket and me as we fished in the river that cut through the Bondurant land. Cricket and I exchanged looks then laughed. \"You're the least responsible person I know Jack\" I told him. \"Yeah Jack\" Cricket agreed. Jack gave us a dirty look. \"Oh yeah? Name one time when I wasn't responsible\". \"Well for starters that first time when I got back from Chicago and you were suppose to pick up the apples? Oh and I imagine you're suppose to be at the filling station today instead of fishing but here you are\". Jack stuck out his lip in a pout. \"Not like I do anything around there anyways\". \"Because you run off. Go prove yourself to your brothers\" I took my rod out of the water and placed it on the bank. \"This is boring. I'm going to head to the store and see if daddy needs help. I'll see you boys later\" I stood and made my way out of the wooded area. I stopped at home to pick up some lunch for daddy. Mama had made a sandwich and fresh lemonade for him. She told me to come back later, she was making a pie for the Bondurants. Daddy was stocking some shelves when I entered the shop. \"I brought you some lunch\" I told him. He shuffled over. His back was getting better, he was using his cane less. He gave me half and we talked a little before the bell above the door rang signaling a customer had entered. I looked up and noticed a sharply dressed man enter. His hair was slicked back and he wore a sneer on his face. I could tell this guy was bad news. \"Good day sir\" my father greeted him. \"Afternoon. Are you Mr. Dale O'Rourke?\" \"Yes I am. How can I help you?\" \"I'm Special-Deputy Charley Rakes from Chicago. I'm here investigating some illegal businesses\". \"Well I can assure you sir, my business is legal\". Charley Rakes eyed me before turning his gaze back to my dad. \"You're the only store for miles around is that true?\" he took out a note pad and a pen and began to jot stuff down. \"Yes sir\". \"And you carry everything a small town would need to function\". \"Well mostly everything\". \"Then it's safe to say that you supply the bootleggers with their ingredients and materials to make their moonshine\". Daddy's eyes went big and I felt my mouth go dry. \"That's not true!\" I said. My dad hushed me and Charley Rakes gave me a dirty look. \"In my house, a woman is only allowed to speak when spoken too\". \"Yes well we're not in your house are we\" I said back. I felt my dad's hand on my shoulder, he gripped it warning me to keep my mouth shut. \"I'm not aware of any bootlegging around here Mr. Rakes. I just concern myself with my business. What people use my merchandise for is their business. All I know is my business is legal. Now if you don't need anything else, I'd like to get back to my lunch\" daddy said. Charley Rakes snapped the note pad shut and put the pen back in his shirt pocket. \"I'll be cracking down on everyone who even takes a sniff of moonshine. So you best hope your business is as legal as you say. I assure you this won't be the last time you see me\". He turned and headed for the door. He paused and turned back to us. \"And if I were you, I'd teach your daughter to keep her mouth shut. Wouldn't want that pretty face of hers to get banged up\". Once he was gone I let out the breath I'd been holding. \"Valerie! You must watch who you speak to like that\" daddy scolded me as he picked his sandwich back up. I had lost my appetite now. Jack had said that nobody in Franklin County cared about the moonshine but now this Special-Deputy was in town and I knew he was going to stir up somethings. He reminded me of a snake. Charley Rakes was going to become an enemy of mine and everyone in Franklin County. \"Best go on home now and help your mama with dinner\" he dismissed me. xxx I tried to help mama in the kitchen but my mind kept straying to Charley Rakes. I was preoccupied and instead of helping I was just getting in the way. I had already broken more eggs than needed and mama had had enough. \"Go on and bring this pie to the Bondurant's\" she handed me a fresh apple pie. I didn't need to be told twice. I needed to warn the Bondurant's about Charley Rakes before he could introduce himself. However it seemed I was too late. I had pulled the truck up to the filling station just as Charley Rakes and the deputies were leaving. He pointed a finger at me then pressed it to his lips as the car passed me. I wanted to spit my tongue out at him but I fought the urge and instead glared at him. \"I take it you've met?\" Jack asked as I approached the Bondurant's, Cricket and Maggie. \"Yes, he was at the store earlier threatening daddy and me\" I said. \"I brought pie\" I wanted to break the tension, I was unsuccessful. \"What you mean he threatened you?\" Forrest grunted. My cheeks darkened. \"He just said I should keep my mouth shut\". Forrest's look darkened and Jack hissed under his breath. \"I'll kill him\" Howard said, I noticed he wasn't drunk today. \"That pie smells delicious, come on and let's have a piece\" Maggie tried to break the tension by taking the pie from me. She was successful. Cricket jumped up on his feet and was the first one in the station. Jack grabbed my arm. \"Don't worry we won't let anythin' happen to you. Right Forrest?\" Forrest was watching us with burning gray eyes I looked at him shyly. \"Urm\" he nodded and grunted before shuffling into the station. xxx The sun was starting to sink when I decided to head home for supper. I left Jack, Cricket and Howard at one of the tables playing a heated game of poker. Maggie was serving some men who had come to town looking for work and so I managed to slip out unnoticed. At least I thought I did. I was heading down the porch when Forrests voice came from behind. I spun around to see him sitting in the rocking chair on the porch smoking a cigarette. \"Ain't safe for you to be wonderin' 'round at night\". \"I'm not afraid\" I snorted. \"Never said anythin' 'bout being afraid. Just said it ain't safe\" he stood now. \"I'm only walking to the truck. It's right over there\" I said but Forrest was now stepping off the porch. \"Can't be too careful\" he grunted and stepped past me. He was going to walk me to the truck. I felt giddy inside as I caught his scent of smoke, tobacco, and an earthy, musky scent. I felt lightheaded but told myself to hold it together. I followed slightly behind him as we walked over to the truck. I opened the door and he grabbed it from me and stopped me from getting in. \"If that deputy gives you or your daddy any problems. You let me know and I'll deal with 'em\". \"Don't go looking for trouble Forrest. It's best if we all stay away from Charley Rakes\". \"I'm a Bondurant. Trouble always finds us\" I could see his lips forming a smile. I had to climb into the truck before my legs gave away. I hadn't seen Forrest smile before. \"Just be careful\" I told him. \"Goodnight Forrest\". He grunted, closed the door and nodded his head at me. My heart was in doing somersaults in my chest all the way home. When I got home I noticed another car was parked in front of the house. At first I feared it was Charley Rakes but I heard laughter coming from the open windows and figured it was friend rather than enemy. Preacher Minnix, his wife and their daughter Bertha were sitting at the table when I entered. \"And finally my daughter is home. Spends all her time with those Bondurant boys\" my mama rolled her eyes good-naturedly as she waved me into the room. She made me sit. \"I heard those boys were bad news\" Mrs. Minnix said. \"They ain't\" I defened them hotly. \"They don't come to church\" she stated matter-of-factly. \"It doesn't make them bad mama\" Bertha Minnix spoke up. I saw her cheeks were tinted red. \"No they're good boys. Helped me out at the store when my back gave out\" daddy said. Mrs. Minnix opened her mouth to say something but mama interupted with a fresh apple pie. \"Who wants some?\" she asked. I declined as I had some at the filling station. \"I think I'll take some lemonade out on the porch. Want to come?\" I asked Bertha. \"Yes, can I?\" she asked her parents. They nodded and I grabbed a jug before going outside. We sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes. I wasn't sure of what to say. I hadn't much experience with girls my age. It was Bertha who broke the silence first. \"So you're friends with Jack Bondurant?\" \"Yeah. He's my best friend since we were little. You know him?\" \"I know of him\" she smiled coyly. \"Is it true what they say? About them being immortal?\" I laughed. \"Well if you asked Jack he'd say yeah. But I'm not sure if that's even possible\". \"I guess that's true...so are you seeing him?\" \"Oh god no. Opps I mean, gosh no\" I remembered I was in the presence of the preachers daughter after all. \"He's just my best friend. Why?\" She shrugged her thin shoulders and sipped her lemonade. We didn't say another thing to each other that night. I didn't know it then, but Bertha Minnix was going to become one of my best friends. Thank you to all those who have taken the time to add this story to their alerts and favourites and to those who are reviewing. Keep it up! Perhaps we could get more reviews for this chapter?[Chapter 4] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Authors note: Sorry about the loooong way but I unfortunately have a life outside of writing. As they say though, \"good things come to those who wait\". I tried writing and posting this several times on the site but then it kept crashing and it was very frustrating so I gave up for awhile. But as you are reading this, I have finally succeeded in posting it. Chapter Four: Dancing With Myself \"My daddy's banned me from seeing Jack\" Bertha mentioned as we sat on my porch the last day of Summer sipping lemonade. I laughed. \"Do you blame him? He did show up to the church drunk as a skunk then bolted a few minutes later!\" \"I was sick!\" Jack had protested whenever anyone took a jab at him. To make it an even funnier story, the preacher personally delivered the boot Jack had left behind to Forrest. His brothers weren't ever going to forget that story, and neither would I. Lately I had been spending a lot of time with Bertha. It was nice to have a girl to talk to. She'd even come to the feed store and keep me company when Daddy's back was bugging him. He had stopped using the cane but the doctor said it wouldn't be the same so I was at the feed store a lot now. Speaking of the feed store, I had my own embarrassing moment there a few days ago which unfortunately, Bertha was there to witness. We had just gotten in a new shipment of dresses. A pretty pale blue cotton one had caught my eye. So to entertain Bertha and I, I pressed it to my body and began to waltz around the store pretending I was dancing with a handsome partner (Forrest). Neither one of us heard the bell ring above the door signalling a customer as it was a hot day so we had propped the door open to let some air in. I heard someone clear their throat and I stopped and turned to see Forrest standing there. Today he looked exceptionally handsome as his shirt had a few buttons unbuttoned to reveal an expansive, muscled chest with a light dusting of hair, his shirt sleeves were rolled up to the elbows. I felt my face heat up as a small smile tugged at his lips. Bertha was trying to stifle her giggles as she sat on the counter drinking a cream soda. \"Uh, hi Forrest\" I managed to squeak out. \"Can I help you with something?\" He scratched his cheek thoughtfully, contemplating his words. His eyes flitted over to Bertha than back to me. \"I uh, got somethin' for your old man in my truck\" he grunted. I knew what he meant; moonshine. Daddy said it was the only thing that made his back stop hurting. Bertha was still in the dark about the whole moonshine business and I liked to keep it that way or else her daddy might stop her from hanging out with me. \"Bertha can you watch the store for a minute?\" \"Yes\" she winked at me. I put the dress down, smoothed it out lovingly before turning and following Forrest's shuffling gait out to his truck as my face still burned red. \"That your new dress?\" he asked as he opened the door of his truck. I'm sure I turned three shades darker as he chuckled. \"It's a uh nice dress\" he said. \"It's too expensive for me, but some girl will be mighty lucky to get it\" I said. \"Didn't know you could dance\" he said reaching in and pulling out a wrapped up bottle from underneath the seat. \"Learned in Chicago\" I reached for the bottle, once again our fingers brushed. The same feeling as before coursed through my body. It felt like fire was running through my veins. Forrest leaned closer and I could smell tobacco, sweat, and a musky earthy scent. \"You okay?\" Forrest whispered in my ear. I could only manage to shake my head as I pulled away from him, clutching the bottle in shaky fingers. I was such a moron! Forrest looked unaffected, mind you he was grinning so I assumed he knew he had some effect on me. \"Thanks\" I said indicating the bottle. He just nodded his head. \"Best get goin\". I quickly turned and ran back into the store. Bertha took one look at me and burst out laughing. \"You should see your face!\" Xoxo \"Earth to Val?\" Bertha was snapping her fingers in my face. \"Sorry what?\" I was strolling down memory lane and guess I had zoned out. \"I asked if you could take me home now. I promised mama I'd help her make lunch\". \"Sure\" we stood up and went down to the truck. \"What were you thinking of?\" she asked as we got in. \"Nothing\" I lied. \"Forrest?\" she grinned. My pink cheeks gave it away. \"You have got it bad\". \"Do not!\" I swatted at her playfully as we headed down the road. After dropping Bertha off I decided I'd drop by to see Jack and Cricket…and maybe Forrest. I had just turned down the road about a mile from the filling station when I noticed a familiar figure staggering down the side of the road. \"Jack Bondurant have you been drinking again?\" I said out loud to myself as I pulled up beside him. \"Jack you drunk?\" I asked. He turned and hid his face and shook his head. \"You sure? You're acting funny. Get in I'll give you a ride\". He just shook his head again. \"Jack what gives!?\" Then he turned to face me. I could feel the blood drain from my face as I saw his. His mouth and nose were bleeding and his one eye was bloodied, bruises were forming all over his face, I noticed a few tears roll down his cheeks. \"Oh my god Jack!\" I threw the truck in park and jumped out. \"What happened?\" I asked. \"Charlie Rakes\" he mumbled through his busted up mouth. His lips were swelling now. \"Oh god, I got to get you home, get in\" I opened the passenger side door and ushered him inside. \"Forrest is going to lose it\" I thought as I sped down the road. The screeching tires alerted Forrest, Maggie and even Howard that something was up as I slammed on the brakes. \"What gives?\" Howard barked as he banged open the door. Jack climbed slowly out of the truck and I heard Howard cuss. \"What the hell happened?\" he demanded from Jack but he just pushed past him into the station. \"Charlie Rakes happened\" I told Howard as I followed Jack in. Howard was close at my heels demanding answers. Forrest remained stoic as Maggie rushed around getting warm water and a cloth to clean up Jack's face as he tried to fight off the tears. \"I'm going to kill him\" Howard paced back and forth as I took the cloth from Maggie and began to dab at Jack's face as tears spilled down his cheeks. Maggie looked like she was about to cry and turned away. I fought hard to keep from crying. It killed me to see Jack in pain and upset but I had to stay strong for him. Once he was all cleaned up he managed to get the story out. Charlie and the deputies were raiding Crickets house when Jack stopped by. Charlie decided to make an example out of Jack and send a message to the bootleggers. \"He has no guts. He wouldn't have done this to us\" Howard growled as he guzzled down bottles of moonshine. \"Here it is. As long as you're my brother, you won't let this happen again you understand?-\" Forrest spoke up \"I didn't-\" Jack tried to cut in. \"I don't think you do\". \"What if I can't? I've not been like Howard and I've not been like you\". \"It's alright. Jack, it is not the violence that sets man apart, alright? It is the distance that he is prepared to go. Jack look at me, we are survivors, we control the fear\". He seemed cold but I figured that it was just how Forrest was dealing with it. Jack didn't say anything more but headed upstairs to bed. I sighed and eyed the bloodied cloth with disgust. Forrest knocked it into the bowl of water and indicated Maggie to take it away. Howard had staggered out after Jack headed to bed leaving just Forrest and I. I sat hunched over fighting back the tears that now threatened to fall as fear slowly set in. I felt Forrest's warm body slide into the chair beside me. I didn't look at him; instead I kept my eyes trained on the ground. \"It's okay\" Forrest mumbled. My resolve crumpled and I began to sob. To my surprise, Forrest draped his arm around me and pulled me against his chest. I inhaled his intoxicating scent as he buried his face into my hair and mumbled that he wouldn't let anything like that happen to me. Soon my tears stopped but still Forrest held me which was fine by me. I was about to press closer against him when someone cleared their throat. We turned to see Maggie standing in the door way watching us. Slowly Forrest pulled away from me and I slunk down from the loss of contact. \"Headin' out?\" he asked Maggie. I could tell from the look on her face that she was hurt. I figured she had feelings for Forrest too but he was probably as oblivious of them as he was of mine. \"Yes\" her tone was clipped as she hurried to the door past us. Forrest stood and watched her leave, his face remained impassive. \"I think I should head home too\" I said softly. \"I'll take you\" he turned to look at me. The ride to my home was quiet. I wanted to reach out and hold Forrest's hand but I didn't want to over-step the boundaries. Maybe that was a one time thing? \"I'm gonna talk to your daddy, just let him know what's goin' on\" Forrest said when we stopped in front of my home. I just nodded as I was beginning to feel tired. \"You okay?\" he asked, concerned which made me smile a little. \"Yes, thanks Forrest\". I greeted my parents then headed off to bed as I didn't want them fussing over me. A few minutes later I heard Forrest's truck speed away and my bedroom door flew open. Mama was here to fuss over me. I told her I was okay and just wanted to sleep. She stayed with me until I nodded off, a small smile on my face as I thought about being wrapped in Forrest's arms. Xoxo Hope this chapter has kind of made up for the lack of updating. I used some dialogue between Forrest and Jack but that won't happen often. It was luck that I found that clip on Youtube. I also won't be following the story exactly as is because I can't remember every little detail, but don't let that deter you from reading and reviewing! I am tweaking the next chapter and it should be up in the next few days.[Chapter 5] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter Five: Growing Up Summer was slowly creeping away in Franklin County and Fall was slipping in. The leaves began to change to rustic reds, burning oranges, and bright yellows. It had been three weeks since Charlie Rakes had attacked Jack, whose face was almost healed save for a small yellow spot on his cheek where a bruise was healing. From what I heard, Forrest was trying to get the other bootleggers to stand up to Charlie Rakes but he wasn't having any luck because Charlie had them running scared. I was trying not to think about Charlie Rakes too much, luckily for me and the town, we had something to look forward to. Every year my family would have a gathering to celebrate the fall and reminisce about the year and the good and bad times, then have a laugh, fill our bellies with food, and celebrate with good friends in hopes that the coming year would be better.. Just as the first light of dawn cracked through the sky I heard the voices of the women downstairs. It was a tradition for them to gather together and cook and bake. Many of them were women my mama had grown up with. I heard their laughter and the clanging and banging of pots as they worked shoulder to shoulder creating various stews, soups, breads, meat dishes, and desserts like tarts, cakes and pies. There was a knock at my door just as the sun was rising over our land. \"Are you decent?\" I heard daddy's gruff voice. \"Yes\" I was still in the warm confines of my bed. He poked his head. \"Can you watch the store for a few hours? You can close it early but some people were asking if we were going to be open today so they could grab a few last minute things for tonight\". \"Sure\". \"And it gets you outta the house so your mama won't rope you into cooking\" he winked. We laughed and then he headed away to greet the men that would be arriving to set up the tables, chairs, and large bonfire that had become a tradition. I went to my dresser and pulled out the beautiful dress I'd be wearing tonight. It was one from Chicago that Aunty Edith had bought for me. It was a dark red with long sleeves that flowed out, a body hugging bodice, and a flowing skirt. I was going to get Forrest's attention tonight. After the whole Jack incident when Forrest had comforted me, he had become really distant and so I began avoiding the filling station which also meant seeing less of Jack and Cricket. I had begun to see less of Bertha too, I had a feeling she was spending time with Jack. I put on the dress and began spinning around my room as the skirt flew out around me. That's when mama walked in. \"Absolutely not\" she chided me as she took one look at the dress. \"But mama, Aunty Edith bought this for me. She said red is my colour\". Mama had an expression on her face like she had just eaten some sour grapes. \"Red is an unsavoury colour\". I pouted, she just raised her eyebrows at me just as daddy walked by on his way from washing up for breakfast. He stopped, \"why do I sense some tension between the two women I love the most?\" \"Mama hates my dress\" I said. \"I do not I just think…I just-\" \"-she thinks you look too grown up\" daddy answered for her. I sighed. \"Well I can't stop from growing up\". \"I know\" mama looked down at the ground. \"It is a beautiful dress\" she finally said. \"As tonight is your first gathering since getting back from Chicago, we will allow you to wear it. But you best be staying far away from the boys\" daddy tried to be serious, but then he smiled after. He draped his arm around my mama's shoulder. \"Come on let her get changed, she's due at the store, and I am due for some of your delicious breakfast biscuits\" he wiggled his dark eyebrows earning a small smile from my mama. Once I was dressed I headed downstairs where the kitchen was crowded with women of all ages. They called out greetings to me which I returned. Mama handed me a napkin wrapped around some breakfast biscuits as I headed outside where the men who had stopped by to help daddy set up were sitting together at a table eating breakfast. Forrest was sitting across from my daddy beside Jack who smiled at me, his mouth full of breakfast. I laughed at him as I waved good-bye to daddy, my eyes locking briefly with Forrest's before he looked away. Well tonight that's gonna change I thought grinning to myself as I stepped up into the truck and headed to the store. Daddy said to close the shop after lunch so Bertha and I could have enough time to get home, washed up, and ready for tonight. Preacher Minnix said Bertha could come tonight if she stayed far away from 'that Bondurant boy' as he put it. Both Bertha and I assured him that she'd stay away from Jack…but we never promised anything about Jack staying away from her. The Preacher was going to drop her off at the store after she had finished her chores and so I was left to watch the store alone. Unfortunately Charlie Rakes decided to stop by. I was standing behind the counter counting the change as I was bored. Only a few people had stopped by when the bell clanged and I looked up to see him coming in. Fear gripped me but I refused to let it show. \"Afternoon\" he greeted wearing his greasy smirk. \"What do you want?\" I snapped. \"Your attitude isn't very pleasant\". \"Yes well neither are you\". He laughed then fixed his cold, black eyes on me. \"I came to inquire as to wear my invitation is for your little gathering tonight\". \"Clearly you're not invited\". \"Then perhaps I'll be dropping by uninvited\" he sneered. \"You do that and you'll be dropping dead\" I practically growled as anger and hate replaced fear. I wanted to hurt Charlie Rakes like he had hurt Jack. He took a menacing step forward. \"Is that a threat?\" \"No. It's a guarantee\". He smiled. \"I see your daddy hasn't taught you any manners. Maybe I should give you a lesson\" he began to fiddle with the large, thick leather belt around his waist as he approached me. Here it comes I thought preparing to defend myself. Then I heard the most beautiful sound; the bell clanged above the door. We both turned to see Bertha and Preacher Minnix standing there. Charlie straightened himself up and gave the preacher a false, friendly smile. \"Afternoon preacher\". \"Is everything okay?\" Preacher Minnix ignored him and asked me. \"Oh everything's fine. I was just wishing Miss. O' Rourke here a good time tonight as I can't make it. But I best be on my way. Good day\" he nodded at the preacher before giving me one last heated look. \"That is a bad soul\" the preacher commented as the door closed behind Charlie. I'll say. Bertha helped me close the door a few minutes later. Once we were safely settled in my truck the preacher took his leave reminding Bertha about what they discussed. Once he was out of eye and ear sight Bertha and I broke out into a fit of giggles as I put the truck in gear and headed home. \"I'm so excited!\" Bertha beamed as I drove as quickly as possible. \"With all that time you've been spending with Jack, I'm surprised you're still excited to see him\" I said. Her cheeks reddened. \"I like him\" she replied softly. \"It's okay I understand. If Forrest would give me the time of day, I'm sure I'd be spending all my free time with him too\". \"He still ignoring you?\" \"Yes\" I sighed but then smiled at the thought of the dress. \"But when he sees me tonight in that red dress, I'll have to beat him off with a stick\". \"I can't wait to see this dress you've been talking about non-stop\" Bertha smiled good-naturedly. I'm sure Jack and Cricket would be making fun of me tonight for dressing up but I didn't care. I was determined to show Forrest that I was grown up. When I had pulled the truck up to the house there was still a flurry of activity as both men and women bustled in and out of the house. When mama caught sight of Bertha and I, she ushered us into the kitchen to help with the last minute things, like cutting up some fresh fruits for the fruit tarts, buttering the buns and breads, and taste-testing things to make sure they were good enough to serve. It seemed like ages before mama said we could go get ready. Bertha had decided to wear her Sunday dress as it was the nicest dress she owned. She took off the bandana she wore all the time and I clipped her hair up with some pins Aunty Edith had made me buy. In Chicago, the rich women wore various up-dos clasped with pins. During my time at the all-girls school, I had to pin my hair up with these pins. I had opted to let my hair down tonight. It fell in soft, chocolate curls to the middle of my back. \"You should let your hair down more often\". I scrunched up my face, \"it gets in the way\". Then I hurried to put on the final touch; the dress. Bertha ohhed as I spun around in it. Then the door opened and mama came in. She took one look at me and started crying. I was startled and looked over to Bertha for some help but she shrugged and looked just as unsure as I did. \"Mama are you okay?\" I asked. \"You just look so grown up. And look how long your hair is\" she sobbed. I touched my hair subconsciously. \"Oh you look absolutely beautiful darling. Please forgive me, you'll understand when you have a daughter of your own\". She dabbed at her eyes with a tissue she pulled out of nowhere and began to blot at her eyes. \"I only came to tell you that the guests have started to arrive\". \"Okay, we'll go down now. Are you sure you're okay?\" She smiled and waved us out. \"Yes I'm just feeling a bit sentimental\". I paused at the door then turned around and hugged her. \"I love you\". \"I love you too. Now go before I start crying again. If you see your father tell him I'll be down in a minute\". Bertha and I hurried downstairs but stopped as we came to the front door. \"Are you ready?\" she asked me. \"As ready as I'll ever be. Are you?\" \"Yes\". She wrapped her arm around mine and we took a big breath before opening the door and stepping outside. We are amazed at the reviews this story is getting, please keep it up and we will continue to write! If you are also a fan of a little vampire movie you might have heard of called The Lost Boys starring Kiefer Sutherland, Jason Patric, and Corey Haim and Corey Felderman then might I suggest checking out my other fic, \"Cry Little Step Sister\". Reviews would be greatly appreciated for that as well. Until next time![Chapter 6] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, Hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter Six: From a Girl to a Woman The party was in full swing as Bertha and I stepped outside. The Wilson boys were strumming on banjos and stomping their feet as Rusty Wilson sang in his deep voice. People were eating, laughing, and dancing. \"There's Jack and Cricket\" Bertha nudged me as we noticed a few younger men had taken up a spot around the bonfire. As soon as Jack saw us, or maybe just Bertha he was jumping up and trotting over to us. \"Ladies\" he took his hat off and did a little bow. \"Who's your friend Bertha?\" Jack grinned. \"Go to Hell Jack Bondurant\" I said. \"Whoa ho, she's got a mouth on her. She may dress like a lady but she certainly don't talk like one\". \"You're not funny!\" Jack cackled. \"Oh calm down Val\". Cricket had ambled over to us now. \"Hiya Val. I like your dress\" his cheeks turned red as he said it. \"At least Cricket knows how to speak to a lady\" I smiled. \"Cricket's a real ladies man\" Jack smirked at Bertha before holding his arm out to her. \"Care to dance?\" \"My daddy said I'm suppose to stay away from you\" Bertha replied. \"Oh that so? Well I don't see your daddy here\". \"Well I guess it won't hurt. Do you mind?\" Bertha asked me. \"Nope. Cricket and I are going to dance too\" I said taking his arm. \"We are?\" Cricket asked. \"Let's go!\" I pulled Cricket into the dancing crowd. For a boy with crazy legs, he could move. Jack grabbed me by the arm a few times and we swung around having a grand old time. I had almost forgotten about Forrest-almost. The boys said they needed a break after a few minutes of dancing so we headed over to the fire area. Some girls our age had gotten their nerve up to join the boys. I said hi to those I knew as we settled down. We talked a few minutes before a shadow fell over me. I looked up to see Craig Keller a boy we use to go to school with standing there. He use to make fun of Jack and Cricket when we were younger and practically ignored me except the one time at school when he said he only talked to pretty girls. I cried all the way home that day with Jack and Cricket trying to comfort me the best they could. \"Well if it isn't Val O' Rourke. How ya doing?\" he asked. I had to admit, Craig was a good looking guy and he knew it but he also had a nasty disposition. \"I'm doing okay\" I replied trying not to rude for Aunty Edith always said, 'A woman is always pleasant even when her company is not!' \"Saw you dancing with Cricket the Cripple. You want to dance with a real man?\" he raised a brow and smirked, obviously thinking he was funny. \"Why don't you get lost Keller?\" Jack had heard what Craig had said. Cricket did too because he was staring at the ground, it looked like he wanted to cry. \"Mind your own business Bondurant\" Craig snapped at Jack before turning his attention back to me. \"So what do you say Val?\" \"No thanks\". \"You're saying you'd rather dance with a cripple than me?\" \"Cricket may be a cripple, but he's a hell of a lot nicer to be around than you. Now piss off!\" I snapped. Okay so that might not have been too pleasant but neither was Craig. \"You're still that ugly little girl that ran around with those bums. I was just trying to be nice\" Craig obviously didn't hear rejection a lot. He strutted away as I tried not to show that he had hurt my feelings. Was I really ugly? \"Forget that prick\" Jack said seeming to sense my hurt feelings. \"He doesn't know what ugly is because if he did, he wouldn't be calling you it\". \"Was that a compliment Jack?\" I smiled softly. \"I tried\" he shrugged. \"Thanks. I'm going to get a drink\" I stood and headed over to the refreshment tables. There were several punches and ice teas but I knew what I wanted. Mama's lemonade was in the old brown jug that her mama had left her when she died. I was pouring some when I felt someone beside me. I turned to see Forrest. \"Keller giving you trouble?\" he asked. I shrugged. \"Just being his charming self. I wonder why he's decided to talk to me now though\". \"Don't think you really need to ask that\". \"What's that mean?\" \"Everybody's been wanting to talk to you since you stepped out of the house in that dress\" he muttered. I smiled. Including you Forrest? \"Want some?\" I asked indicating the jug of lemonade. \"Nah, got my own brew\" he held up the little jug he was holding. Moonshine clearly. \"So are you going to dance?\" I asked. \"Nah. I don't dance\". \"Jack and Howard are\" we turned are attention to the oldest and youngest Bondurant's as they had headed back out into the dancing crowd. Jack was swinging Bertha around and Howard was dancing with Maggie who tried not to seem like she wasn't paying Forrest and I any attention. \"So if I asked you wouldn't dance with me?\" \"No. I don't dance\" he said. I sighed feeling defeated. \"Well it was nice talking to you Forrest after you've been ignoring me for a few weeks now\". \"I uh…I've been busy\" he seemed uncomfortable. \"Really? Seems like you've been ignoring me\". \"Ah look Val I didn't come over here to fight with ya\". \"Then what did you come over here for?\" I asked raising a dark brow. Forrest opened his mouth but nothing came out. He closed it then took a sip of the moonshine. \"Have a nice night Val\" he ended up turning and walking away leaving me there with burning cheeks. I was so embarrassed I contemplated running into the house and locking myself in my room. But then I saw the perfect opportunity. If Forrest wasn't going to dance with me than I knew somebody who did. I sauntered over to Craig who was leaning against a big oak drinking some moonshine. I could tell it was getting to him because he was swaying slightly. My mind was telling me to stop, that this was a bad idea but my heart was telling me it was the only way that Forrest would notice me. \"Craig\" I said getting his attention. He grinned at me. \"Knew you couldn't stay away\". \"I want to dance\". \"Course you do\" he smashed the jug of moonshine then sauntered over. He grabbed me roughly around the wrist and practically dragged me to the dancing area. I told myself that this was the only way. His hands roamed and groped me in inappropriate areas as he tried to manhandle me around the dance area. I caught Jack's questioning looks but I just shook my head. I also noticed Forrest's scathing looks. If looks could kill, Craig would be 6 feet under. \"You're hurting me\" I hissed as Craig's grip tightened on my wrist as he rubbed his body against mine and swung me around making me dizzy. He was definitely a terrible dancer. \"No pain no pleasure\" he growled in my face. I could smell the stench of moonshine on his breath. I nearly gagged. No, this wasn't a good idea. I pushed away from him. \"I'm done dancing Craig. Let me go\". \"I'll say when you're done\" he went to pull me back into him forcefully. As our bodies almost met I lifted my knee up and managed to connect with his groin. He hissed in pain and immediately let me go. As he doubled over to grab himself I hurried out of the dancing crowd toward my home. I needed to freshen up. I could feel the beads of sweat on my brow and my hair felt tangled. I looked at my appearance in the mirror as I stood in my room. My hair was a tangled mess and I looked pale, I was feeling a bit nauseous from breathing in Craig's foul breath. I ran a brush through my hair and dabbed at my forehead with a handkerchief trying to look more presentable. I felt like a fool. I just hoped Forrest would talk to me after. After deeming myself presentable again I headed back outside. I had just stepped through the door when rough hands grabbed me and dragged me to the side of the house where no one could see me. Craig pinned me against the house. \"You think you're going to get away with that bitch?\" he spat in my face. \"You think you're something now because you went to some fancy school in Chicago? You think you're better than me because you're wearing these pretty dresses\" he grabbed the hem of my dress and pulled on it. I heard it rip then I felt his hand slip under my knee. He lifted my leg up and began running his hands up to my thigh. \"Let me go!\" I cried pushing against his shoulders. But Craig was much bigger than me and stronger. He just laughed and ripped the hem off completely. There was only a little bit of material hanging above my thighs. Thankfully I wasn't exposed. \"Nobody makes a fool out of Craig Keller!\" \"Is that so?\" a voice came from our side. It happened so quickly. We both looked over to see Forrest and the next thing I knew, Forrest was smashing his fist into Craig's face. Craig's nose busted over and blood spurted out. He cried in pain and shock then stumbled back before turning around and running away. Immediately Forrest had gathered me up in his strong arms as I began to shake from the attack and the chilled air assaulting my exposed skin. Forrest picked up the ripped material and covered me as he scooped me up and carried me to the backdoor of the house so no one would see me. \"What room is yours?\" he asked carrying me up the stairs. \"First door…on the left\" my teeth were chattering together. Forrest managed to open the door. He kicked it closed behind us as he settled me on my bed. \"What were you thinkin'?\" he asked as he knelt down in front of me rearranging the torn hem of my dress so I wasn't exposed and cold. \"I…I wasn't\". I fought the tears that wanted to fall. I wasn't going to cry, Craig wasn't going to get that satisfaction. \"That jerk ripped my dress\" I muttered becoming angry instead. \"Be thankful that's all that happened\" Forrest growled. \"But it was my favourite dress. It made me pretty\". \"You don't need a dress to make you pretty\" Forrest muttered. I felt my heart do a little tumble. Had Forrest Bondurant just call me pretty? I smiled a little bit. \"Now that's what I like to see\" he said. \"What?\" I asked. \"You smilin'\". \"You make me smile Forrest\" I said honestly as my cheeks reddened a bit. \"Don't say stuff like that Val\" he said focusing his attention on making sure my thighs were covered. \"Why!?\" I asked in a sharp tone. \"Cuz…you use to be the little girl that ran around with my kid brother\". \"Stop thinking of me like that then and start thinking of me as a woman!\" I said. This caused him to lift his gray eyes to meet my brown ones. \"I have\" and before I knew it Forrest's lips were crushing against mine. Now this was a kiss. I inhaled his scent as his arms wrapped around me pulling me closer against him as our lips never parted. I ran my fingers through his hair as his hands roamed up and down my back. He was definitely a better kisser than Jack that's for sure. When we pulled away a few minutes later I was breathless. I felt my face heat up immediately as I drank in Forrest's lust filled eyes and disheveled appearance. \"I should uh get back\" he said. \"Yea okay. I think I'm just going to turn in for the night\". Forrest just grunted as he stood and headed for the door. \"Uh night Val\". \"Night Forrest\". Once he was gone I changed into my nightgown. I threw my torn dress away not wanting to be reminded of that incident then turned my thoughts back to what just happened. I couldn't stop grinning as I lay down in my bed. All night I kept dreaming of Forrest and when I woke up I had a big smile on my face. I looked over at Bertha lying on a mattress on the floor. She was giving me a funny look. \"What?\" I asked. \"Just wondering why you woke up with a smile on your face\". I shrugged. \"I'm a morning person\". Before Bertha could reply there was a knock at my door. Mama appeared carrying a package. \"This was left for you this morning Val\" she said handing me it as her and Bertha looked on curiously. I frowned wondering what it was and who would leave a package for me. At first I was scared thinking it was Craig but the package didn't seem threatening and so I gingerly opened it. I gasped. \"What is it?\" mama asked. I held up the pretty pale blue cotton dress from the store. \"Who's it from?\" she asked. I noticed a handwritten card. A dress don't make the girl pretty, the girl makes the dress pretty. -Forrest \" It's from Forrest\". Merry Christmas everybody! I tried to get this out earlier but I just couldn't get it to where I wanted it. Then as I was sitting there last night wrapping last minute gifts an idea popped into my head. And so as it is the season of giving, I thought what better way to end this chapter. Big thanks to everybody who continues to read & review this story. We are so amazed at the amount of reviews we are getting. This is our gift to you![Chapter 7] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, Hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter Seven: When Is the Time Right? \"Forrest Bondurant bought you a dress?\" mama raised a brow, a small smile tugged on her lips. \"Well your daddy has to do the dishes tonight\". \"What do you mean?\" I asked as I ran my hands over the smooth fabric. \"Forrest asked your daddy if he could open the store for him last night cuz he needed to buy something for a girl. I thought it was for you but your daddy said it wasn't so we took a bet. Looks like I won\". My cheeks warmed and I blushed. \"Looks like somebody has a crush\" she said before heading to the door. \"Breakfast is ready by the way why don't you put that dress on and head over to the filling station after to thank him? Bring some breakfast biscuits too\". \"I will mama\". When she was gone Bertha demanded to know what happened. And so I told her everything. She gasped out loud when I told her about Craig grabbing me and how Forrest saved me. \"He's like a hero or something!\" she exclaimed. I beamed. \"Yeah kinda\" though knowing Forrest he probably wouldn't like to be called one. \"I can't believe he remembered this was the dress I loved\". \"Maybe Forrest likes you more than you thought. Especially since he kissed you!\" \"Do you think so?\" She shrugged her thin shoulders. \"Is he known to buy girls dresses and kiss them?\" \"No. I don't think so\" this renewed my hope. \"Well come on and put it on then you can take me home so you can get over to the filling station to confess your love for him\". My blush reddened. \"I can't do that. Not yet at least\". \"Well just promise me when the time is right, you'll do it\" Bertha said looking at me with large brown eyes. \"I promise you I will confess my love to Forrest when the time is right\". When we joined my mama and daddy at the table for breakfast daddy's lip twitched a bit as he looked up at me from the paper he was reading. I don't know if he was trying to supress a smile or what. \"Nice dress\" he commented before turning his attention back to the paper. \"Thank you\" I said as mama put eggs and bacon on our plates. After breakfast I dropped Bertha off. \"I want to know everything!\" she said before I pulled away. My heart was beating fast and loud in my chest as I drove up to the filling station. Howard was passed out on the front porch snoring loudly when I got out. I cautiously stepped over him heading to the door when I heard voices from inside. There was no mistaken Forrest's voice. He seemed to be having a heated discussion with someone. I couldn't make out words but I heard a feminine voice answer him. It was Maggie and when I knocked on the door then poked my head in I could see I was interrupting something. The air was thick with awkward tension. Maggie had watery eyes and when she turned her attention to me a few tears rolled down her cheeks. She gave me a weak hello then excused herself saying she'd be in later tonight. \"Sorry did I come at a bad time?\" I asked Forrest. \"No\" he replied so I stepped inside. I could see his eyes roam up my frame as he noticed I was wearing the dress. \"I just wanted to say thanks for last night and especially for this dress. I didn't think you remembered and I never expected I'd actually own it\" I smoothed the dress out trying to seem more presentable as Forrest gaze was hot and heavy. \"I couldn't forget that image of you dancin' 'round\" he said. I felt a tingle run down my spine as my face darkened with a deep blush. He beckoned for me to come to him and so I did without a second thought. I placed the basket I was carrying with the breakfast biscuits on one of the tables before Forrest took my small hand in his large one and pulled me to him. To say I was surprised was an understatement but I didn't mind. Hell this is what I wanted ever since I was younger. \"The dress looks good on you\" he murmured as his other hand roamed down my side then rested on my hip as he stared down at me. \"Thanks Forrest for everything I really mean it\". \"Don't mention it. But what I want to know is, why you were dancin' with that prick anyways?\" I cast my eyes to the floor embarrassed now. \"Well?\" he asked as he gently lifted my chin up to meet his gaze again. I bit my lip, Forrests' light blue eyes darkened. \"Don't do that\" he growled and I quickly stopped. \"Why?\" I asked. \"I asked you a question first. Why were you dancin' with him?\" I sighed. \"I wanted to make you jealous\". \"Well that was a stupid idea. You coulda gotten hurt\" he reprimanded me. \"I know but you were there to save me\". \"You're lucky I didn't kill him. I was about ready to\" Forrest said as his grip tightened on me but not in an unpleasant way. \"Well it's a good thing you didn't because you might be locked up and we wouldn't be standing here now would we?\" I gave him an innocent look and bit my lip again. He groaned and cupped the back of my head before leaning in toward me. \"What the fuck am I doin' here?\" Howard called from the porch successfully ruining a moment before Forrest could kiss me. Howard banged through the front door. He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw us. \"Oh shit\" he quickly shielded his eyes and looked toward the ground but then he seemed to realize who I was and looked back up. \"Uh Val?\" he asked surprised. Forrest still hadn't let me go though I was trying to get away from him. It was kind of awkward having Howard standing there gazing at us stupidly. \"Had a little too much to drink eh Howard?\" Forrest asked his older brother in a scathing tone. \"Uh yeah guess I did. I'm going to head up to bed now uh 'cuse me\" he quickly hurried passed us obviously feeling awkward. \"Hey remember those clients are coming in from Chicago tonight. I need you here Howard\" Forrest said after him. \"Yeah yeah\" Howard waved him off as he disappeared up the stairs just as Jack was coming down. \"Um…what the hell?\" he asked noticing that I was in Forrest's arms. \"Can't a man get any alone time here?\" Forrest grumbled before letting go of me and heading to the back room. Jack stood there giving me a funny look until I couldn't stand it anymore. \"What!?\" I snapped. He just grinned. \"I'm hungry\". I just rolled my eyes. \"I brought biscuits\" I said indicating the basket. Jack went over and helped himself. \"You'll make a good wife for someone one day- most likely Forrest\" he threw in as an afterthought. My face got really hot as I heard Forrest grunt from the room to our left clearly having heard Jack whose goal it seemed was to embarrass me. \"Jack Bondurant\" I hissed. \"I'm going to whoop you good\". \"Gotta catch me first!\" and he was off heading outside. I was close at his heels. We ran around laughing our heads off like we had done when we were younger. It was nice to let loose like this and laugh. There wasn't much laughing these days with Charlie Rakes terrorizing everyone. Cricket had come over a few minutes later and we had all decided just to spend time together. Between me working at the store and Jack spending his time with Bertha, Cricket had been left to his own devices. We went fishing and stopped at my home for lunch just like we had done when we were kids. Mama was more than happy to whip us up some sandwiches and I know the boys were happy to have a decent meal. From what Jack said, Maggie wasn't the greatest cook. \"She manages though\" he shrugged as we sat eating. \"So what's her story?\" I asked. \"Not too sure all we know is she's from Chicago and wanted a change from the big city or something. Think she has her eye on Forrest\" Jack gave me a sideways look trying to gauge my reaction. \"I walked in on them fighting or something today\" I replied trying to act cool. \"They've been getting into little arguments lately. Annoys the hell out of me and Howard because then Maggie starts to cry and I hate when girls cry\" Jack said stuffing another sandwich into his mouth. \"I like Maggie\" Cricket said. \"She's nice\". \"Maybe you should be with her then cuz its clear Forrest likes someone else\" Jack raised his eyebrows and elbowed me. I got a warm fuzzy feeling but I slapped Jack playfully. xoxo We spent the rest of the day hanging out at the filling station. I managed to stay away from Forrest because I was spending time with the boys but it took a lot of effort. I wanted nothing more than to wrap myself around him and not let go. We were sitting on the porch watching the sun go down when Maggie pulled up. \"Oh you're still here?\" she said to me. It wasn't in a rude way but there was a hint of disappointment. \"Yeah I was just about to leave actually\" because it was sort of the truth. I had to get back for supper. \"Don't have to leave on my account. I'm sure Forrest would want you to stay\" she said sadly then headed inside. \"I can get Forrest to talk to her about that\" Jack said frowning after her. \"No it's okay I understand how she feels. But I better head home. Today was fun\" I stood now. \"See ya later Val, don't forget to say good-bye to Forrest\" Jack grinned. \"I'm going to say good-bye to Forrest and Howard\" I emphasized before heading into the station just as Howard was on his way out. \"Evening Val\" he smirked at me as we passed. Clearly he was over this morning's awkwardness. \"Howard\" I nodded at him politely. Maggie was standing behind the counter smoking a cigarette and looking glum. I didn't look at her too long or else I'd start to feel sorry for her. Forrest was still in the back room when I knocked on the door. He looked up; his lip twitched a bit in a smile. \"Haven't seen you since this morning when you chased Jack out\" he said by way of greeting. \"Yes well he needed a good kick to his behind with that comment he made but I just came to say good-bye I'm heading home for supper\" I lingered in the doorway unsure of what to do. Should I hug him, kiss him; tell him I have feelings for him? \"Okay well I uh guess I'll see you around\" it seemed Forrest was also unsure. \"Yeah sounds good. Good night Forrest\". \"Night\". I turned and headed outside. Jack was gone; I noticed his car wasn't there either. \"Where'd he go?\" I asked Cricket who was on his way in. \"Probably to hang out with the preacher's daughter\" he replied. \"Well you can come have supper with us if you'd like?\" I offered. \"Nah it's okay. I don't mind Maggie's burgers. Good night Val!\" During my drive home I fought with the idea about turning back and confessing my feelings to Forrest. Last night and this morning made me believe that Forrest might actually have feelings for me and I did promise Bertha I'd tell him when the time was right. When was the time right though? Would I know? But by then I was already home. I resolved to do it later, it could wait. xoxo That night I lay in bed contemplating when I should tell Forrest. Would I know when the time was right and how would I say it? What would his reaction be? By this point I had psyched myself out. I didn't think I'd be able to do it and then a horrible thought occurred. What if I waited and when I finally did it, it was too late. Forrest was a very attractive man and I know plenty of girls had their eyes on him last night at the gathering. What if one of them managed to get him first. And so I jumped out of bed, dressed quickly and ran outside to the truck. Mama and daddy were already sleeping so I managed to sneak out without having to answer their questions. I was going to do it tonight. A light snow had begun to fall as I drove to the station. I felt light-headed but I was determined to do this. When I pulled in to the station I was nervous and a bit jealous to see that the lights were off in the station but both Maggie's car and Forrest's truck were still there. Images began to flash in my mind of the two of them together and I nearly felt sick but something was telling me to get out and so I did. I stood there for a few seconds collecting my thoughts and taking slow breaths and that's when I heard it. A horrible gurgling sound coming from the side of Forrest's truck. I cautiously walked around the truck and let out a frightened cry. Forrest was lying on his back clutching his neck. Blood had drenched his front and had pooled out to stain the snow around him. \"Forrest! Oh my god!\" I scrambled to his side. His eyes were open but he wasn't seeing anything as he was toying over the edge between life and death. \"Oh god. Hang on Forrest!\" Those next few minutes seemed like a blur and I can't seem to understand how I managed to get Forrest to the hospital. I somehow found the strength to drag him to the truck and even managed to get him inside the cab. I drove as fast as the truck could go and reached the hospital in minutes. I jumped out and banged on the hospital doors. A few nurses quickly appeared and I screamed at them I needed help. As soon as they saw Forrest they rushed him inside after that I don't remember too much. When I woke up my mama and daddy were there along with Jack who looked as white as a ghost. \"Forrest?\" I asked immediately expecting the worst. \"He's going to make it darling\" mama said in her soothing voice. I passed out again. Obviously this was my least favourite part in the movie, well of course second to when we find out he dies of pneumonia but still it was a pretty gnarly scene. But I had to incorporate it in there. We're hoping you will enjoy the little bit of fluff we've thrown in there. Things will start picking up sooner. We're looking to end this story in the next 5-7 chapters as neither one of us are big fans of 100 chapter stories and so sheba16 can focus on her other stories and so I can focus on my new The Hobbit fic. The first chapter is up and I would love for you guys to check it out. It's called 'More Precious Than Gold' and it's a Thorin/OC. If you haven't seen The Hobbit yet I implore you go for it is awesome and I'm sure you'll find Mr. Thorin Oakenshield (Richard Armitage) just as fine as Tom Hardy.[Chapter 8] Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta be strong, he's gotta be fast, and he's got to be fresh from the fight, I need a hero, I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light, Hes got to be sure, and he's gotta be soon, and he's got to be larger than life. -Ella Mae Bowen Disclaimer: We do not own the Bondurant boys or any other characters used in the movie. We also do not own the rights to 'Holding out for a Hero' but it's a pretty song! Chapter Eight: A Shift in Relationships When I came to it was late afternoon. Mama and daddy were sitting on either side of the bed. As soon as I was fully awake they said I could go home. \"What even happened?\" I asked as they ushered me into the truck. I remembered the horrible sight of Forrest bleeding out and driving to the hospital but after that everything was blank. \"The nurses said you were in shock then you passed out\" mama said as she fretted over me, rearranging my dress and such. \"I wanted to see Forrest\" I said. \"You can tomorrow. He needs his rest too\". \"He's gonna have one hell of a scar\" daddy said. I figured Forrest wouldn't mind. With them thinking they were immortal and such it would be proof that Forrest had lived through it. That night Bertha came to see me. \"It was awful\" I said after recounting my story. \"I wonder who did it\" she asked. \"Probably Charlie Rakes\" I spat hating him even more. \"Do ya think Forrest is going to go after him?\" I felt a tightening in my stomach. \"I hope not. I don't want to ever see someone hurt like that again\". The next morning after eating breakfast and assuring my parents I was feeling fine, I headed to the hospital to see Forrest. Forrest was sleeping soundly as I pulled a chair up beside his bed. I gingerly placed my hand over top of his larger one and closed my eyes silently thanking the lord that Forrest was alive. When I opened them Forrest was looking at me. \"Hi\" I said softly. \"Hi\" his voice came out scratchy. \"Shhs don't say anything. You can't push yourself\" I told him as his hand wrapped around mine causing me to blush. \"I'm…okay\" he said. \"I'm glad\". \"Jack told me…that people are saying I walked here\" he smiled a bit. I guess no one knew that I had found him. I didn't want to put stress on him and make him feel bad if he found out that I was the one to see him like that and so I kept silent. \"Is that so?\" I felt tears beginning to bubble up and slide down my cheeks. Forrest frowned and with his other hand he reached up and brushed the tears off. \"Don't cry\" he said softly as I leaned into his touch. Someone cleared their throat and we looked to the door to see Maggie standing there with a suitcase. \"Oh hi\" she said sadly. \"You going somewhere?\" Forrest asked. \"Back to Chicago. I just came to say good-bye\" she replied surprising both Forrest and I. \"Why?\" I asked. She just shrugged her thin shoulders. \"Small town livings not what I thought it'd be\". \"You don't have to leave. You can move to the station if you want\" Forrest said. I could see Maggie thinking it over. I wasn't actually too bothered by the idea of Maggie moving to the station. I had a feeling she was leaving because Forrest didn't feel the way she felt about him. This made me feel better about the situation. And Forrest would need somebody to help him when I couldn't be there as I had to watch the store sometimes. \"You wouldn't mind?\" she asked her eyes on me when she asked this. I shook my head; Forrest squeezed my hand as though he was giving me a silent sign that I had nothing to worry about. \"Can you stop over at the station and make sure Jack is staying out of trouble?\" Forrest asked slowly once Maggie nodded her head and agreed to stay. \"Yes. I'll be back later to check on you okay?\" I hesitated before leaning over and kissing him on his stubble cheek. He squeezed my hand one more time before I headed to the truck with Maggie in tow. \"He likes you\" she said softly. \"What?\" I asked. \"Forrest\" she gave a heavy sigh. \"I'm sure it's not a secret that I had feelings for him but he rebuked them. I wondered why but now I know. I came to see him last night. He was sleeping but when he woke up he asked me where you were. He wanted to see you not me\" her eyes got a bit watery. \"That's when I realized his heart belongs to you\". I got a fluttering in my stomach and I felt light-headed. \"I've liked him ever since I was younger\" I told her honestly. \"Well you're very lucky he has feelings for you. Forrest is a good man, he'll protect you, keep you safe\" she said. \"I know\" I opened the truck door. \"Suppose you'll follow me to the station?\" \"I'm going to stop by your daddy's shop and pick somethings up for supper\" she replied before heading to her car. I watched her get in and pull away then I remembered her car being there that night and wondered where she was when Forrest was lying outside? I didn't dwell on it long. I reminded myself to ask her next time. xoxo When I pulled my truck up to the station I noticed Jack and Cricket were loading up the truck with moonshine. \"What are you two up too?\" I asked them getting out of the truck. Jack froze; obviously I had caught them doing something they weren't suppose too. \"I'm taking responsibility\" he replied. \"Don't be doing something stupid Jack Bondurant\" I scolded him. \"I've got a buyer lined up for this stuff. We can make twice as much as what we're making\" Jack said as he began loading the truck up again. \"You can get hurt or killed Jack! I can't stand it if another person I love gets hurt\". \"Don't worry about me Val I know what I'm doing\" he said. \"And does Forrest know what you're doing?\" I asked crossing my arms. \"No and we don't need to bug him. Trust me he'll be happy when he sees the profit we've made\". \"I don't think this is a good idea\". \"You never think my ideas are good\" Jack grinned at me. However when he saw the expression on my face he came over and placed his hands on my shoulders. \"Just trust me Val. We're going to be fine\". I sighed. \"Just make sure you both get home in one piece\" I told him and Cricket. If only I had known that was going to set everything in motion. A few days later Forrest had come home. Just as he promised Jack and Cricket had come home safe and even made one hell of a profit which Jack presented to Forrest who was mighty pissed that Jack had gone behind his back. \"Here\" Jack handed Forrest a piece of paper which Forrest refused to take still pissed. \"What is it?\" he asked as I stood on the porch watching the brothers. \"It's two names of the men who did this to you from Floyd Banner\" Jack said. \"Floyd Banner?\" Forrest asked. \"You running around with guys like Floyd Banner now?\" Jack rolled his eyes and placed the piece of paper on Forrest's' shoulder. \"What's that?\" he asked. \"An address, you'll find those guys who did that to you. They use to work for Charlie Rakes\" Jack replied indicating the bandage around Forrest's neck. Forrest didn't say anything as Jack headed inside the house. Forrest just took it and stuffed it into his shirt pocket as my stomach tightened. I wanted Forrest to stay far away from trouble, especially if Charlie Rakes had something to do with it. He ignored me as I gave him a stern look and instead kept his eyes focused ahead as he sipped his coffee. I gave up and headed inside where Jack was showing Maggie something. \"What's that?\" I asked taking a seat at the table Jack was sitting at. \"A camera, I bought it for Bertha\" he replied. \"Smile!\" he took a picture of me. \"Things are getting pretty serious you two huh?\" I asked. \"Guess so. I'm seeing her this afternoon\" he smiled as he fiddled with the new toy. \"Didn't that cost a lot?\" Jack shrugged. \"I can afford it\". \"Well aren't you Mr. Successful\" I teased him lightly pulling on the new fancy suit he was wearing. \"Hey watch it!\" he swatted me playfully. \"I better get going. Keep an eye on him\" he said indicating Forrest sitting outside in his rocking chair. \"I'll keep two on him\" I smirked. Jack tipped his hat and hurried outside ignoring his older brother. I watched Jack go hoping he wouldn't let the success and the money get to his head. Xoxo It was after supper when Howard came home. Forrest asked to talk to him in the back leaving Maggie and I to clear up the dishes. \"I wonder what they're talking about\" she said. \"I hope it's not about that address Jack gave Forrest today\" I replied. \"Address?\" \"Apparently those guys who attacked Forrest use to work for that Charlie Rakes. Jack got the address from Floyd Banner\". I could feel Maggie tense up \"he'd do best to stay clear of the likes of them\" she spat. That's when I remembered her car was here the night of the attack. \"Say Maggie, your car was here that night. Where were you?\" \"How'd you know that?\" she asked raising a manicured brow. I lowered my voice. \"I was the one that found Forrest\". \"They said he walked to the hospital\" she said. \"Trust me, he was in no condition to walk. So where were you?\" I prodded. \"I…I don't want to talk about it\" that's when I noticed she absent-mindly pulled up her dress higher on her shoulders however when she moved the material I caught a glimpse of a yellow and green bruise. \"Oh god Maggie\" I gasped as realization dawned. \"You ran into them. They hurt you too\" \"Please I don't want to talk about it\" she said as tears filled her eyes. I wasn't able to say anything else as Forrest and Howard trooped out of the back room. I could tell by the way his jaw was set and the fire in his eyes that Forrest was going after them tonight. \"Forrest\" my voice came out in a whisper as anger and fright took hold of me. His smoldering blue eyes held my gaze. \"Come\" he said. I stepped forward and he took my hand pulling me outside on the porch. \"Don't give me that look\" he said softly as tears began to form. \"Please don't go. I don't want them to hurt you again\" I begged as I felt wetness on my cheeks from the tears spilling out. Forrest wiped my cheek gently and smirked. \"They ain't going to hurt me again. They got lucky the first time is all\" he replied cockily. \"Forrest now's not the time to think you're immortal\" I said slightly angry that he could be so cool in this situation. \"Don't worry about me. Just be here when I get back\" he was running his finger down my cheek causing my legs to turn to jelly. \"Forrest-\" \"-Shss\" and he leaned in and captured my lips in a smouldering kiss. His hand came to the back of my head and he deepened the kiss. I reached up and gripped the front of his shirt kissing him fiercely. I didn't want to admit it, but I was kissing him as though this was the last time I'd see him. When we pulled apart it felt like my heart was going to beat out of my chest as I gasped for breath. \"I want more of that when I get back\" he said cheekily as Howard stepped out. \"You two done?\" he grinned as I stood there blushing. \"For now. Let's go\". I watched them get in the car and drive away as I prayed with all my heart that they'd return safe and sound. Maggie and I took solace in each other's company that night as we waited for the man we loved to return safely. Sorry it's taken awhile to get this out but with the holidays and returning back to work I couldn't find the time to tweak it and post it but it's up now. Once again we'd like to thank all those who continue to read and review! ","Summary":" Holding Out For A Hero I need a hero I'm holding out for a hero til the end of the night He's gotta"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"The Fall of Innocence","Author":"Negative Pleasure","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3942351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue:nThe Doom of Innocence \"nIn the beginning, there was eternal darkness, a world of unimaginablenbeauty and despair,\" spoke the Lord of Darkness, his voice anmournful baritone that echoed throughout the chamber. \" Until thennight was corrupted…by light's touch and the horrors it wrought.nMy brethren were forced to flee, powerless against this newnenemy.\" The dark lord paused as he stared intensely into thenroaring flames, the memories of a dead era reflecting in hisnsmoldering eyes. \" And now look at us, a shade of our former glory.nI am but a prisoner in my own realm, and can only watch as my enemiesnroam freely in a world that is mine by right. But no more will thatnbe so.\" Darkness ceased his mutterings and listened intently. \"nYou may enter.\" Majesticntwin doors, stretching from floor to ceiling, swung open onncomplaining hinges, and a woman stalked into the chamber. Her amberneyes held only the lord on his throne, then lowered as she kneeled atnhis cloven hooves. Darknessndid not speak immediately as he admired the woman's bronze flesh,nwhich held an eerie sheen in the firelight. Her midnight hair fellnabout her in heavy ringlets and clung to her form like a burialnshroud. She seemed hardly to even breathe as she patiently awaitednher lord's command. \"Wenstand upon the brink of a new era, Rashima, my esteemed champion. Donyou know what this entails?\" Darkness stretched forth a talonednfinger, slipped it around a stray lock of her hair. It curledntentatively around the black talon like a child's finger. Rashimanraised her head, her feline eyes boldly meeting the smoldering eyesnof the dark lord. \" I do, my liege. Light, and all of its horrors,nshall be no more.\" \"nThe last sunset draws near, yet we must not underestimate the powernof the enemy. A task I lay upon you, dirge wolf, that shall set timenin motion.\" Darkness let slip the lock of hair from his talon. \"nWhat will you have me do, my lord?\" \"nThere is a presence in the forest that troubles me, a presence I hadnmercifully forgotten. They are creatures of purity; a spiraling crownnrests on their brows and threatens to pierce the night.\" The voicenof the dark lord dropped to a sinful whisper. \" Bring me theirncrowns, dirge wolf. Bring me…their blood.\" Lilly Thenenchanted forest was alive with beauty and mystery. Its secretsnbeckoned the princess as she sprinted among the proud trees with thengrace of a spring doe. The underbrush snagged playfully at hernskirts, small animals skittered in her wake, and the birds whistlednto her as she flitted past. Sunlight sparkled through the dense treesnand peppered the forest floor with gold. The desire to head deeperninto the forest was nearly overwhelming for the princess, but insteadnshe made her way to a small cottage that stood upon the forest'snbrink. The princess came to a halt when she spotted a line ofnfresh linen billowing like flags in the warm breeze. She stood upon anmossy log, her creamy flesh ruddy from her run through the forest.nShe reveled in the feel of her heart beating strong in her chest, ofnthe sharp intake of flowery scented air and overall warmth spreadingnrichly through her being. A thought came to the princess and anmischievous smile touched her lips. Lowering into a crouch, shensneaked towards the lonely cottage. Therenthe old woman stood with a basket of milky white linen at her feet.nShe whipped out another with a flourish and draped it over the line,nunaware of the princess darting past her not too far away. Thenprincess' smile widened as she dashed towards the line's knottednend and gave it a hearty tug. \"nCursed fairies!\" the woman exclaimed as her line of linen flutterednto the ground. The princess giggled and hurried inside the cottagenbefore the old woman could see her. An elderly man slumberednnoisily in a rocking chair in a nearby corner, and a wooden clocknkept time above his balding head. The princess gazed at the clock,nadmiring its ornately carved face, and the stiff figures that emergednfrom its depths every hour. The princess blinked and for a moment,nthe clock was white with frost. \"nPrincess Lilly! 'Tis always a pleasure to see you, love.\" Thenprincess whirled around and there the old woman stood within thendoorway, a basket of linen tucked tight beneath her arm. She was thensame height as Lilly, pleasantly plump and dressed in a peasant'sngarb. Yet her full face shone with maternal love for the royaltynstanding in her home. \"nHave a biscuit, dear,\" the woman said as she whisked across thenroom. \" And pray tell, what brings you into these parts o' thenwood, your majesty?\" Lillyngroaned and waved a hand in dismissal. \" Nell, how many times mustnI remind you? You need not address me with those tiresome formalitiesnhere; just call me Lilly.\" She dropped into an empty chair. \"nWell, beggin' me pardon, miss, but ye are a princess, and well—\"nNell paused in her linen folding and stood before the girl. \"—it'sntime you start behavin' like one. Ye should be lookin' fornsuitors, not runnin' bare foot in the woods.\" Lillynsmiled warmly at Nell's gentle chidings. \" This place holds morenmagic than any palace in the world. I know you mean well, but it'snyour world I would rather live in.\" Lilly laughed suddenly as ansudden thought occurred to her. \" I don't have time for this; thenforest and its wonders awaits me.\" \"nWonders as in Jack you mean,\" Nell corrected as Lilly rose to hernfeet. Annuncontrollable smile came to Lilly's lips and she blushed slightly.n\" What my father doesn't know won't hurt him.\" \"Forgivenme, child, if I sound too harsh. I think it lovely ye found answeetheart. Just promise me you be careful out there.\" Nell leanednforwards and planted a soft kiss upon the girl's cheek. \" Now,nremember to stay away from toadstool rings and the fae folk.\" Lillynheard these warnings whenever she ventured from Nell's cottage. Sonfar, she had yet to come across any fae folk or any of the magicalncreatures Nell claimed to wander the forest. She took the warningsnlightheartedly, heading for the open door, when Nell suddenly graspednher arm. Lilly turned and was surprised to see urgency and even fearncloud the elder woman's cheery face. \"nI mean it, girl. I know ye don't believe, but believe me when I saynthis; bewares the devil's wolf and its death song. I heard it lastnnight; its howlin' can make even the bravest soul turn black withnsorrow. If you hear it, girl, run as fast as ye can.\" Nell releasednher grip and her features relaxed, yet the fear in her eyes remained. \"nI will, Nell,\" Lilly replied solemnly, disturbed by her oldnfriend's manner. She planted a light kiss on Nell's ruddy cheeknthen silently left the cottage where the forest waited.[Chapter 2] Jack \" Open your heart to my silver reign As the daylight withers I shall never see the light of hope again. O Eternal Night, who forever waits on the Dawn I lay before you, cold and unadorned. Kiss me deep, kiss me on the heart And forget me not Forget me…not.\" Thus cried the voice that caught Jack's ears. The voice was purely female and the song seemed to have been painfully drawn from her throat. An engulfing silence ensued, leaving Jack frozen amid the trees and distantly wishing the singer would continue. She did a moment later, her voice invoking a pit of despair to form within Jack's being. He listened a while longer, losing himself in the singer's ghostly dirge. When she paused again, Jack shook himself free of the trance and eagerly set out to find her. There she was in a pocket of forest Jack rarely ventured. She stood with her back towards him and waist deep in a pool warmed by the sun. Jack stayed hidden behind a cluster of leaves and his face burned with shame. He should leave, he knew, and leave the woman her thoughts and privacy. Yet it was rare to encounter a fellow mortal this deep in the forest, especially a woman. The woman's hair clung to her back then crept through the water like a black web. The richness of her hair complimented the golden bronze of her shoulders shining in the sunlight. Jack hoped she would turn around or feel inclined to sing again, and his intrigue rose to a fever pitch. \" I know you're there,\" the woman spoke suddenly. Her voice had none of the sorrow it held before. She turned around and Jack stared into fairly amused eyes. Jack's heart pounded wildly in his chest and his face burned all the more hotter at being caught. A part of him wanted to just run but intrigue kept him and he moved stiffly out of his hiding place, his eyes downcast. He could feel her eyes scrutinizing him as he waited miserably for her to scorn him for his spying. The woman chuckled softly. \" Oh, so now you try to be modest with your eyes to the ground?\" \"F-Forgive me, ma'am,\" Jack squeaked. \" I-I didn't know you—\" \" What's your name? And by all means, don't be afraid to look, like you were doing mere moments ago.\" \" I'm sorry. I-I heard your voice and—\" Jack raised his head and was momentarily startled by the woman's eyes—\" couldn't resist its beauty.\" The woman smiled. \" You're too kind.\" She paused, watching Jack squirm uncomfortably in the awkward silence. \" You still have yet to tell me your name.\" \" Huh? Oh. Jack. My-My name's Jack,\" he blurted out, his voice sounding loud and harsh in his ears. He tried to busy himself by sitting cross- legged at the pool's rocky edge and smoothing out his leaf encrusted shirt, suddenly conscious of its shabby appearance. He cleared his throat in hopes of sounding more than just an awkward youth. \" So…what's your name?\" \" Rashima,\" the woman answered with a note of pride. She waded through the pool, the water sloshing gently around her waist, and leaned towards Jack on her elbows. \" Come closer, Jack, and tell me about yourself.\" Jack swallowed thickly and hesitantly obeyed. He dared himself to push his dirt-smeared face closer to hers, and did his best impression of a sensual grin. \" Well,\" he breathed softly, \" what do you want to know?\" Rashima's sharp features were relaxed yet her golden eyes appeared to be laughing at the boy. \" You don't appear to be a peasant's son, and your clothing—\" she reached out with slender fingers and teased a dark green leaf on Jack's shirt—\" suggests you live a rather carefree life.\" \" I am a forest child, lady,\" Jack replied, his subdued voice swelling with pride. \" I have lived in this forest for as long as I can remember. I know every brook and stream, and can speak the tongues of many creatures.\" \" Good,\" Rashima declared, more to herself than the boy. \" I like that.\" \" And I like you, my lady,\" Jack said eagerly as his confidence returned. \" Your song was lovely, although very sad. May I ask why? Why would such a beautiful woman cry such a mournful song?\" \" In time, when you are old enough, you will come to understand,\" Rashima replied wistfully, and for a moment her eyes darkened with inner pain. Only for a moment. \" Old enough,\" Jack echoed incredulously in youthful arrogance. \" My dear lady, I have lived within this forest since the moment of my birth! I have witnessed and fought creatures that no child should ever face. Lady, I may be young in years, but I possess the heart of a man!\" \" Then kiss me and prove me wrong,\" Rashima challenged. \" Kiss me as if I were a lover, and I'll tell you the secret to my song.\" Jack nodded confidently, yet his eyes told different. \" Very well then.\" He swallowed thickly and steadily leaned towards her with his eyes half closed and his lips puckering in anticipation. He heard Rashima laugh quietly before their lips met. Her lips were soft and moist, and her expertise took Jack completely by surprise. He had always favored himself at being an excellent kisser; that's what Lilly told him. Now, with Rashima's sensual lips on his own and steadily devouring him, he realized how mistaken he and Lilly had both been. Her tongue was in his mouth, and Jack was not surprised he didn't find it completely disgusting. He wanted more and returned the favor with as much confidence as he could summon. Rashima began to rise slowly out of the pool, her lips pressing harder against his own. Jack's arms slid around her damp shoulders as though possessed and tightened around her, partially lifting her out of the water. A rich smothering warmth flared inside of him when her breasts pressed firmly against his chest. His clothes were steadily soaking rivulets of water that ran down her skin which he gratefully accepted to cool his feverish body. She felt wonderful in his arms and he moaned his pleasure despite himself. She was nearly on top of him now, her hair forming a cool black curtain around his head. Jack realized she was smothering him and he could hardly breath. But she felt so good… Rashima's body stiffened in his arms and she broke the spell with an audible smooch. \" Did you hear that?\" Dazed, Jack smiled lazily. \" Hear what?\" Rashima gazed down at the boy and wrinkled her brow. \" Someone calls your name, deep inside the forest.\" She paused, listening. \" A girl, by the sounds of it.\" Jack froze as the ghostly call reached his ears and was suddenly cold, despite Rashima being so near. She slid back into her pool as he sat up and shook his head, trying to clear his foggy mind. \" Lilly.\" He looked in Rashima's eyes and wrestled up a weak smile. \" My friend,\" he explained apologetically. \" Of course.\" Rashima smirked and her eyes flashed knowingly. \" She's been calling you for a while now, Jack. And by the sound of her, she's beginning to worry.\" \" But you still haven't told me the secret to your song.\" Jack's face scrunched into a pout. \" And you still have yet to kiss me like you meant it,\" Rashima countered. Jack opened his mouth to reply when a dim shine on Rashima's chest made him pause. It had been obscured by her hair but now a sliver of it was exposed, a silvery mark with a warm inner glow right over her heart. He pointed to it. \" What's that mark on your chest?\" Rashima didn't look where he was pointing, but rather placed a hand over the mark in sudden modesty. \" A blessing.\" \" A blessing from—?\" \" Jaaack! Jaack! Please…answer me!\" Lilly's shrill voice echoed throughout the forest, tinged with a growing fear. The urgency in her voice forced him to his feet. A growing nausea of guilt began to sweep over Jack as he turned in the direction of Lilly's voice. \" I'm coming,\" he whispered beneath his breath, then turned to Rashima in the pool behind him. But the pool was empty. A Mortal Sin \" Jack, teach me rabbit like you promised,\" Lilly demanded as she watched Jack stroke a red breasted bird in his palm. Jack looked at her and seemed to see her for the first time. \" Rabbit is a lot harder than finch,\" he told her with a small smile that did not reach his eyes. \" My father says I'm brilliant and besides, you promised.\" Lilly plucked at his sleeve then ran her hand down his arm, the bird leaping out of his hand. Jack said nothing as his eyes, dark with worry, stared on the hand upon his forearm, unfocused. \" Jack?\" Lilly whispered. \" Is something the matter? \" Her hand found his and entwined with his fingers and gave a meaningful squeeze. \" I…saw something in the forest today. Something unusual,\" Jack muttered. \" Oh, like what? I don't like my Jack to be unhappy, now tell me what troubles you,\" Lilly pressed gently as she nuzzled against him. Jack leaned away from her slightly and shifted uncomfortably. \" It's-It's hard to explain and besides—\" he smiled suddenly and stole a kiss upon her forehead—\" I have something in store for you. Today is the day I fulfill my promise to you, and it's not to teach you rabbit.\" Lilly gave a sharp intake of breath as her face glowed with pure joy. \"Jack, do you mean it?\" Jack took her up in his arms, the worry in his eyes gone and forgotten. \"Only if it pleases you, my love.\" \"Oh, it pleases me more than anything in the world!\" \" Then we must hurry.\" Jack rose to his feet. \" They'll only be there for a short time.\" He pulled out a white strip of cloth and made to wrap it around Lilly's eyes. The joy on the princess' face waned a little and her grin faded into a tight smile. \" Jack, don't you trust me?\" Jack paused and kissed her softly on the lips. \" I trust you, Lilly.\" He crumpled the handkerchief into a tiny ball and tossed it away into a nearby flowerbed. A small stream gurgled along a rocky bed that was surrounded by trees and small brush. Lilly beamed like the sun as she and Jack waited anxiously in a small patch of underbrush facing the stream. A warm breeze swept by, carrying the scent of flowers and a sound Lilly had never heard before. It was music, a pure sweet note that pierced the air. The note echoed throughout the forest and was soon greeted by another until the two voices entwined and became one. Lilly placed a hand over her heart in an attempt to calm its frantic beat, her skin flushed with pleasure. She gave a sharp intake of breath when the singers showed themselves far upstream. They were unicorns. Two of them, each blessed with a single horn spiraling gracefully towards the sky. Their coats were a blinding white and their song echoed about them as they cantered down the stream, splashing water in their wake. \"Oh, Jack,\" Lilly breathed as she watched the unicorns play in the stream. \" Can you speak their language?\" \"They only know love and laughter,\" Jack replied in an awed tone. \" Dark thoughts are unknown to them.\" \"They're so beautiful.\" Lilly moved towards the creatures as if in a daze, lazily brushing aside the foliage that hid her from view. \"Lilly—Don't!\" Jack grabbed her hand, his eyes wide in alarm. \"What are you doing?\" \" I just want a closer look.\" Lilly shook her hand free and stared at Jack as if seeing him for the first time. \" Where's the harm in that?\" \" Everything!\" Jack snapped as his hands made for the hem of her dress, but his fingers snatched air. He watched helplessly as Lilly ventured out into the open. The unicorns turned their attention to the princess but only briefly. One of the unicorns gave its mate a playful nip and the two reared and sung to each other. Lilly stepped into the stream and barely noticed the warm water seeping through her slippers. She parted her lips and added her own song to that of the unicorns. Her voice made them pause and watch her curiously. \" Come dance, sparrow Sing me good morning Rise up sun, like the arch of the sky…\" From his perch among the foliage, Jack watched with the intensity of a hawk. Lilly's voice was high and sweet, so unlike the other whose voice threatened to steal his happiness. Jack stood up and made to go to his Lilly, when she began to sing once more. Lilly's heart beat even faster and her palms were moist and hot. She continued with her song, singing of love and happiness, when one of the unicorns took a timid step forward. As Lilly peered closely, it was slightly larger than its mate with a golden mane ready to kiss the ground. The more Lilly sung, the more her voice enticed the creature forward, until she was able to stretch out her arm and beckon the unicorn with an open hand. The unicorn was silent and entranced by Lilly's voice; it absently pushed its long snout into her open palm. Lilly grinned and caressed its warm, silky coat and the world dropped away, leaving just her and the unicorn. She faintly heard a soft thrumming and a dull splash, then shrieked when a streak of…something…plowed itself into the unicorn's side and sent it crashing into the stream with a violent spray of water. Lilly was blinded and fear seized her heart; she stepped backwards and tripped over her dress, landing painfully backwards into the stream. She wiped water from her eyes, witnessed the plight of her unicorn, and began to scream uncontrollably. The poor beast was screaming and kicking wildly as a shadowy creature assailed its head and throat, all the while growling savagely. Lilly was so close she could see the monster's cruel eyes aglow with bloodlust. Fear propelled Lilly onto shaky legs and she stumbled frantically towards Jack, who stood frozen with horror on his face. \"Jack!\" Lilly tripped over herself again and fell sobbing onto her hands and knees; the water held a ghostly red tint. The shrill voice of his love snapped Jack out of his terror induced trance. The unicorn's cries were faltering; its struggles growing weak. Jack launched himself out of the underbrush and dashed past Lilly's trembling form, barely aware of himself as he leaned forwards and drove his shoulder into the creature's side. The creature stumbled away from its prey but remained on its feet. Panting, Jack quickly scanned the watery ground for something—anything—to wield as a weapon. There it was, a thick twisted branch lying partially submerged near his foot. He snatched up the branch in a quick spray of water and faced his foe. Disbelief shot down his spine when he found himself staring into the eyes of a wolf. Or so was his first thought. The creature lowered its massive head and began to circle the boy. Where its ears should have been was a crown of horns the color of dried blood that swept gracefully from its head. Jack eyed it warily and sent forth a tendril of thought to the creature. He received nothing, save for a wall of derision. Behind him, he could hear the unicorn squeal in pain and the slosh of water. The creature's eyes left Jack's face, and the boy could have sworn he saw something akin to alarm flash in the depths of its eyes. He felt its attention slide away from him, towards the struggling unicorn, and saw its muscles beneath the black fur ripple and tighten. It moved suddenly, with unholy swiftness, past Jack's defenses towards the unicorn struggling to rise. \"NO!\" Jack's clumsy swing of the branch caught the monster in its eye and sent it prancing away in pain. Lifting a paw as large as Jack's head, the wolf creature rubbed at its eye and gave a brief shake of its horned head. An eerie glint flashed in its eyes, as if it acknowledged Jack for the first time. The sight was beyond unsettling and made the hair rise on Jack's neck. It dashed forwards and sprung into the air with the grace of a cat. All Jack saw was a forest of fangs and pointed teeth all jammed tightly into a black maw, and instinctively raised his branch just as those jaws closed around it. He felt himself fall beneath the creature's weight and grunted painfully when his head hit the rocky bed of the stream. He held the branch at arm's length, grimacing with the effort of it. The creature was steadily bearing down on him, its breath hot and foul. Red tinged drool began to leak from the creature's jaws and stretched slowly towards Jack's terrified face. The branch was beginning to splinter and crack; his arms burned with the effort of holding the monster at bay. A need entered the wolf creature's remaining good eye—the other one had turned dark red. With a haughty toss of its head, the branch was torn free from Jack's numb hands and the boy was further surprised when it backed away from him, rather than maul him as he had dreaded. Jack sensed the beast was tired of this fight and impatient to resume its ravaging of the unicorn. He stole a glance in the horse's direction. The unicorn was back on its feet with the aid of Lilly. Blood ran down its forelegs and poured from numerous wounds on its neck and chest. Lilly was weeping terribly and whispered comforting words as she gently led the unicorn down the stream and into the forest. Safely far upstream, its mate reared and whinnied fearfully. Its mate's call gave the wounded unicorn strength. Its torn ears pricked and it turned away from Lilly's arms in anger, and began to limp towards its companion. Lilly's face was twisted in grief as she was left standing in the stream. A soft growl snapped Jack's attention to the creature. It was watching the unicorn that hobbled faster as it grew nearer. Its mate called again, more urgently, and the unicorn responded with a feeble call of its own. The wolf creature paused, and Jack sensed amusement wafting from it. He climbed to his feet and placed himself between the unicorn and the beast that threatened it. The creature snorted, its amusement vanished, and dashed towards Jack's left. Jack moved to intercept and his heart constricted with terror when the beast darted for his right, its jaws opening for the unicorn now exposed. Jack flung out his arm in a mad attempt to slow his momentum and to grab the beast. His arm to fell into the beast's mouth and red pain exploded inside his body. An inhuman howl of agony erupted from Jack's throat as the creature's sharp teeth scraped against bone then snapped his arm like kindling. His vision blurred; someone was screaming in the distance, and he knew no more. The monster released Jack's arm, a broken and bloody thing, and pounced merrily on the unicorn. It screamed as it went down and its mate whinnied then lowered its beautiful head. It pawed the ground and charged, its sharp horn aimed for the creature's side. The creature paused, stared at it thoughtfully, then titled back its head and began to howl. Lilly had managed to reach Jack's side, who she now cradled in her arms. As the creature's howl began to rise towards a fever pitch, a growing pit of sorrow began to form in Lilly's being. It swallowed her fear for Jack and increased her pity for the unicorn's demise until it became like a living thing growing inside her. A heaviness settled on her chest, the weight of her sin against the unicorn, and her guilt threatened to crush her. After all, Jack did try to warn her. If only she had listened… The creature's cry of despair struck the unicorn like a physical blow. It shook its head and whinnied, pawed the ground, and pranced fretfully. Its rippling white coat, pure and pristine, began to grow dull as it lowered its head in submission. Satisfied, the creature ceased its haunting call. The unicorn beneath it had grown still, and the creature dipped its head and took the prized horn in its jaws. There was a brief flash of light and the resounding sound of thunder, and Lilly stared numbly at the horn now lodged triumphantly in the wolf creature's jaws. The princess struggled to breathe, tormented by that disturbing howl and the pit of hopelessness it conjured in her soul. Water flowed around her, red with her lover's blood and the dead unicorn on the rocky ground. As if possible, more tears formed in Lilly's eyes and poured down her pale cheeks. She stared numbly at the wolf creature and believed she saw laughter in its golden eyes.[Chapter 3] The Gump \"Wherenis the boy?\" \"nOver here, my lord. The princess came with him soon after the snownstarted fallin'.\" \"nWhat happened?\" \"nThe devil's wolf is what happened, milord. The princess told me hownJack fought it and nearly lost his arm.\" \"nThe devil's wolf…?\" There was a long,ndeadly silence and then, \" Are you certainnthat's what the princess told you?\" \"nAye, milord Gump. 'Tis the way she spoke of it, with horns and anninfernal howlin'\" \"nWhat else did she say? What of the other unicorn?\" \"nThe wolf took it away, she said. She thinks it still lives and wentnto look for it.\" \"Lilly.\"nJack slowly opened his eyes to pain and shadows. He was on his backnupon a straw mattress and covered in a thin quilt. \"Where—Wherenam I?\" \"nIn a cottage on the edge of the forest,\" answered a low voice. \"nAnd Lilly? She's—\" \"nGone, I'm afraid, on a fool's errand.\" Jacknturned his head towards the speaker, who was sitting stiffly in ancrude chair at his bedside. \" Gump.\" Thenelf returned Jack's stare with a searching gaze before speaking inna clear, even voice. \"You disappoint me, Jack. Whatever could havendriven you to betrayal?\" \"Itnwas not betrayal.\" Jack struggled to sit up and grimaced as painnshot down his arm. \" What I did, Gump, I did it out of love.\" \"nAnd I suppose just saying so wasn't enough?\" Gump rose angrilynfrom his chair and turned away, his fur cape flaring behind him.nThere were several more elves standing quietly about the room,nstaring at Jack with small glistening eyes. \"nI know nothing I say will make it better,\" Jack called to Gump'snback. \" But please try to understand that I love Lilly, and I onlynwanted to please her. She'd wanted to see the unicorns and I hadnmade a promise to her that she will. I—I didn't mean for this tonhappen.\" Gumpnturned back to the forest child, the anger having left his face. \"Inunderstand your reasons, Jack. You will also come to understand thatnyou will be accompanying my men and I to search for the lastnunicorn.\" \"Do you know where it is?\" \" I have a goodnfeeling as to where it was taken.\" Gump settled back into the chairnand fixed Jack with a solemn gaze. \" Tell me, before the incident,ndid anything unusual happen today?\" \"Drake\" the Huntsman Thenforest had become a cold and unfriendly realm. The pathways Lilly hadntrekked countless times before were hidden beneath the snow. The windntormented her as it howled about her and pulled at her dress; it didnlittle to protect her from the bitter cold. The surrounding trees,nwhich only this morning had been thick and green with leaves, werenblack and barren. Everywhere the princess looked, there was nothingnexcept death. Snownstung her eyes and frost had gathered on her lashes and eyebrows. Shencould not feel her limbs anymore as she was forced to march throughnthe snow. She didn't care, however. The world had changed becausenof her and she was determined to make it right again. But how, shenwondered. Lillynremembered what happened, although it seemed now like a distantnnightmare. When the wolf stole the horn from the fallen unicorn, itnforced the remaining one into the forest. Lilly could do nothing andnshe didn't care once the wolf's call possessed her. It felt likenan eternity had passed when she finally willed herself to move andnremember the boy in her arms. Jacknremained a motionless heap, his shattered arm lying awkwardly in thenwater. Lilly had taken hold of the hem of her dress and ripped off anpiece of the silken cloth. With the utmost care, she wrapped hernlover's arm in a crude splint and took him to Nell's cottage;nthat's when it had begun to snow. Despite Nell's warnings, Lillynhad stayed briefly before venturing out in the icy world. Shencouldn't stand the thought of just sitting there, doing nothing. Thenprincess gasped for breath and immediately began to cough as snownflew into her throat and chilled it. Her grueling march was takingnits toll on her legs until each step became an effort of will.nLilly's mind wandered back to Nell's cottage, where it was warmnand cozy. The thought made the princess shiver all the morenviolently. She paused briefly to glimpse at her surroundings. Perhapsnif she returned to that place, she could go in the direction the wolfnhad gone. It was her only chance at even guessing where the lastnunicorn was. If it wasn't dead already. \"Andnpray tell, what has led one as yourself out into this hellish cold?\" Lillynturned with a startled yelp towards the speaker. A man was leaningncasually against a tree, swathed in black furs and wearing a peculiarngrin. Upon seeing her startled appearance, he gave a stiff bow. \"nMy apologies, good lady, I mean no harm.\" He paused and fixed thenprincess with a curious stare. \" Forgive my rude tongue, but aren'tnyou a little well…underdressed for weather such as this?\" \" I am Princess Lilly, and I've lost my way—\" \" The Princess Lilly?nOh, my dear lady.\" The man dropped to his knee in the snow. \" Inam yours to command.\" Ansense of relief came over Lilly and she regarded him gratefully. \"Thank you, good sir, as I am in need of assistance. What isnyour name?\" Thenman stood, his eyes dark and mysterious. \" I go by the name ofnDrake Night. I am a hunter and know my way through this forest, be itnspring or winter. If it pleases you, your majesty, allow me the honornof escorting you safely to the palace.\" Home.nOh, how Lilly longed to be back within those marbled halls! At firstnshe couldn't stand being away from the forest or her love and nownshe found herself wishing to return, to nestle down in her warm bednand sleep this nightmare away. She shook her head free of thosentempting thoughts, banished them from her mind. \"nNo, Sir Night—\" \"nPlease, just call me Drake.\" \"—Drake,nbut I cannot return to the palace. Not yet.\" Thenhunter raised an eyebrow and moved to Lilly's side. \"Oh? And whynnot?\" He unclasped his heavy fur cloak and dropped it onto Lilly'sntrembling shoulders. \" I have not seen a winter this harsh innyears, and you are ill suited for the cold. I'm impressed, my lady,nthat you made it this far without freezing.\" Lillyngreedily wrapped the fur cloak about herself, thankful for itsnwarmth, and stared in Drake's face. He was incredibly handsome,nwith dark glittering eyes and a chiseled face. His hair was as blacknas his clothes, short and falling into his eyes. \"nI…did something terrible, and I'm determined not to go home untilnI make things right again,\" Lilly replied. Drakenslid a well muscled arm around the princess' shoulders and tried tonturn her in the direction she had just marched from. \"I doubtnwhatever it is you have done is so severe that you cannot wait untilntomorrow, or perhaps when the snows die down—\" \"nNo!\" Lilly tore away from him with tears threatening to break freenfrom her eyes. \" I have to fix this, Drake. It's my fault it'snlike this. Don't you remember that this very morning it had beennspring? Now look.\" She made a brief gesture to the forest. \" It'snthe middle of winter.\" Drakenlooked into the distance, then spoke a moment later. \" I do recallnit sunny when I first set out today…\" Thentears tried to run down Lilly's cheeks but were snatched away bynwind and cold. She turned and began her march through the snow andnheard Drake easily catch up beside her. He seemed unmoved by the coldnand constant snowfall, and had little trouble in trudging through thensnow drifts. \"nSo, if your destination is not home, then where is it?\" he asked anmoment later. \"nThere was a rocky stream not too far from here that I must returnnto,\" Lilly began. \" I know it's buried in snow but I know thensurroundings once I see it.\" Thenprincess was half expecting the huntsman to further question hernpurpose but when he only nodded in silence, she was relieved. Thencloak had warmed her and she moved more quickly, her breath coming innshort gasps. Drake moved effortlessly beside her with his eyesnstraight ahead. When they reached a small outcropping of rock, Lillynstopped so suddenly that the huntsman almost didn't notice andnpaused a short distance from her. \"nThis is the place,\" she told him as she marched past him, her heartnbeating furiously with fear and exhaustion. \" Please, walkncarefully.\" Thensmall stream that had been red with blood was gone and buried beneathnlayers of snow. It was knee deep and Lilly marched slowly andncautiously. Somewhere, beneath the snow and locked in ice, laid thencorpse of the unicorn. She was loathed to step on it yet she needednto know where it lay to point her in the right direction. Shenventured further up the icy creek bed with her eyes searching thenground, trying to picture where the unicorn had fallen. Lillynraised her leg high then tentatively pushed her foot into the snownand came upon something hard and grim. Her heart leapt into hernthroat and she swallowed thickly as she began to dig with her barenhands. Drake was beside her in an instant and once the unicorn wasnrevealed, he gasped and stumbled backwards. \"nBy my soul,\" the hunter breathed, staring at the frozen creature innawe and horror. \" I never thought I'd live to see one. Who, ornwhat could have done this?\" Thenunicorn was on its side in the same position it had fallen, partiallynlocked in ice. A hazy halo of red surrounded its body and its mouthnwas open in a silent scream, and where its horn had been was a blacknjagged stump coated in ice. To Lilly's shock, its eye was open, anlarge black orb that stared accusingly at her. She could see herselfnreflected upon the glassy surface, a pale-faced girl fighting backntears. She did not answer the hunter, not trusting herself to speak. \"nMy lady, what has happened here?\" Drake placed a heavy hand uponnher shoulder. \" Were you a witness to this unicorn's death?\" Lillynnodded fiercely and pointed ahead. \" The murderer went that way. Inhave means of following it, for it took the last unicorn with it.\" Drakenregarded her thoughtfully and spoke in a solemn tone. \"Tracking thenmurderer will be difficult, if not pointless as the snow would havenerased any tracks he would've made.\" \"nI don't care,\" Lilly interrupted, frowning. \" I must find thenbeast that killed the unicorn before it kills the other one, and Inwill do so with or without your help!\" Drakentook a step back and bowed respectfully. \"My apologies fornupsetting you. Well, shall we begin?\" He carefully walked aroundnthe frozen unicorn and began in the direction Lilly pointed. Lillynwas glad to be moving. She hung back and watched Drake trudge throughnthe snow, pausing once in a while to inspect markings upon a treentrunk or wait for her to catch up. As they traveled further into thenforest, the hunter picked up his pace. Atnlast, Drake stopped and looked around. Lilly came up beside him,npanting for breath and slightly doubled over. When she looked up,nhowever, she gasped with fright. Farnin the distance stood a massive oak tree the likes of which Lilly hadnnever seen. The trunk was bulging outwards, capable of housing ansmall town within its base. Overheard was a maze of twisted limbsnthat spread overhead and reached for the black sky. The tree sat innthe middle of a filthy swamp, the black waters tinged with white. \"What—Whatnis this place?\" Drakensnaked an arm around Lilly's shoulders and his face was aglow withnpride and pleasure. \" Why Lilly,\" he crooned, his voice droppingninto a sensual baritone. \" This is your new home.\" Thenprincess opened her mouth to protest but froze when she saw Drake'snhair shrink into his head. His skin faded into a bright red, likenfresh blood, and a pair of thick black horns began pushing throughnhis skull. He grew several more feet and his clothes writhed andnturned into an elegant robe. The arm around Lilly's shouldersnthickened and pulled her closer into a sinister embrace. The hunternhad become a demon. Lillynsqueaked, her eyes bulging in fear. She couldn't take her eyes offnthat heavily chiseled face or the dark eyes and protruding horns. Hernmind reeled; it was too much and her legs gave out beneath her asndarkness consumed her.[Chapter 4] Promise Promise? Jackncould tell his mentor, the Gump, was upset. The elf's delicate handnwas curled around the pommel of the short sword he was never seennwithout, and by now the knuckles had become as white as the snowsnthat whirled outside. A tiny wrinkle only Jack could see had formednbetween the elf's brows, and a deep sorrow had crept into Gump'sneyes. By the time Jack was finished with his tale, the elf's handnupon the sword was visibly trembling, but with rage or grief Jack didnnot know. He squirmed uncomfortably beneath Gump's troubled starenand looked away as his face grew hot with shame. He heard the Gump'snslow and deliberate steps across the wooden floors, and cringed whenna shock of icy wind briefly assailed him as the door opened andnclosed with a shudder. BrownnTom detached himself from the shadowy walls and when Jack looked upnat him, he was relieved to see a warm smile on the old elf's face. \" Here, lad, drink this,\" Brown Tom said softly as henrevealed a small flask from the numerous folds of his jacket. \"nEases the pain, it will, me best batch o' Elderberry Wyne.\" Thenliquid scented of plump berries ripening in the sun and tasted sweetnand pure as spring rain. A cozy warmth began to spread throughoutnJack's cold limbs and the constant pain in his arm became a dullnthrob, much to his relief. Jack swallowed a few more gulps beforenreluctantly handing back the flask, and glanced about the small room.nNell was seated by the fire and watching intently with her handsnshoved into the pockets of her apron. Standing against the walls werenthree more elves Jack recognized, a haggard looking elf namednThistledown and the twins, Screwball and Oddball. Perched delicatelynupon the foot of his bed was Oona, a fair skinned fairy whose wingsntwitched nervously behind her. \"nNow don't ye fret about Gump, me lad,\" Brown Tom said as Jacknraised his worried eyes to the door. \" He won't stay mad fornlong, 'specially out there.\" \" I've never seen him like that before,\" Jack observed quietly. \"nWith the death of the unicorn, Darkness has declared war. Again,\"nThistledown said suddenly and received an uneasy glance from BrownnTom. The squat old elf stomped to Jack's bedside and his beadynblack eyes stared coldly at him from within a wrinkled, hairy face. \"nYou had no clue what the Unicorns were holdin' back, do ya?\"nThistledown barked in a gruff voice. \" Thought it real nice to shown'em off to yer lady friend, not knowin' the blood price—\" \"nEnough,\" Brown Tom snapped as he glared at the ancient elf. \"nJack knows what he done and he don't need ya spittin' it in hisnface!\" Thistledownnregarded the two coolly in silent anger, then whirled on his heel andnfollowed Gump out through the door, slamming it behind him. Thenensuing silence threatened to smother Jack who burned with unanswerednquestions. \"nI know about Darkness, but only what Gump told me,\" he said tonBrown Tom. \" What was Thistle talking about?\" \"nWas a long time ago, lad, when we elves were a wee bit younger, andnGump wasn't the elf ye know. Darkness 'n his kind ruled the land,nuntil the Unicorns came about 'n locked his kind away wit their ownnsouls.\" Brown Tom's eyes clouded at the memories and he shook hisnhead sadly. \"Lost many a good elf those days, we did.\" \"nSo the Unicorns are like keys that—\" \"—Holdnthe monsters at bay. Darkness wants the land as it was, and thenbastard'll get his wish if he kills the other one.\" Jack'snstomach gave a sickening lurch as fear gripped his heart. He wasnspeechless as the elf's words seeped into his mind and he sunk backnamong the pillows in defeat. It was nearly overwhelming. Suddenly,nthe door flew open with a bang and Gump stepped into the smallncottage amid a flurry of snow and cold. \" The sun is rising,\" henannounced in a relieved and strangely detached voice. Jacknsat up again as the small room erupted into cheer. Nell clasped hernhands hopefully as Brown Tom and the twins shouted with joy. Oonansquealed with delight and rushed out the door on bare feet to see fornherself. Jacknturned to Brown Tom who was grinning wildly. \" What does thatnmean?\" \"Means there's hope, lad!\" Brown Tom answerednmerrily. \" The Unicorn still lives!\" Jack's face split intona grin at the news and waned when Gump approached his bedside.nSomething dark and troubling clouded the elf's eyes and he starednat Jack unseeing, as if reliving a nightmare only he could see. Butnwhen Gump blinked his eyes, the darkness had gone and he smilednbriefly. \"nGet up, Jack, as this may be the last time the sun rises.\" \"nYou sure it's a good idea for him to come with us, Gump?\" Oddballnquestioned and cast a warning glance at the boy's bandaged arm. \"nThe cold'll bother that arm, it will.\" Gumpnopened his mouth to reply but Jack answered in a determined voice. \"nI'm going with you anyway. The least I can do for my mistake, andnbesides, Lily's out there…somewhere.\" \"Ah,nwell said, Jack!\" Brown Tom clapped the boy on the shoulder thennstood up. \" Sooner we leave, the better.\" Oddballnlooked at Jack's arm again but said nothing as the boy slowly easednhimself out of bed. Nell hurried to his side and draped a heavy furncloak about his shoulders. She fixed him with a warm and searchingngaze as she reached into her apron pockets. \"nBefore she left,\" Nell began in a soft voice, \" Lily gave me thisnring to give you to keep. 'Tis a vow to love ye forever, Jack, anpromise of the heart.\" She pulled out a leather necklace on whichnhung a gold ring encrusted with small rubies. Hisnheart fluttering wildly in his chest, Jack bowed his head reverentlynas Nell slipped the necklace onto his neck. \"Thank you, Nell.\" Henthen turned to Gump and took a deep breath. \" I'm ready.\" Outside,nthe snow had stopped falling, and the sun was a warm welcome to Jack.nOona stood not far from the cottage with her back towards the smallngroup, her translucent wings sparkling in the sunlight. Gump marchednthrough the glittering snow and stood beside her. \"nIt's time for us to go now, Oona,\" Gump said tenderly. Oonanwatched the sunrise for a bit longer and spoke without looking atnhim, and her blue eyes glistened with unshed tears. \" The light'snweakening, Gump,\" she squeaked as she turned to him and sniffed. \"nI don't like this cold, dead world. It frightens me.\" \"Don'tnbe frightened, little one,\" Gump said reassuringly and gentlynpulled the small fairy into a protective embrace. \" Remember, Inwill always keep you safe. Always…\" Simple Conversation Thensun was nothing but an orange sphere that hung halfway in the sky,ndespite it being dawn. Storm clouds hovered nearby and threatened tonblot out the sun, and the sky was an angry red. On the outskirts ofnthe forest, the sun's light was too weak to penetrate the hazy mistnthat shrouded the Great Tree, let alone shine on the putrid swamp thenmassive oak sat in. In this part of the land, the night was eternal. ThenGreat Tree was a sight unto itself. Only the top half was abovenground, yet its branches snaked out in all directions. The rest ofnthe tree was locked in the earth, its roots planted firmly in thenunderworld, where the Lord of Darkness plotted and longed fornfreedom. Innthe bowels of the world, Darkness brooded once more. He was seatednbefore a great fireplace and stared unseeing into the dancing flames.nHe sensed the changing of the world, of what the unicorn's deathnhad brought. Yet he was not pleased. He wanted more. He wanted…her. \"nFather,\" Darkness intoned, \" the fate of the world is in myngrasp. The Binding grows weak, and when the black moon rises, ournbrethren shall walk the earth once more. But this girl—this beautiful girl—distracts me. It has been anneternity since I felt such desire. What am I to do?\" Thenflames before the dark lord roared in response and with it, a voicenthat came snarling into existence. \" Shenfascinates you because her soul is pure. She remembers the world asnit was. Make her forget…make her one of usss…\" Darknessnhalf rose from his throne, his voice thick with desire. \" I'llntake her then.\" \"Fool!\" The flames leapt higher and burned with unseen anger. \"nYou must charm her…win her. Then, she will be yoursss…\" Lilynawoke with a startled gasp and sat up. She was in a large four posternbed beneath silky black sheets that clung to her damp skin. The airnwas warm and smelled of earth after a summer's rain. Lily slid outnof bed cautiously, her bare feet touching cold stone, and stood uponnshaky legs. Thenchamber was well lit with tall candelabras and a majestic fireplacenbefore the bed. Several tapestries hung from the walls depictingndemonic creatures warring with beings of light, and numerous marblenstatuettes posed elegantly on their pedestals about the room. Twinnstatues of wolves with twisting horns flanked the fireplace, theirnjaws open in a horrific grin. Lily stared at the wolves as fear creptnalong her spine, and whirled around with a fearful yelp when the twinndoors silently swung open. Anbreath of warm air greeted Lily's face, and shadows flickered alongnthe far wall outside of her chamber. She waited a moment longer andnthen stepped cautiously onto the threshold, and stared down thenwinding steps that led away from her chamber. There was no one exceptnherself, and with her heart pounding she began to descend. Not farnbehind her, the double doors of the chamber closed as if by unseennhands, and Lily knew there was no going back. Thensteps were made of stone and were pleasantly warm beneath Lily'snfeet. The walls were hard packed earth and embedded with thickncrawling roots. The further Lily crept down the steps, the brighternit became until she reached the last steps and stood at the thresholdnof a magnificent dining hall. Flamesncrackled and danced in a fireplace as high as Lily was tall, if notnmore, and fat marble pillars spiraled upwards into the darkness.nScattered throughout the hall were marble and stone statues of wingednbeings and snarling monsters. The hall looked of something from andream, ethereal and dark in its beauty. \"I trust you sleptnwell.\" Withna shriek, Lily whirled around and stared into the dark glitteringneyes of Drake, the hunter she had met in the forest. His gazensteadily bore down on her as she steadily backed away from him, andnher mind frantically tried to remember what happened. His face. Therenwas something sinister about his face… \"nThis is my home,\" Drake explained upon seeing the confusion onnLily's face. \" And I bid you welcome.\" Lilynfrowned and shook her head as she struggled to recall those lastnmoments before she blacked out, filled with a sense of urgency. \"nNo. This—This isn't right. The unicorns. We were—\" \"Lookingnfor them, yes,\" Drake continued with a dismissive flip of his handnas he brushed past her. \" Well, one of them at least. However, thenwintry cold and exhaustion proved too much for you and you collapsed.nThe palace was too far to take you there, so I brought you to my homeninstead.\" Drakenpaused and half turned to the princess with a slightly amused look.n\"Are you going to just stand there, or have supper with me?\" \"There'snno time for this,\" Lily snapped impatiently. \" I need to find thenlast unicorn, before that—that thing kills it!\" \"nIf it eases your mind, the unicorn is here,\" Drake said coolly,nignoring her outburst. \"The mare is kept safely in the lowernchambers.\" \"What?nYou're lying. How could it be here?\" Lily demanded, unsettled bynDrake's cool detachment. \"If you speak the truth, then show menwhere the unicorn is.\" \"nI will,\" Drake replied as he approached a long dinner tablenburdened with food. \" Once you sit and have supper with me. Younmust be starving.\" Thenthought of food faded Lily's anger, and her stomach cramped andngrowled at the feast laid out upon the table. \" Why won't younshow me the unicorn now?\" \"nWhy can't we just sit and have simple conversation?\" Drake pickednup a silver pitcher, and poured its dark liquid contents into a glassngoblet. \"Then I will take you to see the mare.\" He held out thengoblet, offering it to her with eternal patience. Lilynhesitated before crossing the hall, and under Drake's watchfulngaze, gingerly took the goblet from him hand. \"I have nothing tontalk about,\" she muttered. \"Ofncourse you do,\" Drake assured her in a low voice. \"Whatever younlike to discuss. Now sit and share your thoughts with me.\" Henquickly turned and settled into a regal chair before Lily couldnreply, watching her expectantly. Notnknowing what else to do, Lily stood beside an elaborately carvednchair on the other end of the table. It was massive in itsnappearance, black and ominous looking. She lowered herself into thenchair and sipped from her goblet while Drake watched in silentntriumph. ","Summary":" Prologue:nThe Doom of Innocence \"nIn the beginning, there was eternal darkness, a world of unimagi"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"Where the Wild Roses Grow","Author":"sassanachs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8534448","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Awesome! I'm the fourth person to bring in a \"Lawless\" story!:D It's Forrest/OC and I know that it's not much at the moment, but I hope guys will like it and enjoy reading:D Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Basically the ratings are going to go up and down like a roller coaster. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. Over & Out I've known the Bondurant brothers since I could remember. It's quite a funny story the way we met. Our daddies had been friends when they got into the farming-and moonshine- business together ever since daddy moved us from Rocky Mount to Blackwater Creek. When he told the Bondurants that he had a child, I believe the boys were expecting me to be a boy like themselves. I might as well have been considered one when I was a little girl. I preferred my overalls and my worn-out newsboy cap, instead of the frilly gingham dresses that mama tried to make wear back then. Well, when we arrived, you could only imagine their faces when they first saw me. What would happen next would surprise them even more. Mouth wide open like a fish gasping for air, Howard had pointed his finger at me and exclaimed, \"You're a girl!\" What I did next was probably not the most ladylike and polite thing to do, but back then I didn't care if I was supposed to be a lady. I glared at him, shouting, \"And you're a boy!\" and punched him square in the nose. Mama wouldn't let me out of the house after the incident; eventually, when I was finally released after doing my time, I met the Bondurants again along with their friend Cricket and this time they said they approved of me and that I could hang out with them. That was how our friendship began. Farm work, exploring the woods, sneaking out at night sipping moonshine- that was the way things were between us: me, Howard, Jack, Cricket… and Forrest. They were my fondest memories of Blackwater. As we grew older we remained the same; however, things started to change between Forrest and I. Out of the boys I was closer to him, yet I no longer saw him as just my friend. I began to see him as something more. He became my rock when my parents' marriage began to deteriorate from bad to worse. I loved him for everything he was and what he did to try to protect me. But what he didn't know was that he couldn't protect me from my desire to leave Franklin County. It's funny; I never realized how much I was like my mother until then. I was beginning to tire of the same old routine that Franklin gave me. I wanted to travel to places like in the books that I read. I wanted to go the big cities like New York and Chicago and live. I wanted to see the world. As much as I cared for Forrest and my friends, I knew I couldn't stand another minute living in Blackwater; and so, in the dead of night I ran… Fifteen years later, driving along dirt road, I begin to wonder if I made the right decision as I return home after so long. If going back was even the right choice. Did he move on? Is he married with children running all around the station? I do not know. I'm honestly afraid to know. I can only hope that I am devoid of any chance meeting. I know that if it ever happens, nothing good could ever come out of this predicament. For any of the three of us. Love? Hate? Hope it's alright. Review plz:)![Chapter 2] Hello again! Okay so to start, I'm really, really happy that you guys like Rage and Serenity, so I will continue! So happy about the pace this is going, and I hope you like the new cover. A friend of mine made it for me and I just absolutely adore it. Unfortunately it got cut off, but if you would like to see the entire image, I'll give the link at the end of this chapter. Enjoy:D Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. Over & Out It's been seventeen years since I've last seen Franklin County. The dusty roads and dry atmosphere, the moss covered woods, the town- it was the way the last time I left it. Nothing had changed, yet it felt so strange coming back. I felt out of place and that I was never from here. I smiled bitterly at the irony of it all. Oh, excuse me for being rude. My name is Rosalie Rakes. Please, call me Rose. Back when I lived in Franklin, I was Rose Thomas. Returning home was never my intention, but how queer fate's course can work. If you would like to hear my story, then please relax and we shall begin. I was born in Bedford, Virginia on January 19th, 1898 to Anderson Thomas and Lenora Thomas nee Merrill. My mother had come from a prominent family from Bedford County- as she called about meeting my father, that it was a matter of convenience. According to the story, my mother was engaged to another man whom she didn't love. She would constantly argue with my grandparents about the arrangement. She wanted to be married and start a family with someone that she would love until the day she died. A romantic sentiment that I'm sure her parents found absurd. One night, in an act of rebellion, my mother disobeyed my grandparents and went out with her friends for a dance. That was where she met my father, a young country boy from Rocky Mount. They danced the rest of the night away, they got drunk, and well… one thing led to another. To be honest I was completely mortified when I discovered that it was how I came into the world. When my grandparents discovered the pregnancy, they were furious with their daughter. They wanted her to get rid of the baby, but she refused. She proclaimed that she wanted to keep me, and that she loved my father. In order to avoid a scandal, they broke off the previous engagement, and quietly my parents were married. Then, Daddy moved his new wife and child to live in his newly built farmhouse. Those were my earliest memories of when my parents were happy and in love. But as the years went on, Mama grew to be bitter about her situation, yearning for the old life she once had. After the premature death of my younger brother, Carson, from pneumonia, it grew worse. Daddy was desperate to see her happy again. And so, he went out to search for new sights to see. Along the way, he met a farmer by the name of Bondurant from Blackwater. Bondurant had also part of some type of business that Mama considered 'sinful', but Daddy didn't care. Working in moonshine along with farming exhilarated him. With his mind made up, he moved us to live and work in Blackwater Creek. And thus I began a new chapter in my life with the Bondurants. \"Quit frowning like that! Such a look will remain permanent on your face.\" I was pulled out of my reverie by the voice of my husband, Special Deputy Charley Rakes. I glanced out of the corner of my eye to see him glaring at me from the rear view mirror. \"I'm merely enjoying the scenery.\" I said as I smiled a smile that didn't reach my eyes. Charley scoffed and said, \"This dump?\" \"It's quite a lovely place to go to if you want to leave the city for a while-\" \"Rosebud, do try to remember that we are not here for leisure.\" He said tersely, turning his eyes away from me to look out at the front of the car. \"This is strictly work related- nothing else. Understand?\" I didn't answer. I rolled my eyes and went back to staring out the car seat window. He was right, of course. We were only here because Charley had been called to check into the moonshine business on the behalf of Virginia's new attorney, Mason Wardell. I didn't have to come along for the trip, but Charley insisted. Because by his words, he said that he didn't trust me to be all alone in a big city like Chicago. I grimaced at the thought. I was certain that he thought that while he would be away, I would see my 'long string of lovers'. Did my husband truly think that about me? In truth, he did. It's been that way between us for the past five years since- no. I mustn't think about that. It was all in the past, but it's still too painful to think about. Besides, even if I had thought about it in the first, I would've never thought about returning to Franklin. I know that I've hurt so many people when I left. And I pray to God that Charley never finds out that I was originally from here. That he was unintentionally taking me back home. Charley hated the country and it's country bumpkin hillbillies\". I could only imagine how he would react if he ever discovered where his wife truly came from. It wasn't always like this, you see. We were happy once. We met after my first year of living in Chicago. I was still working as a seamstress for a shop on Chicago Street, trying to make rent to keep living in an all-women's boarding house. One night as I was walking home after work, a man came up forcing me to give him all of my money. I gave it to him so I could be able to save myself, but he wasn't finished with me. He pulled me back into him and entered an alley. I tried to fight him off of me, but it only amused him more. Just before he assaulted me, another man came up from behind my attacker and pulled him off of me. With the man beaten and unconscious, my savior helped off the ground and asked if I was alright. I was astounded by everything that I could nod and stare. The gentleman then introduced himself and asked if I needed to be escorted home. I couldn't believe what was happening! Here was a man- a man who has treated me like a lady for the very first time since I've arrived in Chicago- that saved me then offered to walk me home. It was as if he came out of from one of my novels! I was absolutely enchanted. The next day, I saw Charley at work. He said that his coat pocket was torn, and needed to be stitched. And he would allow no one else but me to repair it. When I returned home that night, the first of the roses came. As the days went by as I fixed his pocket, he would visit me every day during my break, and would invite me to lunch. And there would be roses waiting for me at the boarding house. Even after I finished the job, he would continue the routine: Charley would come and take me to lunch and then after work, he would be by the stoop to drive me home, and I would be greeted by roses. He also said that he adored my eyes, and that they were the color of cornflowers; as a result, cornflowers began showing up alongside the roses. I had so many flowers that my room began to smell like a greenhouse! With the flowers he would buy me beautiful and expensive things likes dresses, shoes, and jewelry. All of the girls at the boarding house grew extremely jealous of the attention that Charley lavished upon me, but I simply could've cared less. I was in love. It was everything that I ever dreamed of. Charley seemed to be everything that I'd dreamed of. He was the fairytale prince, come to carry me away and make me a princess. After only knowing each other for three months, we were engaged and finally married. As I look back at the memories and glance at the back of Charley's head, I begin to wonder what happened between us. Why did he have to do this to us? I was still a good and faithful wife to him, no matter what he did. Why couldn't he do the same for me? Was it possible that there was a chance to go back to the way things were for us? No. In the back of my mind, I knew that chance was forever gone. I was merely fooling myself. As I stared out at the road, I noticed that we passed the motel. I looked up ahead, and it was then I began to notice a pathway. A very familiar pathway I once took a long time ago, and hasn't disappeared from my mind. It was one that would lead me to very old friends… \"Sheriff!\" I cried out, startling Sheriff Hodges, Charley, and Wardell. \"Where are we going? I thought we were going to stop at the motel to unpack? Why you've just passed it!\" \"Rose, please calm down!\" I faintly heard Charley hiss then apologizing to Hodges about my 'behavior'. I was beginning to panic. My heart was thrumming against my chest so hard, that I thought it was going to burst open. 'Please God don't let this happen now… not now…' \"Don't worry Mrs. Rakes,\" Hodges laughed nervously. \"I just gotta make one stop and then we'll be on our way. Just need to go tell someone about our new visitor.\" \"And who is it I might ask?\" Charley asked stiffly. I sucked in a breath and fruitlessly prayed that Hodges wouldn't say who I thought it was. \"The Bondurants,\" replied Hodges, who then muttered to himself, \"Forrest sure ain't gonna like this. Not one bit.\" I sighed and slunk back into the cushioned seat. I put my face in one hand, and then slowly brought it up to massage away the headache that had formed. I knew that it was bound to happen. That somehow I was going to accidentally bump into one of the Bondurants brothers. I just didn't realize that it would be this soon. I wasn't even sure if I would be able to face them; if I was even going to be able to face Forrest Bondurant. Forrest… his name almost sounded foreign to me. Does he ever think about me? Does he even remember me? Did he move on? Is he married with children running all around the station? I do not know. I'm honestly afraid to know. My heart suddenly clenched at the thought. I actually began to hope- pray even- that Forrest doesn't remember me. It would help me to endure this predicament somewhat. Yet why at the mention of the thought it makes my heart break? I didn't have any more time to think about it as I saw Blackwater Station enter our view. I gulped at the mere sight of it. My eyes widen as I saw a hulking figure in a cardigan and fedora smoking a cigar, watching us drive in. God help me… Link to story cover (just take out the spaces): lj-todd .deviantart art /Fire -In -The -Blood -327989913[Chapter 3] Hello again! I'm sorry that this chapter is a little late, but now I present a new chapter and it's all good! Yes everyone, Forrest finally makes his appearance;D. Also, there's a bit of a flashback in the beginning that is based on a scene from the movie \"Stand By Me\". I hope that's alright because it's one of my favorite scenes and I that it could work for this. I hope everyone likes the new chapter, and I'll try to update as quick as I can next time;) Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. Over & Out 1910 Pit clack-pit clack. \"Rose! Rosie…\" Pit clack-pit clack. \"Rose!\" A young girl tossed in her bed as she tried to ignore the pebble hitting her window. She groaned and buried her head in her pillow as more pebbles hit her window. Finally, as she grumbled incoherently, the little girl slid out of bed and stumbled over to her window. She opened it and glared at the unruly fifteen year old boy who disturbed her sleep. \"What choo want Forrest?\" she grumbled. \"Hurry up and get dressed!\" said Forrest excitedly. \"There's something I gotta show ya!\" \"This early in the morning?\" Rose hissed. \"Will you come on?\" Forrest rolled his eyes then muttering to himself, \"Girls…\" which earned him to have an object thrown at his head. \"Ow!\" \"It was just washing soap you big baby! I didn't throw that hard.\" Rose huffed as she turned around to snatch up the overalls that she left on her rocking chair the night before. Shoes in one hand and newsboy cap in the other, she tiptoed down the hall and the stairs quietly. In the living parlor, she could see her father asleep on the couch, a bottle of whiskey still in his hand. The girl of only thirteen could only sigh. It was a pitiful sight. Rose thought that he must've decided to sleep there after the latest fight with her mother. Clearing her thoughts with a shake of her head, Rose walked out of the house to find Forrest long gone. It didn't bother her. She knew where he would be waiting for her. She ran down along the dusty road that trailed beside Maggodee Creek, which led down south to Grassy Hill. Finally from a distance, she could see Forrest sitting on the ground, smoking a cigarette. \"About time!\" Forrest exclaimed, getting up and discarding the cigarette against the ball of his foot. Rose rolled her eyes. \"Just show me what you've got.\" Forrest shrugged his shoulders and rummaged through his sack for what he was searching for. When he finally found it and took it out, Rose gasped at the sight of it. Forrest grinned like a madman at the sight of his friend's face. \"It's a real Smith & Wesson.\" Rose marveled at the sight of the gun. She had seen many of the shotguns and revolvers that belonged to her father, but this felt so different seeing one so close. She took it from Forrest's hands. She held it in her hands then positioned it, as if she was getting ready to shoot \"Where d'you get that?\" \"Howard found it over at Smith Mountain. Stole it from his room while he was still asleep.\" \"Pcgouh!\" Rose imitated the gun. Then, she glanced over to the side. Beside near the hill laid the home of Cricket Pate's Aunt Winnie, an old bat whose senses was still as sharp as a knife. 'If that gun went off, Lord knows what would happen if Aunt Winnie heard,' thought Rose. Looking straight back in the gun's direction, she asked Forrest \"Is it loaded?\" \"Hell, no! Howard should've unloaded it last night. Who d'you think I am-\"Yet as Rose pulled the trigger, Forrest's confident smirk turned into a look of surprise when the gun actually fired. \"JESUS!\" They exclaimed when suddenly they heard something. Looks of horror painted their faces when they saw Aunt Winnie coming out of the house. \"Let's get of here! Come on!\" Rose exclaimed and the two sprinted down the hill. Forrest laughed as they ran down the hill, the excitement and adrenaline of it all coursing through his veins. \"Rose did it!\" He shouted. \"Rosalie Thomas' is gonna shoot up Blackwater Creek!\" \"Shut up!\" \"What's going on? Who shot that?!\" They could hear her croak as they ran faster. Finally out of earshot and sight in the woods, they stopped for breath. \"You should've seen your face! Oh man!\" Forrest still cackled. Rose felt her anger and irritation rise. She walked over to him and pushed him against his chest. \"You knew it was loaded, you jerk!\" She yelled. \"I can't believe that I even fell for it! Now I'm gonna get in trouble after Aunt Winnie caught me!\" \"Aw come on, Rosie! She probably didn't see you!\" \"I don't care! It was a mean trick! I can't believe you would do something like that.\" Rose shoved the gun back into his hands. She was about to leave him to go home, when she all of a sudden felt him grab her wrist. She turned her head and glared at him. \"Rosie wait-\"Forrest said, actually sounding like that he was sorry. \"I really didn't know that the gun was loaded. Honest.\" Rose fully turned her body around to face him. She just frowned at him, not sure if he was telling her the truth or not. \"You swear?\" She asked. \"Yeah, I swear.\" He told her, but she only shook her head. \"That's not good enough. Do you swear on your mother's grave?\" \"Yeah.\" Rose held up her pinky and said with such a solemn look on her face, \"Pinky swear?\" \"Pinky swear,\" Forrest pecked his pinky with his lips, and then hooked it along with hers. Feeling satisfied with his answer, Rose continued to look at him. Then, a cheeky grin began to form. \"I guess that was kinda funny, huh?\" Forrest grinned, happy to know that his best friend was no longer upset with him. \"Yeah,\" He chortled. \"You should've seen the look on your face! You looked like you just got caught in only your bloomers.\" \"I did not!\" Rose replied, a look of mock shock upon her face. Then she grinned and pushed him slightly. She ran away shouting, \"You're it!\" Forrest mockingly glared at the retreating girl. He threw down the gun and shouted after her, \"I'm gonna get you!\" The two friends chased after each other for the rest of that morning, enjoying the summer sun and the others company. The gun was left completely forgotten. ****** Present I watched from inside the car as Hodges spoke to Forrest about what was going on. Charley was standing outside, appearing to be bored, and wanting to be somewhere else. I felt on edge as I looked on, waiting for Forrest to say something to Charley or look back at Wardell. I was happy about one thing though: when he had previously looked at Wardell, he didn't see me. Or at least I hope he didn't. I watched Forrest from the corner of my eye. It was hard to read him. He looked either as if he wasn't too happy about the new situation, or if he simply didn't care. He had changed greatly. He was no longer the skinny teenager with a mischievous grin. He appeared older, more mature-like than he once was. He was bulkier, had a bit of a scruff, and his entire face and eyes were reserved and cold. There was no trace of the Forrest Bondurant that I once knew- the one that I used to call my Forrest. But I couldn't call him that anymore, could I? I was someone's wife, and by the looks of it, as my eyes flickered over to the redheaded woman watching the scenario, he belonged to someone else. My heart clenched painfully at the sight of her. She was quite a pretty thing. Red curls that formed a bob, ruby red lips, a lean body, and pale pale skin- I could imagine why Forrest chose her to be his… to be his wife. I had to turn my gaze back to what was going on. I couldn't look at her. The thought of her and Forrest made my heart break. I shook my head, disgusted at myself. I shouldn't feel like this. I was the one that left. I was the one that changed everything between us. There is no now between us. We had both moved on. I kept repeating this in my head when I suddenly saw my husband walking closer to Forrest. Then, he poked him on the shoulder. And Forrest gave him a death glare that spoke of murder. 'Damn it to hell Charley! ' I mentally cursed by husband. Before I knew it, I had jumped out of the car. \"Darling!\" I called out, catching everyone's attention. Charley glanced at me with annoyance clear in his eyes. I walked over to stand beside him, ignoring the way he looked at me. \"Rosebud, what are you doing? I thought I told you to stay inside the car?\" He asked me, a light scolding laced in his voice. Before I could reply, he had returned his attention back to Forrest and Hodges. \"Forgive my wife. She's been a bit out of sorts since we've arrived…\" As Charley chattered on, I was able to catch a glimpse of Forrest staring at me. For a moment, I thought I saw a flash of recognition in his eyes before they switched back to their cold demeanor. I was lost in my own reverie that I almost didn't hear Charley speaking to me. \"Rosalie? Why don't you say hello to Mr. Bondurant?\" I snapped out of it as I looked at Charley, and then back to Forrest. I slowly extended my hand to him. \"How do you do, Mr. Bondurant?\" I replied, smiling a small polite smile. Charley looked on intensely, waiting to see what would unfold. Forrest merely looked at my hand in silence. Sheepishly, I looked away and retracted my hand back to my side. \"Beautiful, isn't she?\" Charley said, almost to himself. I slightly cringed and said, \"Charley please,\" as he kissed me upon the cheek. Thankfully, he didn't notice it, and then he snaked his arm around my waist possessively. I heard Forrest grunt something that sounded like it could've been a response, and then going back to speaking to Hodges. I remained silent as I watched them when I felt Charley's arm slip from my waist. I immediately turn to him as I watched him stepping away to take a closer look at the red-haired woman. I watched on a she appeared to be uncomfortable under my husband's gaze. I look away and pursed my lips together in displeasure. But it wasn't at her, but to my dear husband. No matter how much I wanted it to stop, it wasn't in my power. Charley made it apparent that he no longer cared for me, yet as a devout Catholic, he wouldn't divorce me. Yet ironically because of the predicament, he would look for pleasure elsewhere. And so, I had to learn how to cast a blind eye; otherwise if I didn't, things wouldn't turn out well in my favor. As I looked back and then looked away again, I caught Forrest looking at me looking Charley. He glanced at Charley, and grunted in displeasure. 'I don't blame him,' I thought to myself. 'My husband is checking out his wife.' Snapping out of it, I looked away again as I heard Abshire telling Forrest that Wardell would like to try some of their apple brandy. I watched him walk over to the car, and telling Wardell something that sounded like a threat. I had to bite my lip to keep from smiling when he called Charley \"your clown with the bowtie.\". He walked back over to the front of the station, telling the woman, Maggie, to go back inside. \"Forrest you're making a big mistake-\"Hodges tried to reason, but was completely ignored. \"You're gonna regret this.\" \"Oh don't worry, Sheriff. He's already regretting it. He's just too ignorant to know it yet.\" Charley replied, thinking as if Forrest will come around, and agree to the terms about the still and the money. I knew better though. Hell would freeze over before Forrest and the others would bend to their will. We were going to be here for a very long time. Then, as if things couldn't get any worse, Forrest turned back around and glared at my husband. \"You thinking of drawing on me?\" Charley asked, as if he were challenging Forrest. \"Charley please let's just go,\" I said, praying that he would back down. I looked at Forrest, and then back at Charley. \"Sweetheart, we should get going. We don't want to waste their time with our presence for so long, do we?\" \"Please…\" This had to end before things got out of hand. Finally, Charley looked down at me with a tight smile. \"Come along, Rosebud,\" he said, as he took me by the hand to lead me back to the car. The worst was finally over. I have seen him. We have both seen each other again for the very first time in years. I thought that perhaps I could be at peace after the ordeal, but now- I felt empty. And I didn't know what to do. As the car started, I could see Forrest watching us as we were leaving. No, he wasn't watching all of us. He wasn't looking at Charley, or Wardell, or even Hodges. He was looking straight at me . And there was nothing in the world that I wanted more, than to know what he thought of me in that precise moment. I hope everyone enjoyed this new chapter, and plz review:D[Chapter 4] Hello again! Happy Friday! I give you another update. To tell you the truth, I really don't like how I've ended this chapter. I was tired and I wanted to give you guys something just because you've been so awesome.:) Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. Over & Out \"There's something about that hick that I simply don't like.\" I stopped brushing my hair, and look at my husband from the vanity mirror. He was reading reports as he drank his brandy. He had a look of complete concentration upon his face, with a hint of a scowl upon it. I sighed and returned to what I was doing as I prepared for bed. Ever since we arrived at the motel, Charley began complaining about Forrest. It was becoming tiresome, and was driving me on edge. I was tired of him speaking about Forrest in such a demeaning way. I may have nothing to do with Forrest and the Bondurants anymore, but that didn't mean that I stopped caring about them. Not to mention, I was afraid that if Charley kept carrying on about it, I would let something about my true origins slip, and then it would be all over. \"And why is that?\" I asked him. \"Other than that he doesn't care that much, and won't listen to you.\" Charley looked at me, watching me brush my hair. He stood up from his seat and walked up to stand behind me. He gently placed his hands upon my shoulders and said, \"I don't care for the way he looks at you.\" I froze for a slight moment before I regained my composure. So he had noticed… \"It was almost as if he had seen you before-\" \"That's ridiculous!\" I exclaimed, turning in the chair to fully face him. \"I've never seen him my entire life.\" I began to feel uncomfortable under Charley's gaze, and so I gave a soft laugh with a slight shake of the head and said, \"I'm sure it doesn't mean anything. Perhaps I remind him of someone. I have one of those faces, you know.\" \"Perhaps,\" Charley thought to himself, seeming satisfied with my answer. I mentally sighed in relief when it looked like that he would finally drop the issue. \"But you certainly don't have those faces.\" I furrowed my eyebrows at him, wondering what he was getting at. Charley danced his fingers along my along my throat. I gasped slightly as I watched him kiss my neck before closing my eyes in surrender. \"No, my sweet rose. That face of yours is simply one of a kind.\" He whispered, and for a moment, I was reminded of how he once was. \"To be honest, I was quite thrilled with how that hillbilly looked at you.\" \"Why?\" \"Did you see the way he looked at you?\" Charley whispered huskily in my ear. \"He couldn't take his eyes off of you… of us.\" He paused for a moment as he looked at me in the mirror. \"And I'm glad. I want him and other men to look at you. I want them to be envious. I want them all to see the one thing that I cherish most.\" Holding my chin, he turned me around slightly to face him. I gazed into his eyes, searching for any hint of the Charley Rakes that I met all those years ago. Then, he placed his lips against mine. I didn't like it. There was no warmth or passion in the kiss. It only held possession, as if he was only doing this to claim what was his. Finally breaking away, Charley looked at me as he stroked lightly my face, like I was made out of fragile glass. \"You must know how much you mean to me, don't you?\" He asked, almost like he was begging. Not knowing what else to do, I gave him a small smile and nodded my head. Satisfied with my answer, Charley left my side to go to the bathroom. Alone, I shuddered as if I were cold at what had just happened. I turned my head and casted my eyes away from my reflection. Consciously, I began fingering the gold chain that was around my neck, which hung something that reminded me of my roots that I wasn't able to let go of. It was something that reminded me of something that used to be mine. I smiled sadly as I realized it was probably the thing that gave me comfort these days. Looking at it, it made me wonder what he was doing at this moment, or what he was thinking about. Forrest Bondurant stood out on the porch, smoking a cigar and staring out into the night sky. He had already seen Maggie to her car and leaving. It was good thing he hired her to care of the place, since he, Howard, and Jack were rarely around. She was good and sweet woman, but she wasn't who the middle Bondurant was thinking about. No, he was thinking about the events of what happened that afternoon. He was thinking about someone whom he hadn't seen, or thought about in over seventeen years. Rosalie Thomas. Vivacious, beautiful Rosalie. Rosie… Memories from seventeen years ago flooded back to his mind, taking him back to a place he thought he had forgotten, and had wanted to forget after she left, but never could… a time before the Spanish Lady Flu came by Franklin, or before Forrest had even considered in taking the reigns as family patriarch. 1912 Seventeen year old Forrest Bondurant ran up to a tree, and glared at the figure sitting on a branch. Rose looked down with a mischievous grin, and stuck out her tongue at him. \"I win!\" \"That's cheatin' Rosalie Thomas, and you know it!\" Forrest growled. Rose merely giggled. \"Have you ever heard the phrase, 'survival of the fittest'?\" She teased. \"I just simply found a way to win, and I took the opportunity.\" \"Git down from there!\" \"Why don't ya come up and make me?\" Forrest looked up at her, getting frustrated but amused by the minute. He knew that girl knew that he didn't like dancing, didn't like showing public affection, and certainly didn't like climbing trees. But she still tries to vex and provoke him to do those things. His wild, crazy rose. \"Nuh-uh!\" \"What happen to being a Southern gentleman?\" \"You're lookin' in the wrong direction for one, Miss Thomas. Now will you come down?\" Rose sighed dramatically at her friend's antics. 'If you gotta get something done, then you mighta as well do it yourself.' She thought. She began climbing down the tree branch by branch. When she made down on the ninth branch, she heard something crack beneath her foot, and suddenly Rose found herself tumbling down to earth. Everything became slow to Forrest as he watched her fall, fear and panic filling his entire body. \"ROSE!\" He yelled. Forrest ran out to catch her, but it was too late, Rose landed on ground with a muffled scream and a sickening crack. Instant pain shot through Rose's body as she cried out in agony, holding her leg. She could barely hear Forrest saying sorry repeatedly. Checking for any further injuries, Forrest lifted Rose up off of the ground, and ran to get her to the nearest doctor. 888888888888888 Rose had decided that staying at the hospital was a strange way to spend her birthday. After the tree incident, Rose had to remain in the hospital for the next several days to recuperate. Her parents would visit her every day, and would try to be civil just for her sake. Jack, Cricket, and Jack's youngest sister, Emmy, would come and see her every day. Sometimes Howard would drop by. But Forrest never came to see her. Why? Rose's mother made it her mission to ban him from ever seeing her daughter. Though Rose was angry with her mother for not allowing Forrest to see her, she was disappointed. She had hoped that Forrest would find a way to sneak into the hospital to see her. She especially thought that he would make the effort to see her on her birthday. But here she was: lying on her hospital bed, waiting for sleep to consume her. Suddenly, a nurse appeared at the front of the door, asking, \"Ms. Thomas? There's someone here to see you.\" Rose furrowed her eyebrows in confusion. That was impossible. Visiting hours were over. Unless… Before Rose could think about it any further, her blue eyes lit up when Forrest walked in. His blue-green eyes wouldn't meet her light blue gaze as he fiddled with his fedora between his hands. Rose couldn't help but find the sight adorable. Finally, Forrest looked up at her. \"Hey.\" \"Hey yourself,\" Rose grinned. \"What're you doin' here? How were you able to get in?\" \"It's your birthday, ain't it?\" Forrest replied, sitting down on the edge of the bed. \"B'sides, I have my ways to get in.\" \"I'm sure you do,\" Rose rolled her eyes, but the grin still remained. When Rose looked at Forrest, she saw that he wasn't smiling that crooked grin that she loved so much. \"What's wrong?\" \"How can ya still talk to me?\" \"What're you talkin' about?\" Forrest motioned to her cast leg with the gesture of his hand. \"This thing? It's nothing.\" \"You wouldn't be here if I had caught you!\" He sighed. \"But it's not your fault!\" She argued. \"I should've have paid more attention to what I was doin'.\"\" Still ain't right,\" Forrest muttered, turning away from her. Rose sighed and grabbed his hand. \"Hey,\" Rose whispered. \"Will you look at me?\" Reluctantly, Forrest slowly turned his head to look at her again. Rose smiled and squeezed his hand in assurance. \"This ain't your fault,\" Forrest tried to say something else, but was cut off by the quick shake of Rose's head. \"And if you keep saying it is, I'm gonna punch you in the face.\" Forrest finally grinned at that, making the newly fifteen year old smile back. It became a comfortable silence between the two, when Forrest snapped his fingers together suddenly and exclaimed, \"Aw shit, I almost forgot!\" Forrest looked into his cardigan pocket. When he found what he was looking for, he simply placed it in Rose's hand. \"Happy birthday.\" Rose opened her hand and saw a beautiful wooden pendant. It was a bit larger than a thimble. It was made from cherry wood, and there was a painted white butterfly in the center. \"Forrest, it's beautiful…\" Rose said in awe, stroking the smooth wood against her thumb. \"It's why I didn't come see you sooner.\" Forrest explained. \"It's a locket. Here, I'll show you how it works.\" Forrest began playing and twisting with it. After he had pressed the right combination, the locket opened and revealed a small picture of him. \"You can add other pictures, but ah…\" Forrest began, scratching the back of his head as tried to find the right words. Rose could only smile at the big brute. \"It's sweet and so… very unForrest like of you.\" She said and kissed his cheek. \"Thank you. I shall treasure it always.\" \"There's one catch though.\" \"And what's that?\" \"You can only wear it if…\" \"If what?\" Forrest smirked. He leaned close and whispered in her ear, \"If you agree to be mine and no other man's.\" He began courting Rose after she was discharged. And from that day forward, they were attached to the hip, You wouldn't see one without the other. During the days, they would spend every moment together. At night, Forrest would lie next to Rose to comfort her when things at home would become worse. They had fallen hard and fast into young love. It was like one of those love stories that were in the books that she used to read, but they were far from perfect. Rose was strong willed and stubborn. Forrest was prideful and impatient. These traits caused the two to bump heads a lot, but their love and adoration for each other always saved them from themselves. It would remain that way until Rose left. Forrest closed his eyes when her loud, carefree laughter echoed through his mind. He cared for her, he did everything he could to make her happy- to make her feel that she was worth it. But then she left. She left Franklin. She left him. But she had come back. She came back as completely different person, with that clown as her husband. Forrest began to wonder if Rose still had the locket. He grunted and shook his head. She probably didn't. Remembering how much she hated Blackwater, she probably discarded it to a corner when that Rakes fellow probably showed her off with pretty sparkling diamonds. Just by the looks of her, she didn't look like the Rose that he once knew. Not his Rose. Still, Forrest couldn't shake off some of the old feelings upon seeing her again. She was so beautiful now than she had before… and so sad. Forrest was never quite good at reading people, but he was certain that he had seen a look of disgust and sadness upon Rose's face when she looked at her husband. She had appeared empty and hollow. The fire that had once burned in her icy blue eyes had extinguished. As Forrest stared out into the night, he began to wonder. Was there any inkling of the Rose that he knew deep down somewhere? Hope you guys enjoyed the new chapter, and sorry again for the crappy ending. The next update for next week will definitely be better! Also the locket is based on the one from the movie, \"The Illusionist\", and I had one question for you guys. Just a curious thought. Is there anything you would like to what happens? You know, besides seeing Rose and Forrest seeing each other behind Rakes' back- I know we all want to see that.:) Lol, seriously what do you want to see? I want this to be a story where my readers can interact and tell me what they want.;)[Chapter 5] Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. I will have one soon though! Over & Out 1913 \"Rosalie Faye! Just where do you think you're going?\" Rose cringed at the sharp demand of her mother's tone of being caught. She resisted the urge to roll her eyes as she slowly turned around to face her mother, and sighed. \"I'm going out.\" \"Out where?\" Mrs. Thomas asked, placing her hands on her hips with a scowl. \"I'm going out with Forrest. He's gonna teach me how to drive.\" Rose explained. Excitement and impatience was radiating from her. \"Oh no, you will not young lady!\" Mrs. Thomas narrowed her eyes at the thought. \"You best get back upstairs, and put on that new dress I got you. That nice young man Wingfield is coming over with his folks for dinner.\" \"Mama, I told you I wasn't interested in seeing him!\" Rose groaned. \"He has just returned home from the University of Virginia-\" \"Well good for him! That don't mean I'm gonna see him right now! Maybe some other time.\" \"- and his mother said that all he could talk about was seeing you. He's a real nice boy-\" \"I'm not interested! Please Mama, I really gotta go!\" Just then, Rose heard a car rolling up on her driveway. She turned her head, and smiled when she saw Forrest stepping out of the car. Mrs. Thomas pursed her thin lips together like she had eaten a sour lemon as she watched her daughter. Whatever spell that Bondurant boy had over her daughter, she would never understand. But one thing that Mrs. Thomas was certain about was that she would not tolerate it any longer. \"I don't see why you're so smitten with that boy,\" She muttered, shaking her head. \"He's nothing but trouble. You could do so much better than him.\" This time, Rose didn't resist this time to roll her eyes. \"Don't start on that again. The way I feel about him isn't your damn concern.\" \"You watch your mouth! A proper lady shouldn't speak like that- Rosalie!\" Rose cut her mother off as she slammed the screen door from behind, not looking back. But before she left, Rose turned back around and said, \"I'm sorry but I don't mean to offend Mama, but when the hell have I ever been a proper lady?\" 8888888888888 After the driving lesson (It turned somewhat better than Forrest had expected. The only time they had a problem was when the two started arguing, and Rose had run off the side of the road, and almost went in the creek), Forrest and Rose stopped by where they used to play together as children, Snow Creek. Forrest was leaning against a tree smoking a cigar, while Rose lay on the lush green grass, one of her feet dangling in the water. It was a comfortable silence between the two, both enjoying the quiet, and the other's company. \"Your mother don't really seem to like me very much.\" Forrest said all of a sudden, letting out a smoky drag. \"What's makin you think about that all of a sudden?\" Rose asked, a lazy smile gracing her lips. \"I would've assumed you wouldn't give a damn about what she thought.\" When Rose turned around to look at Forrest, she frowned at him. She had expected him to smirk, or at least grunt something in return. \"What're you thinkin' about?\" Forrest looked at Rose with a blank expression. He got off of the tree and walked beside Rose to stand over her. He regarded her with a quiet that Rose wasn't sure she quite liked. Finally, he sat down beside her, placing his hand above her head. \"I've heard word around town that she and that boy Wingfield's momma, are tryin' to set y'all up together.\" Rose narrowed her eyes and knitted her eyebrows together. \"What?!\" She exclaimed. \"And where did you hear this?\" \"Ya know how gossip travels,\" Forrest shrugged. \"Emmy heard it from Eula Eubanks, who got it from that boy's momma during some church service.\" Rose scoffed at the thought. How she wanted to go back home, and throttle her mother and her little conspirator of a friend, when a thought popped into her head. \"And you think that I wouldn't have mind?\" She asked him. Forrest didn't say anything, but it gave the young woman her answer. \"Either you don't trust me, or you're just really stupid!\" She snapped, not meaning for it to come out so sharp. She was angry that her mother thought that Forrest wasn't good enough, and that Forrest actually thought that she would leave him for someone of her mother's preference. She took her locket out of her blouse and showed it to him. \"You see this? I agreed that night to be yours, and belong to no other man. I intend to keep that promise.\" Forrest kept quiet, regarding her silently. Rose huffed and rolled her eyes. She looked away to the side, so she didn't have to look at him. Softly, she murmured, \"B'sides, I ain't never getting married.\" \"Hmph,\" Rose heard Forrest grunt. \"Why not?\" \"I just won't,\" Rose replied simply. \"Later on, all you'll do is fight and gripe at each other. You'll be told what to do and shouldn't do. I wouldn't be me anymore.\" It grew quiet between the two again, until Forrest asked, \"Well if you did decide to marry, how would you like things?\" Rose looked back at Forrest, not quite sure if what she heard was correct. \"What?\" \"How would you want things if you got married?\" \"Why d'you wanna know?\" \"Just answer the question, Rose.\" Rose regarded Forrest for a moment. She sighed in defeat. \"Fine. I would like for compromise between me and my husband.\" She said. \"I wanna be treated with respect.\" \"Sounds good. What else?\" \"I would like for him to cook dinner on some nights, take care of me when I'm sick, doesn't cheat… what else…\" Rose pondered for a moment, when an idea popped into her head. She grinned evilly. \"- and I want him to take me out dancing for dates.\" Rose had to bite the bottom of her lip to keep from laughing at the look on Forrest's face. \"Course you would say that.\" \"You asked.\" \"Hmph. What else d'you have in mind?\" Forrest stroked Rose's cheek with the back of his hand. Rose sighed as she leaned against his touch. \"I want my husband to love me for whom I am… to make feel like I'm worth it.\" She told him earnestly. \"And before we get up each morning and go to bed each night, I want him to kiss me to know that, until death do us part.\" \"I think I can do just that.\" Forrest grinned. He leaned his head closer to Rose, so he would capture her lips with his own. Rose smiled happily as she opened her mouth a little more to let his tongue inside. Forrest picked her up to set her on his lap, wanting to feel more of her as he wrapped his big arms around her small frame. Feeling confident, Rose pushed Forrest to lie down on the grass, her body on top of his. How they both wanted, yet fought the temptation to tear the boundaries between each other that were their material of clothing, and to take and love each other in that very spot. They groaned at the thought, but remained to keep the raging emotions tamed in fear of being caught. When they finally broke apart, both gazed at each other in silence as they were catching their breaths. \"And… what makes ya think…\" Rose whispered breathily. \"That you're gonna be my husband, huh? Why would ya wanna marry me?\" \"Because then I can kiss you anytime I want,\" Forrest replied, tucking a piece of strand hair behind Rose's ear. The two kissed each other one final time before Rose laid her head against Forrest's chest. \"Will it always be like this?\" \"You damn right it will be. It's always gonna be you and me.\" \"I must apologize for what happened with Forrest yesterday. But we ah… look we got somethin' of a problem here, Deputy. \" Sheriff Hodges replied. He had invited Charley and me over to his house to enjoy a nice midday breakfast. I had been listening quietly, drinking the homemade sweet iced tea as he and my husband talked business. \"It's Special Deputy-\" Charley corrected. I closed my eyes as I suppressed the urge to roll them. \"-and I don't see a problem at all. I hear these mountain boys have got Indian blood in them- Cherokee. This…. this would explain why they're a little animalistic in their nature.\" \"I think that's unnecessary to judge them that way, don't you think?\" I asked, disguising the irritation with a small laugh. Charley quickly turned his head and glared at me. I merely ignored him as I took another sip of tea, and watched the scenery. \"Well ah… I don't rightly understand what you mean,\" Hodges said uneasily. \"But there's a feeling around these parts that Forrest Bondurant is different than other folks.\" That caught Charley's full attention. He sucked on his teeth to retract the food from them as he sat up a little straighter in his chair. \"Different?\" \"Indestructible.\" I inwardly smirked to myself. Of course they would all believe that. And with no doubt, I knew that Forrest would believe such a thing himself. But as the words left Hodge's mouth, it appeared that Charley didn't believe him. \"Do you mean immortal?\" Charley asked. His eyes lit up with mirth, and he laughed it off as if it was funniest thing he had ever heard. \"You...you fucking hicks are a sideshow onto yourselves.\" He continued to laugh while the sheriff and I sat there awkwardly. When he had finally sobered, Charley turned to Hodges and said, \"Sheriff, do you have any idea what a Thompson submachine gun does to a mortal?\" \"Well, this ain't Chicago, you can't just shoot him!\" Hodges exclaimed. \"Do that, people around here will string us up from a tree.\" With that one phrase, the humor in Charley's eyes vanished, and the smile turned back into his usual scowl. \"Do I look stupid to you?\" He snarled. \"I've been brought in to do a job-\" He paused to think for a moment, and then hissed, \"-and I know just who to start with.\" A nagging knot began to tie in the pit of my stomach. I didn't like his tone, and I certainly didn't need to know who he referred to. Charley was a fool to think he could probably go against Forrest Bondurant, yet it didn't stop the sudden fear for Forrest that was starting to build. Lost in my own thoughts and from my now fasting beating heart, I could barely hear the two men still speak to each other. \"You know somethin'? I don't much like you.\" Hodges remarked, a bit of courage trying to appear. Charley sneered. \"Yeah? Well, not many do.\" It was midafternoon when Forrest returned home with Howard and Danny after a speaking again with Jimmy Turner and Tom C. Cundiff. It left him exhausted and weary. The two men had tried to convince him and his brother to give into what Mason Wardell wanted. He would never understand why they kept trying to convince him. He was a Bondurant, and he wasn't going to lay down for anyone. He wasn't going to bow down, and give in to Wardell and Rakes. Forrest brought his hand up to massage away the migraine that forming in the center. Right now, all he wanted to do was to make sure everything was the way he left it, and then later drown himself with a mason jar of White Lightning. And for that brief time, he didn't want to think about anything else. He didn't want to think about Wardell and his little lap, not think about bootlegging for a while, and certainly to not think about a woman with dark hair and pale blue eyes. All he wanted to think and feel about was the burning liquid sensation down his throat that would chase the thoughts away. As Forrest and the other two were walking up the steps, the dishwasher and counterman, a black man named Jefferson Deshazo, came walking out the door. \"There's a someone here to see ya, Mistah Bondurant,\" He addressed Forrest. When Forrest raised one of his eyebrows in question, Jefferson shrugged his shoulders. \"Don't know who she is. Said she knew ya though.\" Forrest didn't need to be told twice when he walked inside to find his younger brother, Jack, talking to pretty young woman. She had pale skin, and her long dark hair was piled in a stylish finger wave. The prim and clean looking, light yellow, floral organza dress fitted her small frame perfectly. Her blue eyes brighten and her red lips curved into a smile when Jack told her something funny. This couldn't be happening, could it? She couldn't actually be here. Just then, her eyes flickered over Jack's shoulder, and landed upon him. Time seem to stand still with that simple action. Maggie working at the grill, the customers, Jack and Howard, Danny, and Jefferson all seemed to have disappeared. It was just the two of them in the room. Seeing his face, she looked away for a moment, and then looked back. She slowly stood up from the booth. A small, polite smile graced her lips. \"Hello Forrest.\" Hope everyone enjoyed this new chapter! I actually kind of liked writing this one, especially the flashback. It had a bit of an ironic taste to it, no? And to further not, I promise for the next chapter be all Forrest/Rose;)[Chapter 6] At last my dear readers and reviewers, I finally present you with chapter six. In all honesty, I'm not sure if I like how it is. It's only because I'm not sure if I wrote Forrest right. I promise that the next chapter to be better;) Also, this week I may not be able to update because I'm going to super busy with school and then I'm gonna be out of town for the weekend. Hopefully I'll be able to give you something when I get back. Anyway, I hope everyone likes the new chapter, and I'll try to update as quick as I can next time:D Title: Fire in the Blood Author: xxxLovely Insanityxxx Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Basically the ratings are going to go up and down like a roller coaster. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Not quite sure yet. I will have one soon though I swear! Over & Out I must've been insane to actually do this. But the boys need to know . An inward voice told me. As I kept telling myself this, it couldn't untie the nagging knot that was in the pit of my stomach. It had begun to form after we had left Hodges's home and Charley had gone out for the time being. As I sat alone in motel room for several days, I mulled over the raging thoughts and decisions inside my head. Did I, or did I not go over to Blackwater station, and tell them about my husband's threat? I walked along the dusty pathway that would lead me to where the Bondurants resided. I believed that it would've been wiser of a decision if I didn't take any kind of vehicle. I would be able to take any of the shortcuts and turns that I knew of if I spotted Charley or any of his men. Besides, I didn't mind the long walk over to Blackwater. It was quite nice, peaceful even. I had almost forgotten how beautiful Franklin was in the fall. It was midday, the only time I could be out to do this little 'quest'. If Charley treated this job like he did in Chicago, then I know that he's going to be out for a while. Perhaps because of the extensive work in the job , he would be away longer; however, I couldn't trust that single yet hopeful thought, no matter how much I wanted to. For now, I would be fine until it reached past five. Being outside amazed me for a split second. I took off my sunhat and sighed in bliss. I felt the breeze run through my body and hair, the sun slowly warming me up. I couldn't believe that this could make me feel so content. There was no husband and iron grip hold, no smog filled and bullet singing Chicago life. Everything felt so peaceful. I could actually breathe without worrying about someone looming over me. For that brief moment, I felt free. As I neared the Blackwater Station, my heart began to flutter. Perhaps this was a bad idea. I was afraid about how they would react to me showing up all of sudden. Would all of them be there? How would Jack and Howard react when they see me? Jack probably wouldn't remember me. He had only been seven when I left. Howard I had no doubt would remember, but if I remembered right and if they still did that routine, he and Forrest would probably be at the distillery that was hidden among the woods to check on things. Just by the mere thought, I almost had the nerve to turn back around and go back to the motel, but I stood my ground and continued onward. Inside the station was dark and cool. I simply stood in the doorway, adjusting my eyes to the scenario. I was gratefully relieved to know that there wasn't much business that day. There was only the occasional drunk asleep in the booth, and one in the near far corner listening to a radio. As I stepped inside, I watched a black man finish washing the dishes then going into a storage room. The woman from earlier called Maggie was reading what looked to be a magazine and smoking a cigarette. For a moment of observing her, I almost thought that I had seen her before I had first arrived back home. It was a silly notion, but she looked like one of those dancing girls back in the Chicago clubs Charley would unwillingly take me to. I shook my head at the absurd thought. With my raised high, I walked towards the counter. The man who had already come back from the storage room approached me. \"Can I help you Miss?\" He asked. Maggie slightly glanced at the customer, and looked quite surprised when she saw me. I ignored her and smiled politely at the man. \"Yes. Would you happen to know if a Forrest Bondurant is here?\" \"He's not here at the moment.\" \"Do you know when he might be back?\" \"He don't really keep regular hours.\" \"But if you had to guess?\" He regarded me for a moment, not sure what to think of me and why I needed to speak to his boss. \"Please, if it isn't too much trouble? There's something I would like to speak to him about.\" The man sighed. \"I'd guess he'd be in any time now,\" he said. I smiled gratefully at the man. \"Thank you. I'll just wait here then.\" He shrugged then went back to work. I slid onto one of the counter's seats and waited. \"Would you like something to hold you over?\" I looked to see that the redheaded woman was no longer looking at her magazine. \"No thank you,\" I shook my head, but then thought of something when I saw the cigarettes between her red painted fingers. \"Actually, there is something that I would like. Do you mind if I could have one those? It's been awhile since I had one.\" She seemed quite surprised by my initial request but recovered quickly, and took one out and lighted it for me. \"Thank you.\" \"Don't mention it. You know you don't look like the kind of lady who would take a fag.\" \"Well you know the saying 'don't judge a book by its cover,\" I smirked after taking a drag. \"I'm a lot more then I look.\" \"I bet.\" She smirked. She extended her hand to me and said, \"I'm Maggie.\" \"Rosalie.\" It got quiet between us until Maggie spoke again. \"Excuse me for asking mam, but what is it you needed to speak to Forrest about?\" \"Well when you put it that way, I don't really have to speak to him.\" I chuckled lightly. \"Any of the boys will do.\" \"And it's about?\" \"Merely a matter of importance.\" \"Does your husband have you like go on secret missions or something?\" She joked. \"No,\" I replied, thought I couldn't help grinning. \"No. This is more like something I felt like I needed to do.\" \"Ah,\" Maggie nodded her, though still looked like she was curious about what this 'matter of importance' could be. It looked like she was going to say something else when a voice cut through the bar, \"Hey Maggie!\" I turned my head to see a young, scraggly looking man toward the counter. He had dirt and grime all over his brown hair and clothes, but it couldn't hide the excited look on his face. \"Maggie you never gonna guess what happened in town-\" \"Not now Jack, I'm working-\" Jack? \"Jack?\" I asked the young man in front of me, startling him slightly. This couldn't be the same Jack Bondurant back from all those years ago, could it?\" \"Can I help you, Miss…?\" He asked, looking unsure about what to do. I could only smile a huge grin. \"I know that you probably don't remember me,\" I whispered. \"But my family and I used to be good friends with yours. Does… does the name Rose ring any bell to you?\" The wheels in his head looked to be turning as looked at me and thought of the words that I had said. Finally, it looked like it clicked when I saw a look of pure shock written across his face. \"Rosie?\" I grinned. \"Hello Jack,\" Jack's shell-shocked broke expression turned into a huge grin and laughed. He hugged me tightly, which I returned happily. \"I can't believe you're actually here!\" He exclaimed. He let me go and stared me up and down. \"Goddamn you've sure changed!\" I slightly laughed and pouted my lip. \"Well I hope that's not a bad thing.\" \"Naw it ain't!\" He immediately said when realized what he had said earlier. \"You just look so… different. Smell different too- not that it's a bad or nothing, but-\" Jack stopped rambling and sighed. I could only chuckle softly. Out of everyone besides Forrest in all of Franklin, I missed Jack the most. He had been the more sensitive one of the Bondurant brothers. He was such a sweet boy- I couldn't believe this was the young man whom he had turned out to be! \"Wait until Howard an' Forrest hear about this.\" My smile faltered for a moment, but before Jack could notice, I had put it back up again. That was one thing in Chicago that I was glad that I had learn. Putting up some kind of mask so that no one could see who you really were, and how you felt. \"Well I'm sure we'll worry about that once we've crossed that bridge.\" I told him earnestly, resting my hand against his. \"But look at you! I can't believe that this handsome young man is the same little Jack Bondurant I once knew. I'm sure all of the girls are throwing themselves at you.\" Jack smiled a bit and laughed, a light blush glowing on his cheekbones. We talked a little more after that, telling stories about the past and what was going on now. As I listened intently to a funny story about he and Cricket were doing, something in the air changed. It felt stiff and uncomfortable. Wanting to know what changed, my eyes traveled over Jack's shoulder when they suddenly widen. Standing in middle of the room were Howard Bondurant, an old friend of Howard's named Danny Mitchell, and the devil Forrest Bondurant himself. Jack turned around and shouted to them. He took me by the hand to greet them, and then reintroduced me, if you could call it that. Howard and Danny just looked at me, too stunned to say anything. But it didn't me to keep thinking about how they looked so intimidating – especially their ringleader. But what really caught me off was how he looked at me. He appeared shocked, but then it all changed instantly. His gaze held nothing. It drove me mad wanting to know what he thought about me this instant. Was he happy to see me again like Jack was? Probably not. Was he bitter? I absolutely had no doubt about that. Everything else felt like it was falling away, and it was just him and I. From a distant past, I could faintly hear children laughing and a young boy calling out, \"Come on, Rosie!\". A small smile graced my lips when I said, \"Hello Forrest.\" He looked like he didn't know what he was going to say. I didn't think he probably thought that I wasn't going to acknowledged them. He took off his fedora and rested it upon his chest. Finally, I watched him immediately sobered up with just a hum of a grunt. \"Mrs. Rakes.\" Mrs. Rakes. That lone, simple reply was the only thing that could end whatever trance this was. Sheepishly, I let my head down so that he wouldn't see my smile faltering. I smiled sadly to myself again. I didn't expect anything else from him but this. But it wouldn't deter to what I needed to do. \"I know that I'm probably the last person you wanted to see, but I had to come and tell you something.\" I asked Forrest if we could speak where no one could see us. Just in case if any of Deputy Abshire and one of Wardell's men or, heaven forbid, Charley popped in, I had reasoned. So, he had taken us out back into the woods that were behind Blackwater station. I was happy to see him again… though it was still quite uncomfortable. We were both quiet as we walked along the path. I began twisting my wedding ring and engagement ring anxiously. This couldn't go on forever. One of us had to say something, yet it seemed like we were too stubborn to do anything. \"So you married?\" I was startled to hear him speak. I looked at him to see him looking at me. \"Yes,\" I said, smiling a little. I wasn't sure what I was smiling about, or if it was even real. \"Hmph,\" Was is gruff reply. \"Never thought I'd see the day.\" \"I grew up Forrest,\" I replied. \"I couldn't hold onto that silly notion forever.\" I knew that that remark was the wrong reply. I immediately stopped twiddling with my rings, and let my arms fall back naturally. \"Your wife though, she's quite lovely.\" Forrest looked at me as if I had another head. \"Wife? I ain't married.\" \"But I thought-\" I tried to say, my eyebrows furrowed in confusion. Forrest looked back at the station and asked, \"You talkin' about Maggie?\" I didn't say anything and just continued walking, leaving Forrest behind. I heard him catching up and said, \"No. Maggie's just here to look after the place while we're gone doing business.\" \"I see,\" I mused softly. It got quiet between us again. This is not how I wanted for things to go. I sighed deeply, hoping that this next tactic would get to the point. \"Look Forrest, there's something you should know. Whatever game you're going to play with Charley and Wardell- just don't. It's not going to work.\" \"So are you just here on behalf of that husband of yours to try and scare us?\" \"No!\" I remarked, stopping suddenly. \"I'm only here to tell you to be careful. I don't understand why you have to act like this.\" Forrest looked out into the opening of the woods, and then back to me. \"Perhaps for the same reason you find it so damn convenient to meet out here.\" When I didn't come up with anything to say, he continued: \"Does he even know you're from here?\" I looked away for a moment, remaining quiet. When I looked back, I gave him equal emotionless eyes. \"You've seen how Charley is. I wanted to tell him over the years, but I… but I couldn't.\" \"He's not all bad, you know. He's very intelligent-\" I paused for a moment, then laughed to myself. \"-though probably too intelligent for his own good.\" \"I'm not here to tell you what to do,\" I told him earnestly. \"But I know how my husband can be. He won't stop at nothing until he gets what he wants. I'm only asking you to be careful. If not for my sake, then please do it for Jack.\" When he frowned at me, I just sighed and began to explain: \"Jack told me about what happened to your parents and Emmy. I'm sorry. I knew how much they meant to you. And I know that Jack is grown, but he's still young. He still needs you and Howard, and getting yourself killed because of your bullheaded pride won't help him, or anyone else!\" \"If... if you could just pass that along to Howard, then I'll be on my way.\" Forrest didn't say anything. He only nodded his head with a grunt. I pursed my lips together and shook my head. I turned around and was about to leave him to gp back to the motel, when I thought of something. I slowly turned back around and looked at him. He looked at me. It wouldn't do much, but I felt the need to tell him. \"You know, while I was living in Chicago, I would often think about this place. Sometimes… I would wish that I could…\" \"That you wish you could what?\" He asked. I smiled sadly as I looked at him. \"That I wish I could see you again.\" I'm not sure what Forrest thought I was going to say, but it certainly wasn't that. He regained his staunch composure with a curt nod of his head. \"Now you have.\" \"And now I have,\" I nodded my head. \"Perhaps... maybe we'll see each other again in town sometime.\" \"Hmm,\" Forrest replied. He walked a little closer to me. \"You need a ride back?\" To say the least, I was a bit surprised, yet touched by the offer. I shook my head. \"No thank you. I'll just walk.\" \"You sure?\" \"I'll be alright. I certainly don't mind the walk. Goodbye Forrest.\" \"Rose.\" It shouldn't have made me that happy to hear him say my name, but it did. Things may have been different between us and the conversation didn't go as I expected, but it didn't matter to me at that moment. He didn't call me Mrs. Rakes or Rosalie when we said goodbye. He called me Rose. As I walked back to the motel, I took out my necklace and held the wooden locket between my fingers. I stroked its smooth exterior as I thought about what happened. The locket felt so much lighter than it usually did. Review plz!:D[Chapter 7] Title: Where the Wild Roses Grow Author: Valeera Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Poison & Wine by The Civil Wars Over & Out When I arrived at the motel, the light happiness that was still inside of me hadn't faded away. I smiled a little when I thought about what happened. The conversation with Forrest may have not gone the way I originally planned, but I could've cared less. He didn't call me Mrs. Rakes or Rosalie when we said goodbye. To be honest, I didn't expect anything from him. He called me Rose. I knew deep down that Forrest still seemed bitter about me coming back. That thought alone could let the smile fall. Also, that conversation would probably be the last we'll have together. Now we would both go on as if we never knew each other. Yet why as the thought entered my train of thoughts, did it make feel sad all of a sudden? This is what I wanted, right? By going to the Bondurants and speaking to them should've helped me get past that small part of my life that I left behind. As I battled with my thoughts, I almost didn't comprehend that someone had bumped into me. I turned around to see a young African American woman quickly walking away down the hall. She only looked back at me once. She was holding her pumps and stockings to her chest. Her dress was slipping off from her shoulder. I immediately turned around to see what room she came from. My prayers were left unanswered when I saw my- our motel room door opened ajar. Closing my eyes as I sucked in a breath, I walked into the room. I found Charley inside, his jacket, vest, and bowtie scattered on the floor. He was only in his untucked crisp white shirt and dress pants. He was drinking a glass of brandy while the radio was playing. It was playing The Boswell Sisters' \" Was That the Human Thing to Do? \". 'Never thought that anyone in their right mind Could ever treat another human so unkind Didn't you sneak away and leave a note behind Was that the human thing to do?' \"What's going on in here?\" I asked, though the question sounded as more of a demand. I didn't need to ask him, we both knew that. But I couldn't contain the annoyance and disgust inside of me. \"So where did you find her, Charley?\" I asked. \"The girl? Hmm? Did you find her in town? Or somewhere out while working?\" Charley simply looked at me through the rim of his glass as he down another shot. \"It's nothing of your concern.\" 'I always thought that yours was such a heart of gold But after I was sold on all the tales you told Didn't you let your kisses turn from hot to cold? Was that the human thing to do?' I glared at him and scoffed. \"No, of course it isn't! How stupid of me!\" I sneered. \"How could I forget? You remind me every day.\" I walked past him to set down the bag of necessities on top of the table. While I was gone, I was smart enough to go back into town to buy things that were necessary, and would keep me preoccupied during our stay. It was more of a ploy, so I could cover my tracks and I would have a perfect alibi if something like this ever happened. I felt Charley's eyes strain behind my back as I took out everything from the bags and set some of the items were they should be in the room. \"Where did you go today?\" He asked listlessly. \"You look like you've been busy.\" \"What does it look like I've been doing?\" I remarked stiffly. \"I merely went out to that little store across the street to get some things we might need.\" How you let me fall and how you let me be And when I begged you for a little sympathy Didn't you even try to hi-di-hi-di me? Was that the human thing to do? When he didn't say anything else, I clucked my tongue in irritation and sighed. Just like the way my husband looked at Maggie, I wasn't angry with the young woman that had run out. \"You had to do this now,\" I muttered. \"I could care less about the women you have home, but here-\" I paused and smirked bitterly to myself. \"-you just can't keep it in for once, can you?\" After I said that, my back stiffened straight when I felt him behind me. He put his hands on top of my shoulders lightly. They slowly slid down my arms up and down as if he were trying to comfort me before they rested on the middle of my waist. He wrapped his arms around me, and kissed my neck. I closed my eyes, and tried not to pull away in disgust. There was no love or comfort into what he was doing. It was an act of possession, not intimacy. \"This dress… I quite like it.\" Charley said, observing the light yellow dress I was wearing. \"I bought it for you as a gift didn't I?\" I didn't know what to do, or say. I just want him to take his hands off of me. So, I gave him a small nod of my head. Inclining his head to the side, I felt his hands snake to the back of my dress, searching for the zipper. He whispered possessively, \"Pretty little thing. But I think I would like it better if you were not wearing it.\" Charley tried to kiss me, but I dodged my head away to the side. \"Ch-Charley please stop it… not now-\" I tried to say, swatting his hands away from me. It only made him annoyed and excited at the same time, for he roughly unzipped the back of my dress. \"I said stop!\" I said through gritted teeth. I gasped when his hand grabbed my face, turning it slightly to face him. \"You are my wife, and you will satisfy your husband as a wife should!\" He hissed in my ear. \"Does that sound right to you? Hmm?\" I only wanted him to stop, and so I mutely nodded my head. I felt so disgusted with myself. The old Rose wouldn't have tolerated this. She would have probably spit on his face and shove him away. But I wasn't that Rose anymore, was I? Charley whispered \"Good girl.\", and within mere seconds, I was standing in the room naked. Later that night, I found myself standing outside of the motel smoking a cigarette. I watched the smoke become part of the night air as it left my lips. I had to get out of that room. I needed to get away from my dear husband who was now asleep. I didn't want his arms around me, or feel his breathing against my ear. I pulled my coat tighter around my shoulders to keep me warm from the chilling breeze. I watched and listened to the night when suddenly something caught my eye. I turned my head to see a moving shadowlike figure in the woods. There was something, or someone moving towards the direction of the motel. I started to panic a little. Should I run back in, or scream for someone? As the figure came into further view, I couldn't believe what my eyes were seeing. It was Forrest. My body tensed at the sight of him. What was he doing here? This had to be a dream. He would never do such a thing. Forrest Bondurant would not be that stupid to come over here in the middle of the night, while my husband was asleep upstairs. His face remained stoic as he approached me, his eyes only fixated on me. I was afraid and cautious about what he was going to do. \"What are you doing here?\" I hissed. I looked back to the front door, hoping that Charley wouldn't appear. \"You shouldn't be here. Get back home before somebody comes out and sees you.\" He ignored me, and was moving a little closer. He placed his hand upon my cheek, and I cursed myself when I leaned into his touch. This was wrong. This shouldn't be happening. It all had to be a dream. Forrest would never have come out here at night, and especially not to see me. I was so caught up with my own thoughts that I almost didn't hear him speaking to me. \"Do you want me?\" I opened my eyes and looked at him in surprise. Before I could say anything, he had pressed his lips against mine. My eyes became wide as the size of golf balls at what was happening. I tried to push him off of me, but all to no avail. And in all honesty, I didn't want it to stop. I wanted it to last forever. I finally returned the kiss as I wrapped my arms around his neck. My heart hammered harder against my chest as Forrest deepened the kiss, pressing my back against the brick foundation. When we both broke apart, we were panting as we stared at each other. \"I asked you a question.\" He whispered. His breath felt cool against my ear, and I was in complete shock at the deep look in his gaze. My body felt so hot and flustered against his. I was becoming so intoxicated by the mere presence of him that the only thing I could do was nod my head 'yes'. He grunted and slid his hands inside my coat. He slowly took it off of me, and let it slide down to the ground. I shivered through the light fabric of my slip as the cold air swept through me. Forrest just looked down as if he was observing me. The strap of my nightgown slid off of my shoulder. He brought his head down, and I gasped as he began kissing it. The stubble on his face was giving me a new kind of strange sensation that I craved to have more of. He continued this new torture as he began to kiss my chest. Yet before I could say anything, I was moaning again as his lips enraptured mine. He broke away again. With a silent look of desire that was written across his face, he took me by the hand and led me into the woods. But before I could realize what else was going to happen, my eyes were suddenly wide open. Morning light filled the room. I looked around me to see I was still tangled in bed. Still sore from last night, I slowly sat up and looked around the room. Charley was nowhere to be found. I was alone. I sighed and lay back down. I couldn't believe that I had dreamt such a dream that involved Forrest Bondurant of all people. I didn't know what to think of it. What did it mean? I shook my head into the pillow and sighed. All I knew was that it shouldn't be happening. I was a married woman. I couldn't possibly dream or want Forrest in that way. Even if I did, it would be hell to pay if Charley ever learned about it. I had to keep that one thought in mind. Forrest and I could never be that way. We made our choices a long time ago, and we were going to live with them. I was married with no way out of it, and I was certain that Forrest would never want me in such an intimate way.[Chapter 8] At long last, I have finally given you chapter! I am terribly sorry for the long wait, and I hope that this will make hope for it. I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving and anyone went to Black Friday, it's good to know that like me you survived the chaos of it all;D Title: Where the Wild Roses Grow Author: Valeera Rating: PG-13/R for violence, language, and sensuality. Summary: Returning home after being away for seventeen years, Rosalie \"Rose\" Rakes nee Thomas is reacquainted with a certain Bondurant. Yet as Forrest and Rose try to find common ground between themselves again, neither could imagine the lengths that her husband will go to keep his wife by his side Theme: Poison & Wine by The Civil Wars (Yes I know, finally:D) Over & Out 1913 When Rose had arrived home, it was half-past midnight. In all honesty, she had not meant to stay out so late. She went over to Blackwater Station to hang out with the boys after she and Forrest left Snow Creek. All Rose was going to do was spend time with them like she always did, and then she would return home to please her mother (in other words, get her off her back) and spend time with Wingfield. Yet somehow, she instead found herself in the back of the Bondurants' truck going to deliver some White Lightening and Apple Brandy for a party that Tazwell Minnix was having down at Burnt Chimney. When she and the Bondurants were invited to join the party, well, time flew by after that. However, somewhere in the back of Rose's mind, she had a feeling that Forrest had something to do with her arriving home late. And quite frankly, she certainly didn't mind. Rose opened the front door slowly- very, very slowly- and quietly so as not to wake anybody and not get caught. That was the last thing she needed right now. She looked around the living room. No parents in sight. Rose breathed in a sigh of relief, and continued her way to her room. As she was climbing the flight of stairs, she was stopped by a voice that was suddenly beside her, \"Had fun with the boys?\" Damn. Rose turned around to see her mother emerging from the shadows as she turned on the living room lights. She appeared weary and angry, but that wasn't anything new. She's looked that way ever since Rose's father moved them to Blackwater. \"I hope you do realize that you've long past missed dinner.\" \"Yeah Mama, I know,\" Rose sighed. She knew that the talk was going to happen eventually; she just didn't want to hear it right now. \"Wingfield was so hoping that you would be here.\" \"I'm sure he was.\" \"And he's such a nice young man. So polite and considerate.\" \"I bet he is.\" \"Going to school up in Charlottesville has certainly shaped him up. Plans to be a lawyer, you know?\" \"Good for him.\" \"Yep, a nice young man who has a good, promising future ahead of him…\" Rose's mother let out a long pause, and then muttered, \"Unlike that good for nothing Bondurant boy…\" Rose whipped her head around and glared at her mother. \"Don't you dare start that! Don't you ever speak that way about him again!\" \"Speak about whom dear?\" \"You know very damn well who I'm talking about!\" Rose hissed. \"I don't care how you feel about Forrest! He's a good man, Mama. I really like him a lot, and… I think feels the same way about me too.\" The nonchalant expression upon Mrs. Thomas' face instantly changed into the usual scowl that her daughter was accustomed to seeing. \"Likes you?\" She said. \"Are we speaking about love here? You're in love with Forrest Bondurant?\" Not knowing what else to say, Rose gave a mute nod of her head 'yes'. And then, something happened. Mrs. Thomas' lips started to wear an odd kind of smile. And then, derisive laughter escapes her. It was loud and hearty that Rose thought her father would wake up and come down to see what the matter was. But there was no sympathy. It was just cold, mocking, and humorless. Then she stopped abruptly and she was back to being cold and calculating. \"Likes you? In love?\" Mrs. Thomas scoffed. \"Rosalie, please, that's absurd!\" \"No it's not,\" Rose blushed furiously as she felt her temper rise. \"You're too young to even know what love is!\" \"I'm only sixteen-\" \"Exactly my point!\" Mrs. Thomas exclaimed. \"Dear this whole romance that you've invented just proves it!\" \"How can you say that when you and Daddy married younger than I am now!\" Rose tried to explain. \"You fought tooth and nail to be with him-\" \"And now I'm a groveling housewife to a drunkard!\" Mrs. Thomas snapped. Rose immediately fell silent. She knew she had crossed the line when the words left her mouth. A door from the upstairs opened, and Rose saw her father coming and standing at the landing of the stairs. \"Elsie? Everything alright?\" Mr. Thomas drawled. \"Yes Anse, everything's alright.\" Mrs. Thomas pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed. \"The girl home?\" \"Yes she's finally home. You go on back to bed. I'd like to have one more word with your daughter-\" Rose could hear her father snort out a derisive laugh. \"Sure you haven't done that enough already-\" \"I swear to God Anse, could you please shut up for once and go back to our room!\" Mrs. Thomas snapped, finally losing it. Mr. Thomas sneered at his wife before he finally trudged back to their shared bedroom. When the door was finally shut closed, Mrs. Thomas turned back to glare at her daughter. She only returned the sentiment. \"Now you listen to me young lady,\" Mrs. Thomas hissed. \"I've about had enough of the foolishness you and that boy been causing. And it not just him- it's all those boys! You run around with them every single day getting into trouble! I won't have it any longer, do you understand me?\" Wanting the conversation to just end and go to bed, Rose nodded her head 'yes'. \"I won't have my daughter become a floozy.\" Mrs. Thomas sighed irritably. \"And so, as punishment for arriving home late-\" \"I'm being punished?!\" Rose scoffed, but immediately shut up when her mother's glare only deepened. \"As your punishment,\" said Mrs. Thomas slowly. \"I'm sending you to Bedford to live with your grandparents this summer and for the following ones in the future.\" Rose's head shot up at this. She shook her head, cutting her mother off. \"You can't do that!\" She remarked, even though she knew the battle was lost. Mrs. Thomas smirked triumphantly. \"I'm still your mother. I can and I will.\" She said. \"And don't even think about convincing your father about letting you stay. We both talked and agree to it that was the right thing to do. Besides, your grandparents have been begging to see you. It's been so long since they've last seen their granddaughter.\" The sun was beginning to raise high over the trees to signal noon as I walked alongside the rows of tombstones. It felt so peaceful here. The trees were filled with leaves of red and gold as they were every fall. A gentle breeze came by and knocked a few leaves of the branch, whirling in the wind, before landing on the ground. She always told my father- demanded him actually- that when she died, she didn't her body to be part of the ground that was Franklin county. She wanted to be buried in Bedford. It was a long drive to make the destination, but one I knew that I needed to make. I slowly came to stand in front of the proper grave. I placed the white irises beside it. I had to do this. My visit has been long overdue. I couldn't find the right words to speak. After some minutes of silence, I finally said: \"Hello Mama. How have you been?\" I paused, almost half-expecting her to speak from her grave. I shook my head as I let out a bitter laugh. \"That was quite a stupid question, wasn't it?\" I smiled sadly. I felt a moist mist in my eyes. I blinked them repeatedly, so the tears wouldn't leak out and ruin my mascara. \"It's been awhile, hasn't it?\" I sighed as I stood back up. I looked around at the trees that peppered the cemetery. My gaze fell back to my mother's grave. \"If you would like to know, I'm married. I think that you would've liked Charley. Seems like the man that you always wanted me to spend the rest of my life with.\" I winced as I started rubbing the back of my wrist. I bit my lower lip and looked down at my feet. \"Of course, things aren't exactly perfect as they should be.\" I muttered bitterly. \"Not the way that you would like for them to be.\" I lifted my head back up and let my eyes roam over the words on the stone in front of me. \"I met a few old friends of mine. The Bondurant brothers? They're doing great. Howard… well, he's still Howard. But Jack!\" I laughed as I thought about the younger Bondurant boy. \"I still cannot believe he's grown into such a handsome young man. It seems like only yesterday that he was still a boy and following me around everywhere! \"Forrest though…\" I sighed. \"Well we've talked some, but not like we used to. It's almost as if we're strangers. I guess you don't mind that though, do you?\" I shook my head. I saw a rock from the corner of my eye and kicked it aimlessly. It skittered across the grass, rustling softly as it moved. A stiff breeze kicked up and knocked over the flowers. I bent back down to straighten them. For a moment, I reached and fingered her name written cursive on the stone lightly before standing back up. \"I'm not here to try and complain to you about everything. I just…\" I said briskly \"… I just want to understand why. Why did you hate Forrest? What did he do to make you hate him so much? Why… did it always seem like that whatever I did, it displeased you?\" I took in a deep breath and sighed again. \"Was I such a disappointment of a daughter to you?\" Everything felt still for just a moment. I shook my head, scoffing at myself. This was ridiculous. Talking to someone who's been dead for so many years, and expecting her to answer back. \"You weren't a disappointment.\" A voice called from behind me. Startled, I quickly turned around and was surprised when I saw Forrest standing behind me a couple feet away. \"Forrest?\" I said. This couldn't be real right? This had to be a dream like the one before. But there he was. Gruff and burly all standing before me. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I figured you'd be here,\" He grunted, walking closer to stand beside me. \"B'sides, thought that this would be my only chance to give you this.\" I furrowed my eyebrows together when he handed me a medium sized brown paper package. \"What is it?\" \"After Anse died, he gave it to Mama,\" Forrest explained, shrugging. \"She was supposed to give it to you if you ever did decide to come back. Suppose to be something that belonged to your mother.\" Suddenly, he inclined his head to the right and asked: \"What's that on your wrist?\" Panicking, I shook my head light and said, \"It's nothing. I was clumsy in the bathroom and had accidentally whacked my hand against the wall.\" He didn't look convince by my story, but thankfully he didn't press the matter further. Forrest turned to look at the grave. \"Seventeen years since she's been gone,\" I told home, looking at my mother's name. \"And yet it still seems unbelievable that it's been so long.\" Forrest grunted out a reply. It grew quiet between us, the both of us not sure what to say next. Finally, Forrest turned to look at me and said, \"I don't think she thought you as a disappointment.\" \"Right. \"Anything I did and the people I hung out with she thought that it was an insult directed at her.\" \"She loved you though. She only wanted what was best for you.\" \"Yes well, I'm sure she is satisfied now. And for you to even say is probably the most surprising thing of all!\" I remarked bitterly, turning to look at Forrest's somber face. I smiled sadly and bowed my head. \"I best get going.\" I gave my old friend one last look before finally slowly walking away. \"Rose!\" I heard Forrest call out. I ignored him and continued to onward because if I didn't, I would turn back around and he would only seeing the crying mess that I was about to become. I didn't mean to be so cold to him, or to even speak so ill of the dead. He was trying in his own way to reassure my mother's love for me and I appreciated the effort. But the words and ill feelings wouldn't stop emanating from me. It hurt too much to think about it. It reminded me of the things that I could never have, and despite the fractured relationship that I had with my mother, I stilled loved her and I missed her. The next day was slightly breezy, yet still bright and clear. Charley and I had been having breakfast beside the window of our hotel room in complete silence. Between us was a small table with different classes of meals on it, the half empty juice glasses rested at each side of our plates. I barely touched my food in favor for my orange juice. Charley was eating Clayton was eating poached eggs with bacon and a slice of toasted, and a vase with roses rested in the middle of the table as if it was marking where the terrain of each other started and ended. There was no denying the tension between us. It was so palpable. Neither one of us would look the other in the eye. The light from the window was warming me up, yet when Charley would take in a breath, my insides would turn into ice. Something bad was going to happen, but I wanted to postpone as much as I could. \"What did you do yesterday while I was out, Rosebud?\" Charley asked all of a sudden in a calm manner. \"We didn't talk so much after I arrived back.\" \"Nothing. I merely stayed in the hotel that's all.\" I said as I tried to keep from fidgeting in my seat. Charley raised up a hairless eyebrow in interest. And that couldn't be anything good. He put his coffee mug down on the table and glanced at me. \"Nothing? Well, that's certainly not what Deputy Jeff Richards told me. He said he found you driving back to the hotel, looking quite distressed about something.\" His cold tone alerted me. I stiffened immediately and looked to find my husband's cold eyes upon me. \"Did he see out of his own free will or did you tell him to watch for me?\" I asked briskly, believing the immediate latter. \"Where were you yesterday, Rosalie?\" Charley asked, an unkind glint sparking in his cold eyes. \"That is none of your business. I should be allowed to do as I please without you hovering over 24/7. I'm your wife-\" \"My wife- yes my wife!\" Charley exploded, planting his hands on the sides of the table violently, the fine pottery on it making clattering sounds. I instantly jumped at the sudden outburst. Then, he stood all of sudden, sweeping the breakfast china off the table with a loud crash, plates and other utensils shattered on the fine wooden floor. He looked at me and in less than one second, he was standing in front of me. He slapped me across the face, and then gripped my arms that were on the sides of the chair I was still occupying, effectively trapping her between my husband's arms. I refused to close my eyes, yet I wince as Charley tightened his grip on my forearms. That will cause a pair of bruises to match the one my wrist soon. I bit down hard on my tongue till it started to bleed, just so I can keep the scream that forming in my throat from escaping. \"Yes, yes you are! My wife! You are my lawful wife till death do we part! So you will honor me, just like a wife is required to be honored! I will not be made out a fool! Is this in any way unclear?\" I shrank into my chair and was unable to say a word. I could only mutter one word: \"N-no…\". I then saw a maid stranding frozen in the doorway. My eyes widen and mentally kicked myself when I realized that it was the same woman who I had seen running half naked out of our room days earlier. Charley followed my glance and straighten up. He mumbled that he needed to go to see Wardell and fled the room. The maid ran inside towards me as I begun picking up the mess of ruined food and broken china off the floor.\" \"I'm so sorry. We… we had a little accident. I'll clean it up.\" I said weakly, not looking up from the pieces I was attempting to pick up from the floor, which my trembling hands didn't allow me to hold. \"It's alright, missus. I am goin' to pick this up.\" The maid told me. I ignored her as I knelt to the floor to pick up pieces. \"I am sorry.\" I apologized once more. The maid didn't dare say anything else. When she tried to pry a piece of broken glass from my hand hand, I refused to let it go. The maid reluctantly gave up and then occupied herself with the other broken dishes that still lay on the floor, while I held the piece of crystal in the center of my hand. Looking at the fragment, I slowly buried it deep within the flesh of the palm of my hand. It would just be another reminder of a bad memory that I will have to bury deep within my soul just like all of my other scars and bruises. I blinked my eyes repeatedly to keep from crying in front of the maid. Once more, blood poured down from hand, and when the maid noticed it she looked at me. \"I'm gonna leave for a moment to fetch some help. Will that be alright?\" She asked. I could only simply nod as I felt my eyes fill with tears that I refused to let fall down. I felt the woman take me by the arms and leading toward the bed to sit down. She hurried towards the door to find help. I remained in the destroyed room, sobbing and bleeding. Yeah... I know that last bit was a bit of Titanic splashed in, but I couldn't help it! One thing led to another... and I found myself writing it. I hope the chapter is still alright though! Review plz![Chapter 9] Hi and Happy New Year guys! This really isn't a new chapter. Yes, I'm still writing this story, and I'm sorry that this isn't a real chapter, but I just had to ask this question: Is there anyone who is still reading and loving this story? I was only curious to know. ","Summary":" Awesome! I'm the fourth person to bring in a \"Lawless\" story!:D It's Forrest/OC and I know that i"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"El ritmo de las olas","Author":"CARPINTERO IMPERIAL","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11277662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, esta es mi primera historia de ésta gran pelicula, es una de mis favoritas, y dije, ¿por qué no escribir una historia sobre ella?, después de oír una canción, la idea brotó, bueno espero que les guste, comenzamos. Tendra máximo seis o siete capítulos. Sin más preámbulos comencemos. La llegada de los surfistas El atardecer culminaba desapareciendo por el horizonte, daba paso a la hermosa luna que iluminaba la playa. Observaban el bello espectáculo natural, ella estaba recostada sobre su hombro. -Es hermoso. -Y más cuando tú lo observas-Se sonrojo, no era muy común que dijera ese tipo de cosas. Ella le lanzó una mirada seductora capaz de hipnotizar hasta al más bravo de los guerreros, no pudo resistirse y la besó -Ven-Lo tomó de la aleta derecha. -¿A dónde vamos?-Ella le señalo una cabaña cercana a ellos, se sonrojo levemente. El amanecer comenzaba a surgir por entre el volcán de la isla, esperaba viendo el mar, sostenía su gran tabla de surf, miraba como se formaban las olas y cómo se destruían al llegar a la orilla ó al chocar contra las rocas, mientras los rayos del sol hacían que brillara. -Ya llegue-Dijo apurado una voz a sus espaldas, volteó y sonrió. -Buenos días Cody. -Buenos días-De pronto su mirada se concentró en las olas-hermoso. -Sí, oye, ¿qué tal pasaste la noche?-Agachó la cabeza un poco avergonzado y sonrojado. -Bueno...-No sabía que iba a decirle. -Descuida, soy su tío, no su padre-Dijo en tono comprensible. -Gracias, bueno, ¿qué tal una carrera hacia la primera ola que se forme? -Gran Z acepta tu reto-Sonrió, Cody había mejorado mucho, no sólo sus habilidades en el surf, sino también su personalidad, era su discípulo, nada cambiaría eso. Una ola comenzó a formarse a los lejos, avanzaba hacía la orilla, la corriente era rápida, se metieron al agua, colocaron sus vientres sobre sus tablas y comenzaron a nadar, después de diez metros, comenzó la carrera. Geek había tomado la delantera, podría tener cuarenta años, pero aún tenía mucho por demostrar, la ola se acercaba, se puso de pie sobre la tabla y se dejó arrastras por el mar, el tubo comenzaba a formarse, debía atravesarlo, pero de repente Cody pasó por encima de él, se colocó sobre una aleta, saliendo al final del tubo. Geek terminó por salir con su clásica reverencia, señal de respeto hacía la naturaleza. Regresaron a la orilla, decidieron acostarse sobre la arena, había sido agotador surfear durante más de dos horas seguidas. -Has mejorado tus acrobacias. -Gracias, lo aprendí de ti. -No seas modesto, algún día podrás superarme. -No lo había hecho ya-Rieron por el comentario, desde que Reggie había abandonado la isla, esta se había vuelto más tranquila, con excepción de cuando los surfistas de todo el mundo llegaban esperando conocer a la leyenda viviente, \"Gran Z\", y surfear en una buena playa. -Qué bueno que ya terminaron de surfear-Habló una voz femenina a sus espaldas. -Hola amor-La besó. -Oigan, recuerden que estoy aquí. -Dijiste que eras su tío, no su padre-Sonrió por lo irónico de su comentario. -Prepárate, faltan unas horas para que los turistas lleguen. -Claro, será interesante convivir con ellos. -Sí, pero, mientras tanto, vamos a pescar mientras que Lani busca algunos frutos y hojas en la selva. Estuvieron durante horas juntando muchos peces para comer, un poco de leña y algunos frutos como aperitivo mientras esperaban a que los pescados se asaran. Mientras Geek tocaba el ukelele llegó Pepe \"el pollo\". -Qué onda Cody. -¡Pepe!-Lo saludó-que vientos, hace una semana que no te aparecías. -Si lo sé, pero tenía cosas que hacer con los penguanos. -Me imagino, ¿Estás listo para recibir a los turistas? -Claro, y también estoy listo para surfear. -Así se habla Pepe. Cody le dio un pescado y se sentaron, esperando divisar a la ballena. Iban todo tipo de pingüinos: Emperador, de Adelaida, de diferentes partes del mundo; Canadá, Dinamarca, Noruega y Rusia. También había una nutria, de pelaje color café oscuro, venida de España, habilidoso en tocar la guitarra, como también en el surf. Todo el viaje fue tranquilo e interesante por la música que la nutria interpretaba. Entonces la isla se divisó. -Bien, falta poco para que llegamos a la isla, prepárense para la mejor experiencia de sus vidas-Todos estaban contentos y emocionados por descender de la ballena. La ballena se detuvo, su cola servía como bajada, todos se deslizaron. Estaban emocionados, la playa si era cómo la describían los que habían estado aquí. -Bien pasen por aquí-Indicaba el ave. -Mikey-Dijo emocionado Cody. -Hola Cody. -¿Cómo te fue durante el viaje? -Bien, fue interesante, pues hay un surfista que tiene un talento musical nato. -¿Y quién es? -Él-Señaló a la nutria que traía colgada la guitarra en su espalda y sostenía su tabla de surf en la pata derecha. Observaba por todos lados, contemplaba la belleza del lugar, de repente vio algo que lo dejó congelado unos segundos, Lani estaba reanimando a un pequeño pingüino que casi se había ahogado. Se acercó a ella, para poder hablarle. -Ten más cuidado la última vez-Le recomendó al pingüinito. -Sí, gracias otra vez-Sonrió, el pingüinito se fue a otra parte, se levantó y topó con la nutria que no dejaba de verla a los ojos, sus ojos azules. Tenía la misma estatura que Cody. -Hola-Saludó amistosamente, la nutria cayó de rodillas sin dejar de mirarla, tomó su aleta derecha y besó su dorso. -Dime, ¿cómo te llamas? -Lani-Estaba un poco sonrojada por lo que había hecho el turista. -Hermoso, igual que tú. -Sí. Cody había observado todo, estaba enojado, se acercó a la escena y separó a la nutria de Lani. -¿Qué crees vos que estás haciendo? -¿Tú que crees que estás haciendo?, le estás coqueteando a mi novia. -Ah, es tu novia, me disculpo por mi atrevimiento, pero es imposible no verla y quedar flechado al instante-Lani sonrió un poco nerviosa. -¿Quién eres tú? -Que torpe soy, no me he presentado. Soy Paco, hijo de Lucía la portuguesa, así que díganme, Paco de Lucía, soy de España. ¿Y tú quién eres? -Soy Cody Maverick. -¿El discípulo de \"Gran z\"? -Sí, espero no verte haciendo esto de nuevo-Tomó de la aleta a Lani y se alejaron de ahí. -Bueno Paco, no crees que fuiste muy impertinente-Dijo un pingüino emperador, tuerto de su ojo derecho. -Sí, ¿pero cómo iba a saber que tenía novio? -¿Entonces la dejaras? -No, pues me enamoró, y no la dejaré ir, lucharé por ella. -¿Pelearas con Cody? -Claro que no, piensa Diego, somos surfistas, lo demostraremos en el agua. Se alejaron de ahí hacia una de las cabañas para descansar y poder meterse al mar… Espero que les haya gustado, dejen sus reviews que me alientan a seguir escribiendo. Debo aclarar que la nutria estaba basada en el famoso y el más grande guitarrista \"Paco de Lucía\", que a un año de su muerte, sus admiradores lo seguimos recordando con mucho cariño. Nos vemos en el próximo capítulo, se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL[Chapter 2] ¡VOLVÍ!, Esta vez un poco más rápido de lo previsto, pero no importa, antes que nada aclararé que esto no es un song fic, puesto que el personaje de paco sólo interpreta dos canciones en este único capítulo, les recomiendo que, para que sientan la magia oigan las canciones: 1.-Como el agua-de Camaron de la isla y Paco de Lucía 2.-Río Ancho-de Paco de Lucía Sin más preámbulos comencemos... -Entonces Cody retó a Tanque-Contaba Pepe, los surfistas sólo oían interesados-se metieron al agua y comenzaron a nadar hacía la primera gran ola que se formó; Cody seguro de sí se puso de pie sobre la tabla, alzó las aletas al aire con la seguridad de que montaría a la ola, y de pronto cayó siendo aplastado por la ola, fue humillante para él-todos estallaron a carcajadas. -Sí, muy gracioso Pepe-Cody estaba un poco avergonzado por haber recordado ese acontecimiento, Lani sujeto su aleta derecha en señal de comprensión. Paco tenía colgada su guitarra en la espalda, observaba la hermosa luna reflejarse en el agua. -Oye Paco-Habló Diego, la nutria lo volteó a verlo-¿qué tal si nos tocas una canción?-propuso, los surfistas comenzaron a murmurar, para finalmente exclamar: ¡Canta Paco! -Vale, lo haré-Comenzó a rascar su guitarra, la gente que caminaba por ahí comenzó a acercarse a la fogata para poder oír a la nutria, Geek se sorprendió. -Limpiaabaa el agua deeel ríííoo, cómo la estreellaa de la mañaaanaaa, liiimpiiiaaabaaa el caariñooo míííooo, al maanaantiiiaaal es túúú fueeenteee y claaaraaa-Todos los habitantes de la isla se quedaron mudos por su voz y sentimiento con el que cantaba-cooomooo el aguuuaaaa, haaay cóoomo el aguuuaaaa , cooomooo el aguuuaaa. Como el aguuaa claaraa, queee baajaa deel mooonteee, asiii quiierooo veerteee, de díaaa y de nocheee. Haaay coomooo el aguuuaaa, haaay cooomooo eel aguuaa, coomooo eeel aguuaa. Sus dedos se movían rápido, parecían pequeñas arañas, con cada toque en el trasto contaba una historia. -Yooo teee heecheee mii braazooo al hooombrooo y uunn briiillooo de luuuz de luunaaa, iiiluuumiiinaaabaaa tuus ooojooosss. Haaay coomooo el aguuuaaa, haaay cooomooo eel aguuaa, coomooo eeel aguuaa. Dee tii deeseeeo yooo tooo el caaalooor, paaa tiii miii cuuueeerpooo siii looo quieeereees túúúú´, fuuueeegooo en la saaangreee nooos corrééé a loooos dooos. Haaay coomooo el aguuuaaa, haaay cooomooo eel aguuaa, coomooo eeel aguuaa. Siii tuuuus ooojiiilloooos fueeeeraaaan aceeeiiituuuniiitaaaas veeeerdeeeees, toaaaa laaaa noooocheeee estaaaarííííaaaaa muuuueeeeleee que muuuueeeeleeee, muuuueeeeleeee que muuueeeeeleeee, toa la noooocheeee estaaaarííííaaaa mueeeeleeee queee muuueeeeleeee, muuueeeleee que muuueeeeleeee, muuueeeeleee que muuueeeleeee. Luuuuz deeeel aaaalmaaaa meeee aaaadiiiviiinaaaa queee aaaa mííí meee aaaluuumbraaaa miii coooraaaazóóón miiii cuuueeerpoooo aaaaleeeegreeee caaaamiiiiinaaaa pooorqueeee deee tiii lleeevaaa laaa iiiluuusióóón. Haaay coomooo el aguuuaaa, haaay cooomooo eel aguuaa, coomooo eeel aguuaa. Paco terminó de cantar y fue ovacionado con múltiples aplausos, era un gran artista. -Impresionante-Mencionó Geek. -Gracias, es un honor que usted me lo diga \"Gran Z\". -Por favor llámame Geek-Dijo modesto. -Por supuesto. Pepe el pollo estiró sus brazos en señal de cansancio, de pronto todos hicieron lo mismo y bostezando. -Bueno, es hora de dormir, mañana será un gran día para surfear-Todos se levantaron y se fueron a sus respectivas cabañas, Pepe apagó la fogata y se fue a descansar. La ballena había vuelto de su segundo viaje, había traído más pingüinos, pero también a otro mamífero. Los surfistas eran maestros en el arte de montar olas, Diego había vencido a diez, a pesar de no tener un ojo lograba hacer buenas piruetas. -¿Quién más quiere competir?-Lanzó el reto orgulloso de sí. -Yo-Habló una ornitorrinco venida de Sumatra. -Interesante-Sonrió prepotente-si te lastimas me avisas y te ayudare a soportar el dolor. Ella sonrió burlona, entonces una idea cruzó por su mente. -Sí me ganas haré lo que tú me pidas por un día-Escupió la apuesta, Diego sonrió ladino. -Acepto. -Pero si yo gano-Aclaró antes de comenzar-tú harás lo que yo diga por todo el día-Diego asintió gustoso. Los demás surfistas estaban emocionados por lo que iba a ocurrir. -Vamos niño bonito-Dijo retadora. -Vamos. Ambos corrieron hacia el mar y se recostaron sobre sus tablas y comenzaron a nadar. Varias olas pequeñas comenzaron a formarse. Después de unos minutos de estar nadando la gran ola comenzaba a formarse, a lo mucho cinco metros de altura. Diego se levantó y posicionó sobre su tabla dejándose llevar por la corriente; comenzaba a formar espirales dentro del primer tubo que se formó, todos los surfistas estaban fascinados y emocionados por las buenas acrobacias que hacía. Pero la ornitorrinco comenzó a girar sobre su mismo eje, logrando rebasar a Diego, después montó la punta de la ola y se colocó sobre una pata mientras que la otra la pegaba lateralmente y sus brazos estaban extendidos horizontalmente. Después hizo una vuelta hacia atrás mientras la ola se destruía y aplastaba a Diego, ella regresó sana y salva a la playa, mientras que Diego llegaba arrastrado por la corriente boca abajo con la tabla a su lado. -Eh-Diego levantó la mirada para verla-gané-sonrió triunfal, Diego dejó caer su cabeza en la arena nuevamente. Suspiró, realmente hacer ese tipo de acrobacias era agotador, sobre todo por lo equilibrado que debían estar, miró a su alrededor para ver si encontraba algo interesante. Paco se encontraba recostado sobre una palmera; observaba el mar, el sol, las nubes, sentían el viento pegarle en la cara, abrazaba su guitarra. -Hola-Paco se sobresaltó, pues fue muy sorpresivo, volteo a ver quién le había hablado. Sus ojos verdes y pelaje negro, sostenía una tabla de surf con unos dibujos de algas, era hermosa, realmente hermosa. -Hola-Correspondió. -Parece ser que no soy el único mamífero aquí. -Sí, al parecer tampoco yo-La ornitorrinco hembra sonrió. -¿Cómo te llamas? -Paco de Lucía-Respondió rápidamente. -¿Por qué de Lucía? -Porque soy hijo de Lucía la portuguesa. -Ya entendí. -¿Y cuál es el tuyo?-Esta vez fue el turno de Paco. -Krishna. -Hermoso nombre-Alagó, ella se sonrojó levemente. -¿Tocas ese instrumento? -Sí-Respondió restándole importancia. -Podrías tocar una canción. Paco dudó un poco, pero aceptó sin tapujos. Comenzó a rascar las cuerdas de su guitarra, movía sus dedos a una velocidad impresionante. Las olas comenzaban a formarse conforme tocaba su instrumento, el viento soplaba un poco más fuerte, las palmas se movían por la acción del viento, creando así la ilusión de una danza. Los cangrejos salían del agua para luego enterrarse en la arena, todo en cuatro movimientos, parecía que estaban bailando. Algunas personas se acercaban para volver a oír a Paco tocar. Las corrientes arrastraban consigo estrellas, algas, almejas y uno que otro erizo marino. La naturaleza parecía danzar ante la melodía que estaba interpretando. Las almejas abrían y cerraban la boca logrando crear el sonido de las castañuelas. Las aves se posaban sobre la palma, su guitarra parecía llorar. Los sonidos se propagaban desde el aire hasta las corrientes marinas. Krishna estaba fascinada por la magnífica ejecución de la nutria, el viento parecía que estaba coreando, mientras que hacía pequeños remolinos en la arena. Era un espectáculo, la olas se rompían cada vez que tocaba una nota diferente. Terminó la canción, el viento cesó, los cangrejos regresaron al mar, la corriente arrastró nuevamente a las ostras, estrellas y erizos, los tubos que se habían formado se deshicieron al chocar contra las rocas. Todos aplaudieron nuevamente, entre ellos Cody, Pepe, Lani y Diego. -Impresionante-Habló Pepe-deberías enseñarme a hacer eso. -Cuando quieras. -Bueno, volvamos a surfear-Dijo Lani, todos volvieron al mar. -Ahorita vuelvo-Dijo Cody a Lani, se metió a la cabaña, para sacar su tabla de surf. -Paco eres impresionante-Alagó Lani, él se sonrojo un poco. -Bueno…-Tartamudeaba. Diego vio algo que posiblemente le ayudaría a Paco, Lani estaba a sólo quince centímetros de distancia. -Paco…-Diego \"tropezó\", empujando a Lani, quién cayó sobre Paco, sus labios se unió con su pico, se separaron, desviaron las miradas, estaban avergonzados, Krishna estaba sorprendida y Diego sonreía cómplice. El sonido de una tabla de surf chocando contra la arena hizo que voltearan a la derecha, Cody estaba decepcionado y furioso a la vez, Lani se levantó rápidamente para poder explicarse: -Cody… -Cállate-Dijo cortante-y tú español-apuntó acusadoramente-tendremos un duelo, exactamente en una semana, así que practica bien. -¿Qué pasará si gano?-Preguntó intrigado Paco. -Terminare con Lani-Le dolió decirlo, pero su orgullo era más importante ahora, Paco sonrió feliz por la propuesta. -Pero si yo ganó, te irás y nunca volverás. Se alejó de ahí para luego internarse en la selva. Espero que les halla gustado... quiero agradecer de antemano a: Raven Queen. Ever after high por haber sido la primera persona en dejarme un review en esta historia, espero que leas este capítulo. Los invito a dejar sus reviews que me alientan a seguir escribiendo... Nos vemos hasta el próximo capítulo, se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL[Chapter 3] Hola, al parecer estoy decidido a acabar esta historia, por eso no me tardo mucho en actualizar, no se sií en tres capítulo más la acabaré, ó puede ser que uno o dos mas, dependiendo de como esté mi imaginación. Sin más preámbulos comencemos... Después de caminar alrededor de veinte minutos decidió sentarse sobre un tronco para analizar lo sucedido. Necesitaba reflexionar y encontrar una solución. -¿Y si realmente fue un accidente?-Se preguntó en voz alta-y si así fue, ya hice el reto y no puedo arrepentirme-debía afrontar las consecuencias de sus decisiones, tenía la cabeza gacha, se llevó una aleta a su cabeza y luego a su cara, no estaba pensando con claridad. De pronto sintió algo clavarse en la parte trasera del tronco, volteó hacía atrás y se dio cuenta que se trataba de un dardo somnífero, lo desclavó y lo observó un momento. De repente otro dardo pasó a unos cinco centímetros de sus ojos por el lado izquierdo, miró en esa dirección para encontrar una respuesta a esos suceso, sin esperar nada veinte de dardos iban directo a él, saltó hacia el tronco para cubrirse, después de que cesaron los disparos se levantó intentando ver quién le había disparado; pudo percibir una silueta de un metro ochenta corriendo, intentado huir de ahí. Corrió para de alguna manera alcanzarlo, temía perderlo de vista; la selva era frondosa y extensa, era difícil no perderse en ella, su belleza y misterio eran impresionantes. Se hubiera podido quedar e incluso internarse en ella, pero debía alcanzar a aquél que le había lanzado los dardos. La oscuridad de la selva desapareció, dando paso a la luz brillante del sol y la arena, que aunado a los sonidos de las olas romperse contra las rocas hacía algo parecido a una sinfónica. Hace tanto que no iba, desde que el \"Concurso en Homenaje a Gran Z\" había desaparecido esa parte de la isla había sido abandonada y todo habitante se cambió a la otra parte, donde vivía Gran Z. Perdió su rastro, todo el esfuerzo había sido en vano, suspiró derrotado y frustrado, pero al menos podría estar un arto ahí, tranquilo y sin nadie que perturbara su mente, se sentó a la orilla del mar para observarlo y reflexionar. -Oye tú-Habló alguien a sus espaldas, dio media vuelta y observó; grande, complexión robusta y fornida, el pelo casi tapándole los ojos y su tatuaje en el lado izquierdo. -¿Eres tú?-Dijo en última instancia, estaba sorprendido. Apenas una media hora pasaba desde que Cody se había internado en la selva, Pepe estaba consternado por la actitud que adoptó, pero lo atribuía a que se sintió traicionado, a pesar de que la culpa no fue de Lani sino de Diego. Paco estaba pensando sobre la apuesta que Cody lanzó, por un lado le convenía ganar, y por el otro la veía difícil no regresar al paraíso que la Isla Pen Gu representaba. Pero eso no quitaba el hecho de que lo que Diego ocasionó estuviera bien, en parte estaba molesto, pero debía aceptar que había sido emocionante. -Bueno Paco, está es la quinta vez que hago algo que te beneficia-Mencionó Diego quien bebía un coco. -Sí, pero fue un poco imprudente de tu parte-Dijo mientras daba un mordisco a un calamar en un palito. -Pero no digas que no te fascino haber besado a la sexi salvavidas. -Oye sin términos lascivos por favor-Estaba un poco molesto por el comentario. -Hay por favor, cómo si tú no la vieras de esa manera. -No, yo no soy un degenerado como tú. -Claro, perdóname si me gustan las hembras. -De todas formas estoy viendo la apuesta de Cody, es un gran surfista, y es el discípulo de Gran Z. -¿Y eso qué?, yo podría vencerlo si me lo propusiera. -No puedes ni siquiera vencer a Pepe el pollo y te crees capaz de hacerlo con Cody. -Te puedo demostrar que puedo vencer a ese Pollo, pero tendrá que ser en un día que yo creí necesario. -Yo creí que era un pingüino, no una gallina-Se burló de Diego. -No me tientes Paco, porque sabes que lo haré. -Perdón, no sabía que fueras tan sensible. -Tonterías, pero hablando bien, ¿crees que Krishna acepté ir conmigo a dar un paseo por la selva? -Bueno, te portaste como un cretino cuando aceptó tu reto, sí claro, aceptara. -Claro sarcástico. -Inténtalo, no te harás daño. -Bien-Se levantó, terminó por beberse su coco y luego lo arrojó lejos, caminó hacia donde se encontraba, justo afuera de su cabaña. Krishna alcanzó a verlo, temblaba un poco por el nerviosismo. -Hola Diego. -Ho…hola Krishna-Estaba un poco inseguro por hablarle. -¿Qué se te ofrece? -Venía… bueno quería… no… -Perdón no te entiendo. -¿Quisieras dar un paseo conmigo por la selva?-Escupió finalmente. -Si me hubieras vencido, créeme que aceptaría sin chistar, pero cómo fui yo la vencedora, mi respuesta es no-Diego suspiró un poco enojado. -Bueno, gracias por escuchar-Dio media vuelta, estaba por retirarse. -Espera-Él volteó a verla. -¿Qué? -Cómo yo fui la vencedora, tienes que hacer lo que yo te pida por un día. -Cierto-Dijo casi murmurando. -Entonces, quiero ir a pasear con Paco por la selva, ¿se puede? -¿Por qué no se le preguntas a él? -Porque te tengo a ti durante un día para que hagas lo que yo quiera, así que por favor ve y dile. -Sí-Se retiró de ahí enojado hacia donde estaba Paco. Paco lo vio llegar y le preguntó: -¿Qué tal te fue, aceptó? -No. -Lo siento amigo, será para la próxima-Comenzó a rascar las cuerdas de su guitarra -Pero quiere ir contigo-Paco desafino las notas de la impresión. -¿Qué? -Lo que oíste. -¿Y por qué no viene a decirme ella? -Porque perdí una apuesta. -Encantado. -Bien-Y de nueva cuenta fue a donde Krishna y le dijo lo que había dicho Paco. -Bien, dile que en una hora vamos. -Sí. Y así fue de nuevo a donde Paco y le dijo lo de Krishna, él asintió interesado y contento. No podía creerlo, no había sabido nada de él desde el último campeonato, el cual había ganado Pepe. -¿Qué haces aquí en mi playa?-Preguntó. -Pues estaba siguiendo a alguien que me había lanzado dardos para dormirme. -Ese fui yo-No dejaba de sorprenderle. -¿Enserio?, Tanque ¿por qué? -Creí que eras un intruso. -Ah, ahora lo entiendo, y dime, ¿qué haces aquí? -Vivo aquí. -¿No te habías ido con Regie? -Claro que no, de todas maneras hubiera estado en la misma ó peor condición en la que me encuentro ahora. -Lo siento. -No importa, ¿quieres conocer mi casa? -Sí-Aceptó sin mucho esmero. Era una pequeña cabaña hecha con hojas de palma y unas cuantas conchas. -Te fascinaran las chicas-Mencionó emocionado. -¿Viven contigo? -Claro, si no estaría sólo-Levantó unas hojas que servían como puertas-bienvenido, chicas trátenlo bien. -No es necesario Tanque-Al entrar vio dos repisas con puros cocos con caras dibujadas. -Te las presentaré-Fue la repisa lateral derecha al fondo-ésta es Karina-señaló la primera-ella es Briadna-así continuo durante un rato presentando a los cocos con cara dibujada. -Se ven amigables-Dijo un poco incómodo por la escena de Tanque. -Y lo son. -¿Sigues surfeando?-Preguntó casualmente. -Claro, eso nunca lo dejaría. -Mira no sé si me desesperación me está haciendo que te pida este favor. -¿Qué pasa?-Preguntó intrigado. -He retado a alguien, mi orgullo y honor están en juego, y cómo tú ganaste varios campeonatos seguidos… -Sólo ve al grano. -¿Quieres entrenarme?-Tanque lo dudó unos segundos, nunca había entrenado a alguien, pues a él le repudiaba eso. -Está bien-En el rostro de Cody se dibujó una gran sonrisa. -Gracias, pero lo malo es que no me traje mi tabla. -Te presto una de las mías, comenzaremos mañana. -Que bien. -Bien, ahora ayúdame a buscar leña para en la noche hacer la cena. -Sí-Y comenzó a rodear la playa en busca de cortezas de palmera y pedazos de tronco, pues un nuevo entrenamiento comenzaría, de algo estaba seguro, es que quería derrotar a Paco. Bueno, espero que les haya gustado, dejen sus reviews, que me alientan a seguir escribiendo, nos vemos hasta el próximo capítulo. Se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL[Chapter 4] Bueno, he aquí el cuarto capítulo de esta historia, si, estoy decidido a terminarla, creo que en dos capítulos más ó quizás tres, el tiempo y mi imaginación lo decidirán, entonces siguiendo con lo nuestro, el cuarto capítulo. Sin más preámbulos, comencemos... Esperaba frente a la selva, paciente, la llegada de Paco, observaba la imponente flora, bella y peligrosa, el espíritu de aventura la empujaba a seguir. -Ya estoy-Dijo Paco a sus espaldas-¿nos vamos? -Sí. Se adentraron en lo que sería un aventura, interesante como peligrosa, puesto que no conocían nada, ni desviaciones, ni trampas puestas por los Penguanos, nada, pero eso era lo que ellos esperaban. Caminaron alrededor de dos horas, no se habían topado con algo peligroso, eso era una buena señal, la extensa flora impedía en ciertos tramos que la luz del sol entrara e iluminara. Una idea cruzó por la mente de Krishna. -Ven-Jaló a Paco hacía el suroeste. -¿A dónde vamos? -Te darás cuenta al rato. Después de unos veinte minutos comenzaron a percibir que la temperatura aumentaba un poco, y una ligera capa de vapor empezaba a rodearlos. -Llegamos. -¿A una de las aberturas del volcán? -Sí-Arrancó unas grandes hojas de un palmera cercana y se la extendió. -¿Y esto para qué? -No querrás terminar con heridas-Eso lo confundió a un más-ahora sólo cúbrete el vientre-y lo aventó al hoyo. -¡No!-Cayó sobre una especie de tobogán de piedra dentro del volcán. -Déjate llevar-Dijo Krishna quien se le había adelantado. Paco se sujetó a la hoja y se impulsó con todo su peso; había varias cosas dentro de ahí, pequeñas erupciones en la lava, unas cuantas rajaduras que soltaban aire de vez en cuando. -Te venceré-Dijo Paco arrebasándola-adiós perdedora-terminó su tubo y cayó a algo viscoso y brillante-¿qué es esto?-tomó un poco y lo observó detenidamente. -Según lo que me contaron, eso de arriba-Señaló lo que estaba brillando-son gusanos, entonces es popo. -¡Popo!-De repente le cayó una gran masa de excremento en la cabeza, Krishna comenzó a reírse sin parar-sí muy gracioso-la tomó por la pata izquierda y la metió también. -Guacala-Paco le arrojó una gran bola, ella se la quitó de la cara-así-le arrojó otra directo en el hocico. Estuvieron jugando durante un rato, después buscaron la salida. Era relajante sentir el agua de la cascada en todo el cuerpo, el atardecer estaba a punto de culminar, era cuestión de horas. -Fue divertido-Mencionó Paco. -Sí que lo fue, lástimas que tendré que durar varias horas aquí para que el excremento se quite. -Qué sensible-Dijo burlón-gracias por invitarme a caminar. -Sabía que sería interesante-Se sentó en un roca-Paco, cuéntame tu historia. -¿Cómo?-Volteó a verla un poco confundido. -Tú vida, después yo te contaré la mía. -Bueno, no es muy interesante. -No lo creo. -Nací y crecí en Chiclana de la Frontera, provincia de Cádiz, mi madre era ama de casa, siempre me cuidó y educó en el hogar, y mi padre era músico, conocido como \"el Matador\". -¿Por qué Matador? -Porque sus notas que ejecutaba en la guitarra eran tan precisas que parecían que te atravesaban el corazón. -Impresionante. -Yo comencé a tocar la guitarra desde los siete años, gracias a que mi padre me llevaba con él a las fiestas que organizaba con sus amigos ó incluso con el rey. -Con razón eres tan bueno. -No lo soy, mi padre lo fue. -No seas tan modesto. -En fin, esa es mi historia. -Mentira-Afirmó Krishna. -¿Por qué lo dices? -Ni si quiera me has contado cómo te interesó el surf. -Oh, estando un día caminando por la playa junto con mi padre, vi a un pingüino emperador montando una gran ola, era impresionante ver lo que hacía; cruzaba tubos, montaba las orillas entes de que se deshicieran, en fin muchas cosas. -¿Era Diego? -No, su padre. Cuando vino a la playa fui a saludarlo y decirle que era increíble lo que hacía, él me dijo que el surf es cuestión de decisión y trabajo. Su hijo se acercó a mí y se presentó, su nombre era Diego, comenzamos a jugar, entonces mi papá me dejó ahí para divertirme mientras él se recostaba sobre una hamaca. -Entonces así conociste a Diego-Comprendió la duda que había retenido, el asintió. -Pero él es un asno. -Quizás, pero estuvo conmigo siempre y mostró su apoyo incondicional, es cómo un hermano para mí. -¿Entonces son muy amigos desde la infancia? -Sí, al morir mi padre cuando tenía quince años, demostró estar ahí cuando más lo necesitaba-Esa parte de la historia la dejó boquiabierta y le dio un poco de tristeza. -Lo siento por lo de tu padre. -No importa, eso ya quedó en el pasado. -¿Pero cómo aprendiste a surfear? -El padre de Diego me enseñó este bello arte, y con ello comenzó esta afición y modo de vida. -Interesante. -Ahora cuéntame tú-Dijo Paco. -Nací en Sumatra, aunque mis padres emigraron de Australia, de niña siempre me sobreprotegían, puesto que tenía un frágil estado de salud en ese entonces. -¿Qué te pasaba? -Mis huesos eran muy débiles, podría rompérmelos con cualquier cosa hasta lo ridículamente simple. Mi padre era un gran surfista, de ahí tomé el cariño, cuando cumplí dieciséis años, mis padres decidieron que era hora de afrontar mis batallas, mi padre me enseñó a surfear. Pero después ocurrió la tragedia… -¿Qué pasó? -Mi padre perdió una pierna, víctima de un tiburón que quería comérselo, se salvó pero le costó una extremidad. A partir de ese suceso me alejé del surf por un tiempo. -¿Enserió?-Ella asintió, Paco miró hacia el suelo para seguir concentrándose en la historia. -Pero luego de un tiempo comencé a comprender que el surf era mi vida, y que nada me lo arrebataría, ni siquiera el miedo, así que volví a surfear, y heme aquí. -Interesante-Paco sonrió por la determinación que había mostrado. -Y esa es mi historia. -Me sorprendió-Observo a lo lejos los últimos rayos del sol ocultándose, la selva estaba oscureciendo-debemos irnos. -Pero antes-Detuvo Krishna-¿qué relación tienes con la salvavidas Lani? -Nada por ahora-Krishna sonrió motivada-pero dentro de siete días ella será mía-la sonrisa poco a poco desapareció. -¿Por qué lo dices? -Porque Cody me retó a un duelo, si ganó terminará con Lani y yo tendré el campo libre-Ella agachó la cabeza decepcionada. -Ya veo. -¿Por qué la pregunta?-Rápidamente levantó la mirada y fingió una sonrisa convincente. -Curiosidad, ya vámonos. Y con eso comenzaron el rumbo directo a casa. El sol ya había iluminado toda la playa, era medio día, observó a su alrededor, Cody estaba dormido sobre la arena boca arriba, se acercó a él, cerca del oído y gritó: -¡Despierta flojo!-Cody se levantó asustado y gritando. -¿Cuál es tu problema?-Preguntó un poco irritado. -Mi problema es que empezaremos el entrenamiento-Dijo autoritario. -Está bien-Se sacudió el polvo que traía en la espalda y abdomen-¿qué haremos? -¿Haremos?-Cody arqueó una ceja confundido-pecho tierra y haz doscientas lagartijas. -¿Por qué tantas? -¡No cuestiones y hazlo!-Y así Cody lo hizo-esto te ayudara a endurecer los brazos para nadar más rápido. Mientras Cody hacía las lagartijas, Tanque buscaba corteza de palma, comenzó a formar un camino de unos cinco metros de largo y comenzaba a hacer fuego. -Ya terminé-Vio un camino de fuego de al menos unos cinco metros de largo-¿para qué hiciste eso? -Lo cruzaras-Respondió con simpleza. -¿Qué?-Preguntó exaltado, aún le dolían los brazos-no voy hacerlo. -Perdón señorita, creí escuchar ayer que si querías que te entrenaba-Cody agachó la cabeza un poco arrepentido por haberle dicho. -Bien-Apenas un dedo piso el fuego sintió cómo si todo su cuerpo ardiera. -¡Ah!-Se sentó se mojó con saliva la ala derecha para poder enfriarse el dedo. -Cody no te comportes como una hembra sensible-Cody lo miró molesto, pero tenía que aceptar las consecuencias de sus decisiones, se levantó y de nueva cuenta se puso frente al camino. Puso una pata, sintió arder en el infierno, puso la otra, ya no las sentía. Lani estaba encima de la roca donde vigilaba que nadie se estuviera ahogando, estaba decepcionada y triste por lo que había ocurrido ayer, nunca vio a Cody ponerse así, pero la apuesta que hizo la sorprendió y extraño, se sintió como un objeto del que se pueden deshacer cuando se les plazca. -Hola Lani-Habló Pepe a sus espaldas, ella volteó a verlo. -Hola Pepe-Saludó un poco desanimada, Pepe se sentó junto a ella-¿ya encontraron a Cody? -No, se escondió muy bien, pero los penguanos siguen-Puso un ala sobre Pepe-pero hay algo que te inquieta, ¿puedes externarlo? -Es que es decepcionante que por un accidente Cody no me creyera-Acariciaba de los tentáculos a su calamar. -Supongo que eso se debe a que Paco desde un principio quiso conquistarte, y verte en esa situación comprometedora lo destrozó. -Pero no fue mi culpa-Se defendió del argumento de Pepe. -Lo sabemos Lani, pero tal vez Cody se esté desahogando, quizás cuando regresé olvide todo. -Ojalá-Pepe sonrió por la actitud de Lani-gracias Pepe por escucharme. -Para eso somos los amigos-Se levantó-bueno, si me disculpas, debo ir con Geek. -Ve Pepe-Continuó observando la playa y el mar, pensando en lo que había dicho Pepe. Terminó de subir la palma sujetando en el hocico una cuerda que amarraba una gran roca, con su aleta retiró la cuerda y la amarró a la palma, bajó de ahí. La roca colgaba como un péndulo. -Tanque, ya está-Tanque se cercioró, efectivamente estaba colgada. -Bueno, ya es hora de comer, vamos. -Genial, me muero de hambre, ¿qué comeremos? -Aleta de tiburón-Cody arrugó el entrecejo. -¿Enserio? -Sí-Miró a su alrededor y no había siquiera fuego para cocinar, ni tampoco un cuerpo de tiburón. -¿Dónde está? -Ahí-Señaló hacía el mar, una prominente aleta dorsal se hizo presente-desde que abandonaron esta playa vienen con un poco más de frecuencia. -¿Lo cazaras? -No-Cody lo vio confundido-tú lo harás. -¿Qué?-Era un suicidio, contando el hecho de que no sabía cazar. -No es tanto que lo vas a cazar, sino que serás la carnada y lo atraerás hasta la playa y yo lo mataré y lo comeremos. -Tanque es un suicidio y estoy muy cansado. -No pasará nada, si no puedes, yo lo mataré antes de que te haga daño, esto es parte de tu entrenamiento. -Bien-Cody se fue hasta la orilla, vio la distancia entre el tiburón y él, cuarenta metros para ser exactos, entró al agua, nado un poco, el tiburón seguía estando lejos de él. De repente la aleta dorsal dio un giro y quedó frente a él, comenzó a acercarse muy rápido, Cody dio media vuelta y nado lo más rápido que podía, pero el tiburón era más rápido, faltaban unos centímetros para llegar a la playa, y unos diez para que el tiburón lo alcanzara. De repente se oyó el crujido de algo, miró hacia atrás, Tanque había aplastado la cabeza del tiburón con una gran roca, Cody inhalaba y exhalaba con dificultad, estaba temblando, pues había sido una experiencia aterradora que no deseaba repetir nunca más. -Bien hecho, descansa mientras yo preparo la comida-Cody se dejó caer sobre la arena-mañana continuaremos con el entrenamiento. Tanque agarró al tiburón de la aleta caudal y lo arrastró hasta afuera de su cabaña, para luego sacar un cuchillo y comenzar a cortar las aletas al tiburón. Espero que les haya gustado, agradezco a todos los que leen el fic, y a aquellos que comentan, de todo corazón gracias, nos vemos hasta el próximo capítulo, se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERAL[Chapter 5] Hola, he regresado, la verdad es muy agotador escribir esta historia, aunque había dicho que en el capítulo dos era el único capítulo donde los personajes interpretarían canciones, pues me retracto, este capítulo también lo harán, las canción en orden son estas: 1.- Tomatito-Macael (Taranta) 2.- Manzanita- Cosa Nostra (Donna Mia) Estoy decidido a acabar esta hist oria, por eso no tardo mucho en actualizar. Sin más preámbulos, comencemos... Estaba atónita, la perlaba brillaba intensamente a la luz de la luna, era hermosa, estaba sosteniéndola entre sus aletas, la nota se encontraba al lado de la ostra, la tomó y leyó: \" Te espero a la media noche en la palma donde siempre me recuesto, te preparé algo especial, no faltes\" Atentamente Paco No sabía si ir ó no, Paco la quería, pero ella a él no, no traicionaría a Cody por una aventura aunque él la haya tratado cómo un objeto, debía esclarecer todo. Faltaban cómo veinte minutos para que el plazo de espera se venciera, se sentó sobre la hamaca y agarró un collar de Gran Z, era el que Cody había arrojado al mar molesto cuando supo la verdad de Geek, ella lo había encontrado al día siguiente a la orilla, lo contempló durante un rato, sabía lo que debía hacer. La luna estaba en su mejor punto, era hermosa, le hacía recordar sus momentos en Andalucía, cortos, pero significativos, siempre había vivido con la música. Rascaba las cuerdas de su guitarra con tal delicadeza, que incluso podría decirse que la acariciaba. -Bonita melodía-Habló Lani atrás de él. -Gracias-Dijo sin dejar de tocar. Ella se puso frente a él, él la miró a los ojos, sin dejar de rascar las cuerdas de su guitarra en ningún momento. -¿Para qué me citaste? -Necesitamos hablar, y haré que esta noche sea mágica para ambos-Lani lo miró confundida-cierra los ojos por favor. -Bien-Así lo hizo, Diego bajó desde las hojas de la palmera con un mantel, y una canasta tejida a mano. Acomodó dos hojas, una frente a Lani, y otra frente a Paco, puso dos pescados en ellas, luego colocó una gran vela en el centro y la encendió, después rompió un coco y sirvió en dos vasos. -Me la debes-Le susurró al oído a Paco, Paco asintió sonriendo, se retiró de ahí tan pronto había acabado. -Ya puedes abrirlos-Al hacerlo quedó sorprendida por el detalle. -¿Un picnic nocturno? -Sí-Era un bonito gesto, pero tenía que aclarar todo de una vez por todas. -Paco… -No hables por favor, primero come y luego ya dices lo que tengas que decir. Ella dio un bocado al pescado, quedó sorprendida por lo bien preparado que estaba, era mejor que las parrilladas que hacía Geek. -Está muy bueno. -Verdad que sí. -¿Tú lo cocinaste? -No, fue mi mejor amigo Diego. -Pues lo felicitas de mi parte. -Con gusto. Seguía tocando, ambientaba el lugar, estaba inspirado, con sólo verla frente a él, ella terminó de comer. -Paco, ahora sí debemos hablar. -Comienza si quieres. -No puedo hacerlo al menos que dejes de tocar-Él paró en seco y dejó su guitarra a un lado. -¿De qué quieres hablar? -Sobre tu obsesión conmigo. -No es una obsesión-Dijo a la defensiva. -Bueno, tal vez me equivoqué, pero debes dejar de ilusionarte conmigo. -¿Por qué?-Preguntó nervioso. -Porque yo amo a Cody, nada más a él. -Pero yo te amo a ti. -No es cierto, sólo fue una ilusión que se desencadeno por una simple atracción-Explicó, Paco agachó la cabeza decepcionado. -Fue una estupidez hacer esto-Suspiró un poco molesto porque su esfuerzo había sido en vano. -No, puesto que gracias a ti he podido aclarar dudas. -Le diré a Cody que renunció y que no volveré a esta isla. -Paco, no seas tan radical-Quiso hacerlo entrar en razón. -No hay razón para concursar si no voy a poder ganar tu corazón-Ella sintió compasión por él. -Pero hay más chicas, y creo que una de ellas es la indicada. -¿Por ejemplo? -No sé, Krishna-Miró hacia otra parte, comenzaba a sonrojarse. -Ella es sólo una amiga. -No mientas Paco, si tienes sentimientos hacia ella. -No sé de qué me hablas. -Pero fueron a pasear juntos-La vio sorprendido. -¿Cómo lo sabes? -Pues ella me dijo antes de que fueran, me preguntó que se podía hacer en esta isla a parte de internarse en la selva, yo le dije que se deslizaran por el tobogán, ella se fue muy emocionada, creo que tú le gustas-Estaba sorprendido, nunca se hubiera imaginado eso de ella-¿y qué dices? -No tengo la menor idea de que hacer. -Pensarás en algo, lo sé, eres un gran artista, y un chico muy dulce-Le dio un beso en la mejilla para luego retirarse a su cabaña y dormir. Paco dobló el mantel y lo metió a la canasta junto con los vasos y la vela, seguía pensando en lo que le había dicho Lani, admitía que Krishna era atractiva y era una gran surfista, pero por alguna razón no podía verla de una forma romántica. Observó de nuevo la luna, necesitaba encontrar una respuesta. -¿Qué debo hacer?-De repente una estrella fugaz se hizo presente. \"Pide un deseo\", le había dicho su madre esa noche en Andalucía, el rey le pidió a su padre que tocara para él, ese era el lugar destinado, y los había llevado a los dos. Sonrió ante el bello recuerdo de su infancia, la nostalgia se hizo presente, otra estrella fugaz se presentó. -Desearía aclarar las cosas-Observó durante unos minutos más para luego irse a su cabaña a dormir. Sentía cómo si un cuchillo estuviera cortándole la piel, Tanque estaba tatuándolo con un palo quemado, el entrenamiento había sido muy agotador, pero su cuerpo se había tonificado, su resistencia mejoró, la decisión fue la correcta. -Debes dejar que cicatrice-Arrojó el palo a lo lejos, Cody se levantó y fue hacia el mar para poder apreciarlo, estaba en el lado izquierdo del vientre, eran una especie de dientes, los de un tiburón para ser exactos. -¿Ahora qué hay que hacer?-Preguntó Cody. -Dentro de una hora surfearemos por el deshuesadero. -¿Enserio?-Observó cómo una ola se rompía al chocar contra esas rocas. -Sí, después de mi aplastante derrota y el abandono de la isla, decidí vencerlo, y lo logré, entonces tú también lo harás, sólo deja se te cicatrice el tatuaje y después surfearemos-Se retiró a su cabaña para empezar a hacer la comida. Paco salió rápidamente al percatarse de que había dejado su guitarra en la playa, temía lo peor, fue hacia donde estaba la palma, pero se detuvo al ver cómo ella rascaba la guitarra, tenía sus ojos cerrados. La tocaba con una maestría impresionante, todos los surfistas empezaron a acercarse para poder ver, el viento hacia que las palmas se movieran, asimilando una danza. -Aaaahhhh, aaaaaahhhh, aaaaahhhhh, aaaaahhhh, aaaahhhh, aaaaaaaahhhhh, aaaaahhhhh, aaaaahhhh, miiiooo, yo te entregoooo el coraaazóóónn miooo, yo te entregoooo el aaamooor es miiooo, lalololailola, lalololailola, lalololailola, lalololailolaaaaa…-Su toque era delicado, era como si acariciara una pluma, las olas comenzaban a formarse, los cangrejos salían de sus guaridas y entraban al mar. Pepe, Lani, Geek y Diego se acercaron a observar la escena cómo todos los demás, nadie hubiera pensado que la ornitorrinco pudiera ejecutar el instrumento de Paco, era impresionante. Paco captaba algo más profundo en la melodía, era un sentimiento, estaba confesando algo, ¿lo que había dicho Lani era cierto?, no tenía la respuesta aún, sólo sabía que Krishna era alguien impresionante. -Quizás ella es la musa que tanto habías buscado-Comentó Diego, volteó a verlo y luego reflexionó. \"Diego, no quiero una aventura, ni quiero tampoco un romance efímero y cursi, necesito mi musa\" había dicho aquel atardecer después de haber surfeado por horas. \"Pero no crees que con esa mentalidad te vayas a quedar sólo y amargado, y todo por una fantasía\", Diego opinó, en cierta parte eso se había cumplido durante algunos años. -No sé qué hacer-Dijo un poco desanimado. -Ten en cuenta que aquí se va a definir una parte de tu historia y tu destino dependiendo de la decisión que tomes. -Estoy consciente de ello. Krishna terminó de tocar, abrió los ojos y fue recibida con miles de aplausos, entre ellos los de Paco, se sonrojó un poco al verlo que le sonreía. -Discúlpame-Le dio la guitarra. -¿Por qué he de disculparte?-Preguntó un poco confundido. -Por tocar tu guitarra sin permiso-Explicó un poco apenada. -No hay problema, ¿por qué no me dijiste que también tocabas la guitarra? -Porque no la tocó, yo toco una sitara, y cómo tu guitarra es instrumento de cuerda quise experimentar. -Pues te salió excelente. -No, a comparación de ti, apenas soy principiante. -¿Cuánto llevas tocando? -Cinco años. -Pues para ese tiempo creo que ya estás a mi nivel. Krishna sonrió por el comentario, Paco estaba feliz, las respuestas estaban llegando por si solas. La tabla le doblaba la altura, pero eso ya no era problema para él, faltaban dos días para que el desafío comenzara. -¿Estás preparado para la prueba final del entrenamiento?-Dijo Tanque que estaba a su lado izquierdo. -Estoy más que listo. -Entonces nademos-Entraron al agua, comenzaron a aletear para avanzar hacia la primera ola que se estaba formando. Era enorme, montaron a la bestia, se entrecruzaban formando espirales en el agua. -Vas bien Cody-Dijo Tanque orgulloso. -Gracias Tanque. -Ten cuidado, que lo que vendrá a continuación es la prueba. La ola comenzaba a arrastrarlos hacia el deshuesadero, la ola chocó contra las rocas y se deshizo, Cody no podía ver por la brisa, pero después vio cerca una roca, la esquivó rápidamente, seguía surfeando, más rocas se atravesaban. -¡Tanque!-Lo había perdido de vista, continuaba esquivando. Una enorme aleta dorsal se asomó, después dejó al descubierto su mandíbula y afilados dientes, iba directo hacia el tiburón, tragó grueso, reprimió su miedo, se agarró de una de las rocas y desvió a su derecha. El tiburón se sumergió y comenzó a nadar rápidamente, quería devorarlo. Faltaban tres filas de rocas para llegar sano y salvo a la playa, pero de repente el tiburón saltó delante de él, abrió la mandíbula, Cody sólo observó esperando la muerte próxima. De repente Tanque saltó atrás de él y golpeó con su tabla al gran tiburón, después la volvió a colocar en sus patas. -¡Vamos!-Lo tomó de su aleta derecha y lo impulsó, estaba a treinta metros de llegar, del agua saltó de nuevo el tiburón, tratando ahora de comerse a Tanque. Tanque saltó hacia el agua, nadaba forzosamente para intentar llegar a una de las rocas, Cody miró la playa y luego a Tanque, giró hacia donde Tanque. El tiburón era más rápido, le pisaba los talones, unos metros más y moriría. De pronto una gran roca cayó sobre el escualo matándolo al instante, Tanque detuvo el nado y miró hacia arriba Cody estaba respirando con un poco de dificultad, estaba en una de las rocas. -¡Bien hecho Cody!-Dijo Tanque, Cody era un prodigio, eso debía aceptarlo-¡vamos! Nadaron hasta la playa, Cody cayó al suelo, había sido agotador, pero por lo menos ya sabía dónde haría el desafío. El atardecer comenzaba, el cielo se había teñido de naranja, extrañaba a Lani, debía aceptar que fue un grandísimo patán, tal vez era mejor cancelar todo, pero su orgullo estaba en juego, ya había concluido el más forzoso y difícil entrenamiento físico, pero necesitaba disculparse con Lani, cerró los ojos para poder ordenar sus ideas, pues en dos días el desafío comenzaría. Espero que les haya gustado, dejen sus reviews que me alientan a seguir escribiendo, creó que en dos capítulos más esta historia terminará o quizás el siguiente capítulo sea el último, el destino y la imaginación dirán, nos vemos hasta el próximo capítulo, se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL[Chapter 6] Bueno, lo he decidido el siguente capítulo será el último, pero creo que lo publicaré hasta la siguiente semana porque viajare a Puebla este fin, agradezco a todos aquellos que han leído este fic, prducto de la imaginación de un loco soñador... Sin más preámbulos, comencemos... Lo había decidido, el duelo sería ahí, en el deshuesadero, pero debía cruzar la mitad de la isla para llegar a la otra playa para decirle a Paco y a los demás que serían expectantes. -Tanque regresaré en unas horas. -¿A dónde vas?-Preguntó un poco confuso. -A la otra playa, necesito decirle a mi rival que aquí se efectuará el duelo. -¿Ya reflexionaste lo que hablamos ayer? -Sí. -¿Estás seguro que quieres hacerlo todavía? -Sí-Dijo sin tartamudear. -Bueno, es tú decisión, así que no te detendré. Se internó de nuevo en la selva, estaba seguro, entrenó arduamente para ese día y nada cambiaría eso. -¿Por qué es tan importante ganar el duelo?-Le preguntó Tanque curioso. -Porque mi honor está en juego, aposté a Lani, si pierdo terminaré con ella, pero si gano el español se irá para siempre-Decía con determinación. -¿No crees que estás llegando demasiado lejos por una tontería?-Cody no pudo evitar reírse por la ironía. -Mira quien lo dice, el que hacia trampas y casi murió en aquel torneo nada más para conseguir un mugroso trofeo-Tanque frunció el ceño. -Ese es el antiguo yo, aquel ególatra y soberbio que no pensaba en nada más que la gloria y la ovación-Argumentó-pero soy otro ahora y te estoy aconsejando que lo dejes, que te disculpes con Lani y todos terminen bien. Esa conversación lo hizo reflexionar por un efímero momento, pero desecho ese pensamiento para seguir en pie al duelo. Camino por las fosas de lava, los recuerdos fluían. -¿Qué es esto?-Preguntó cuándo Lani le entregó una hoja. -No querrás llenarte de cortadas, vamos-Quiso aventarlo al fondo, pero él fue más rápido y evadió. -¡No!, yo puedo solo…-Cayó y su voz se fue repitiendo por el eco. Rio por el recuerdo, fue la primera vez que pudo estar a solas con ella. -¿Por qué te importa tanto? -Es mi tío, es mi único pariente-Eso lo puso pensativo por la manera en lo que lo trató-vuelve con él. -No lo sé, he sido un pesado. -Pues ve a no ser un pesado-Lo alentó, así lo hizo, esa noche había hecho su propia tabla de surf. Necesitaba pensar un poco más, se sentó sobre un tronco y reflexionó unos momentos. Paco y Krishna conversaban, estaban felices cerca del otro, observaban el mar y las olas, estaban apoyados con sus patas atrás de su espalda, poco a poco sus manos se toparon hasta juntarse, al darse cuenta ambos se separaron y desviaron la mirada, estaban nerviosos y sonrojados. -Krishna-Dijo mirándola directamente a los ojos. -Paco-Sus rostros comenzaron a acercarse, podían sentir la respiración del otro. -¡Paco!-Llamó Diego interrumpiendo el momento-un pingüino de Francia te retó a montar unas olas. -No ves que estoy ocupado-Dijo molesto, Diego entendió. -Bueno, le diré que será en otro momento-Estaba a punto de irse. -Espera-Habló Krishna sorprendiendo a ambos-Paco acepta el reto. -Pero… -Quiero ver que tal montas las olas niño bonito-Paco rio, ella besó su mejilla animándolo. -Bien-Cogió su tabla, colgó su guitarra en la espalda y fue a donde estaba el francés. Era un pingüino emperador al igual que Diego, sólo qué él tenía un tatuaje en el pecho que simbolizaba una estrella. -Veo que aceptaste-Dijo el francés. -Claro, montar olas es mi segunda cosa favorita. -Permíteme presentarme, mi nombre es Jean-Baptiste, soy el mejor surfista de Francia, he ganado diversos torneos, así que no te sientas intimidado-Dijo en tono soberbio. -Descuida, no puse atención después de oír tu nombre-Diego estalló a carcajadas, el francés cerró su aleta molesto. -Bien, vamos. Entraron al agua, se colocaron en sus respectivas tablas y comenzaron a nadar, todos los habitantes de la isla eran expectantes. -Oye, ¿por qué te trajiste tú guitarra?-Preguntó curioso. -Porque siempre me acompaña a donde voy-La gran ola comenzaba a formarse, iba directo hacia ellos… Diego se acercó a donde estaba Pepe, platicaba con los penguanos, estaban comiendo calamar en un palito. -Hola Pepe-Saludó con cortesía. -Hola chavo, ¿eres amigo de Paco no?-Él asintió cómo respuesta-¿qué se te ofrece? -Vengo a retarte-Los penguanos se levantaron y sacaron sus lanzas dispuestos a perforarlo. -Tranquilos, no es nada-Dijo Pepe calmándolos-acepto. -Bien, ahorita después de que Paco termine vamos tu y yo. -Claro-Volvió a sentarse y a platicar con los penguanos. -Voy a demostrarle a Paco que puedo vencerte pollo-Susurró mientras sonreía con malicia y se alejaba de ahí. Había llegado a la playa, todos observaban expectantes el mar, eso le parecía extraño, entonces enfocó mejor su vista y pudo ver a Paco surfeando contra otro pingüino. Estaba sentado sobre su tabla y tocaba su guitarra mientras entraba en un túnel, luego montaba la punta de la ola y caía mientras hacía una pirueta y caía perfectamente en el agua… La ola se deshizo cayendo sobre el pingüino, ganando Paco. - Ese último día, sabía que vencería a Tanque, pero él comenzó a surfear mucho mejor que yo, no podía regresar a la isla con mis admiradores, veían a Gran Z vencido, fracasado, entonces-La ola cayó sobre él, terminó el relato, después le se fue furioso por descubrir la verdad de su héroe e inspiración del surf. Desecho esa idea, no cometería el mismo error que Geek, lo había reflexionado y debía retirar el duelo, fue hacia donde Paco. Lani lo vio caminando y corrió hacia él estrechándolo en un abrazo. -¡Cody!, qué bueno que volviste-Él correspondió el abrazo-oye, te hiciste más fuerte-menciono al sentir un poco más musculosas sus aletas. -Entrenamiento-Comentó mientras se aferraba más a ella. -Pues te volviste más varonil aún-Dijo en tono pícaro -Bueno…-Se sonrojó al punto de parecer un tomate. Llegaron a la orilla de la playa, el francés casi se arrastraba para salir del agua, Diego miraba divertido la escena mientras esperaba a Pepe. -Fue interesante competir contra el mejor surfista de Francia-Dijo burlonamente mientras veía como se levantaba-no creo se siquiera el mejor de mi ciudad, pero me gusta surfear-se retiró después de decirle eso. -Oye, ¿no vas a verme vencer a Pepe el pollo?-Preguntó un poco indignado. -¿Para qué?, de todas formas te vencerá-Dijo restándole importancia. -Te demostraré lo contrario-Dijo en última instancia. Paco fue a donde estaba Krishna, debajo de la misma palmera. -Que bien montaste esas olas-Dijo sonriendo. -Bueno, no fue mucha cosa, tú eres mejor que yo. -Estás loco, ni yo puedo mantener el equilibrio sentada en la tabla y eso que llevo toda mi vida surfeando nunca lo he logrado. De pronto vio a Cody acercarse, parecía tranquilo, pero debía aclarar todo de una vez. -Paco… -Cody debo decirte algo, debemos retirar el duelo. -Yo también iba a sugerirte eso, es estúpido, fue un arranque del momento. -Sí, sobre todo por… -¡Ah!-El gritó de Pepe el pollo hicieron que miraran hacia las olas, Diego había empujado a Pepe contra unas rocas, tres olas gigantes terminaron aplastándolo contra ellas, los penguanos enfurecieron. -¡Gané!-Gritó emocionado Diego quien llegaba a la playa. -Oye estúpido-Dijo Cody quien lo tomo del pecho dispuesto a golpearlo peor Paco interfirió separándolo-¿qué haces? -Detener esta locura. -Viste lo que hizo-El cuerpo de Pepe llegó arrastrado por el agua a la orilla, Cody lo tomo entre sus aletas-¿estás bien Pepe? -Oh Cody, eres un buen amigo, mi mejor amigo…-Poco a poco cerró sus ojos… -¡No!-Gritó con todas sus fuerzas, los penguanos comenzaron a acercarse para clavarle sus lanzas a Diego-Paco, el duelo sigue, pero esta vez sí ganó el que será desterrado será Diego, pero si tu lo haces lo perdonaré. -Bien. -Pero el duelo será en el deshuesadero-Todos los surfistas se miraron entre sí, era un suicidio. -Acepto-Diego lo miró preocupado-todo sea por mi mejor amigo. -Bueno, todos, vamos a la otra playa-Todos así lo hicieron, se acercó de nuevo al cuerpo de Pepe que ahora era cargado por Lani. -Está vivo Cody, sólo esta inconsciente-Eso lo alivio un poco, pero el duelo seguía en pie, los penguanos se acercaron y lo cargaron-llévenlo con nosotros pero cuídenlo. -Vamos Lani-Y juntos se dirigieron a la otra playa. Espero que les haya gustado, dejen sus reviews por favor, nso vemos hasta el próximo capítulo... Se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL[Chapter 7] Hola, después de unos días, por fin volví a publicar, este es el último capítulo de esta historia, la verdad ha sido desgastante, pero me alegró que el esfuerzo rindiera frutos, por fin la acabe, bueno antes que nada debo aclarar que la canción que me inspiró para escribirla es: Asereje de las Ketchup, oíganla al final para que sienta la magia de la escena. Sin más preámbulos, comencemos... Había llegado, sólo era cuestión de horas para que el desafío comenzara, inhalaba y exhalaba, sostenía su tabla de surf en su aleta derecha. Miraba al horizonte; el viento pegaba fuerte en su cara, sacudía las palmas y los restos de lo que alguna vez fueron cabañas. Las olas se formaban y se rompían frenéticamente, las turbulencias en el agua eran variadas. El cielo estaba nublado y amenazaba con traer una tormenta, tocaba su collar de \"Gran Z\", Lani se lo entregó cuando llegaron a la playa, suspiraba, ¿estaba haciendo lo correcto?, esa era la incógnita, no lo sabía, estaba tan perdido en su enojo por lo de Pepe que simplemente no lo pensó. Observaba el deshuasadero, filas de rocas con forma de estacas unidas de forma muy angosta, era peligroso, pocos entraban ahí y salían con vida, esto ya no se trataba de honor y orgullo, sino de la memoria de un amigo, su mejor amigo. -Cody-habló Geek, estaba preocupado, volteó a verlo a la cara-¿estás seguro de hacerlo? -Sí-no estaba dispuesto a echarse para atrás, no después de lo que Diego ocasionó, pudo haber perdido a su mejor amigo por ese payaso soberbio. -¿No has aprendido nada verdad?-cuestionó, cinco años bastan para aprender la regla más esencial, la humildad ante todo, no desear venganza de ningún modo. -No se trata de eso-insistió, no era su orgullo lo que estaba apostando, sólo deseaba hacer justicia, podría ser personal, pero era la única manera de solucionarlo. -Bien-no podría hacerlo cambiar de opinión-ten cuidado-se retiró de ahí, fue en vano, no \"reflexionó\", pero tenía que tomar precauciones, pues quién más le preocupaba era Paco, pues él nunca había conocido el deshuesadero. Paco observaba el sitio donde se llevaría a cabo el desafío; filas de rocas puntiagudas, formando un angosto laberinto, tragó grueso, aunado al viento que hacía que el agua estuviera en constante movimiento, la amenaza de la tormenta era más peligroso. -¿Estás seguro de arriesgar tu vida por la estupidez de Diego?-seguía sin poder creer cómo hacía eso por él, ¿qué lo empujaba a seguir protegiéndolo?, estaba molesta, pero no podía interferir-suerte-le besó la mejilla derecha para después alejarse de ahí. Paco colocó su pata en la mejilla y sonrió levemente, inhaló una vez más y luego exhaló, estaba listo para surfear. -¿Listo?-preguntó Cody quién se había puesto a un lado de él. -Sí-observó la playa otra vez y luego a Krishna quien sonrió, luego centro su atención en el mar-vamos. Entraron al agua, estaba inquieta, ligeras ondas se esparcían. Nadaron, esperaban la primera ola que se formara, no podían avanzar mucho, pues las pequeñas olas hacían que retrocedieran, el agua estaba perturbándose, no se podía avanzar. Estaban luchando contra la corriente, estaban haciendo el máximo esfuerzo… Los penguanos lo observaban detenidamente, deseaban matarlo, pero las indicaciones de Lani habían sido claras, suspiró mientras agachaba la cabeza, no se merecía un amigo cómo Paco, era un patético surfista con suerte, pero nada más fuera de eso, se sentía culpable, y con más razón, su estupidez hizo que Paco desafiara por él, posiblemente no saldría con vida, eso le preocupaba. Llegó a donde Krishna, justo a la orilla de la playa, se puso a un lado de ella, ella volteó a verlo con cierto desprecio, él no podía verla a los ojos, no se sentía capaz de ello. -¿Estás feliz?-preguntó con cinismo, Diego suspiró, no era suficiente el temor de perder a su mejor amigo, sino que también habría recriminaciones, agachó la cabeza. -No-dijo sincero, no estaba tranquilo, y si algo le sucediera Paco jamás lo estaría, necesitaba pensar en una solución antes de que fuera demasiado tarde, ¿pero cuál? -Sigo sin creer que Paco peleé tus batallas-mencionó molesta, una idea cruzó por la mente de Diego al oírla. -¡Eureka!-corrió hacia donde estaban unas tablas de surf, tomó una y entró al agua, todos lo miraron expectantes, se había vuelto mucho más interesante con él en la contienda. Krishna no podía creer esa actitud en él, era un estúpido, eso no se dudaba, pero quizás si era un buen amigo cómo mencionaba Paco, observó cómo pretendía alcanzarlos en la primera ola que se formó. Con mucha dificultad lograron montar la primera, ambos respiraban con dificultad, la ola se estaba agitando, no duraría mucho así, Paco tomó la iniciativa y de la punta de la ola se montó y comenzó a girar sobre su propio eje, parecido a lo que Krishna hizo cuando retó a Diego. Cody estaba impresionado, pero debía demostrar lo que él podía hacer, mientras subía una pirueta hacia atrás, para luego caer sobre su aleta derecha y mantenerse firme sobre la punta al lado de Paco. Todos aplaudieron ante el espectáculo que proyectaban, ambos eran maestros del surf, el desafío se ponía interesante, faltaban pocos metros para llegar al deshuesadero. Una aleta dorsal emergió por dentro de la ola, justo por debajo de los dos, era un gran blanco, todos se alarmaron al observar que ningunos de los dos se percataba del peligro eminente, comenzaron a murmura, Lani y Krishna estaban sorprendidas pero temerosas, sin esperar nada el tiburón \"voló\" con la intención de comerlos, abrió la mandíbula al mismo tiempo Cody y Paco voltearon, se congelaron durante unos segundos, esperando su final. -¡Ah!-gritó Diego quién saltó desde arriba de la ola y con todo su peso empujaba al tiburón fuera de ahí, cayendo víctima de la gravedad al agua, salvándolos a ambos de su muerte. -¡Diego!-quiso salvarlo, pero Cody lo hizo reaccionar al indicarle que ya iban a llegar al deshuesadero, comenzaron a esquivar los múltiples pilares, surfeaban en zigzag. El espacio entre los pilares era muy mínimo, apenas si podían esquivarlas, recibiendo unos cuantos raspones y cortadas, por lo menos el tiburón no los seguía, Paco iba delante de Cody, él las tenía de ganar, de repente la aleta dorsal emergió nuevamente pero esta vez delante de ellos, abrió las mandíbulas, Paco iba directo hacia ellas, Cody saltó y lo empujó junto con él fuera del alcance de sus afilados dientes, el tiburón devoró las tablas y se dirigía hacia ellos. No había forma de subir por los pilares, eran muy lisos, el tiburón saltó una vez más, ambos cerraron los ojos, esperando su final definitivo, pero sólo se logró escuchar el crujir de algo rompiéndose, abrieron los ojos, el cráneo del tiburón estaba desecho, algo lo aplastó, tal vez una gran roca, una cuerda se posó frente a ellos, miraron arriba. Tanque estaba en el pilar sujetando la cuerda, los observaba, Cody sonrió, era la segunda vez que lo salvaba. -¿Van a quedarse ahí mirándome ó subirán?-ambos rieron por lo sardónico del comentario. -Amén-dijo Cody mientras escalaba con la ayuda de la cuerda, después le siguió Paco. Tanque les extendió dos tablas para poder regresar a la playa, vigilaron que no hubiera peligro inminente, observaron la siguiente ola que iba directo a ellos, ese sería su empujón. La ola chocó contra ellos, arrastrándolos fuera de ahí, ellos la montaron y con ellos pudieron llegar a la orilla. Todos estaban sorprendidos, la tensión del lugar era mucha, luego de un rato estallaron en aplausos, los cargaron a ambos en sus hombros, pero Paco seguía observando el mar, el agua rratró una tabla de surf, la que Diego usó para salvarlos, bajó de encima de ellos y fue a donde estaba. Se hinco y la abrazó, una lágrima brotó inconscientemente de su mejilla, Cody se acercó y puso su aleta derecha sobre su hombro izquierdo. -Lo siento-dijo intentando de alguna manera darle su apoyo. -Jamás debí aceptar el reto, el aún estaría vivo-se lamentaba. -No, fue mi culpa por volver a hacerlo, demostró ser un gran surfista y una gran persona después de todo-mientras todos estaban en círculo alrededor de ellos, de la orilla de la playa emergía una figura conocida, tuerto y un poco cubierta por las algas. -Sí estuviera aquí le diría que lamento haberlo juzgado tan mal-esto último fue de parte de Krishna. La figura se acercaba poco a poco, escuchando cada palabra que decían, sonreía. -Lo hubiera perdonado por tan valerosa hazaña-dijo Cody. -¿Enserio?-todos voltearon atrás y lo vieron sonriendo, Paco se levantó rápidamente y lo estrechó en un fuerte abrazo. -Diego-era cómo su hermano, nada cambiaría eso-, ¿cómo sobreviviste al tiburón? -Sólo digamos que morder un erizo de mar no es muy buena idea-todos rieron por el comentario. -Oigan-habló Geek-¿quién ganó? Ambos se miraron para luego sonreír y verlos a todos. -Es un empate-dijeron ambos al mismo tiempo. Todos volvieron a aplaudir, Krishna se acercó a Paco sonriéndole. -Krishna que bueno…-quiso abrazarla pero ella le dio una cachetada, todos abrieron los ojos del tamaño de un plato por la acción-¿eso por qué? -Por preocuparme de que ese tiburón te devorara. -Bueno lo…-no pudo terminar de hablar porque ella lo calló con un beso. -Y eso-dijo separándose de él-porque te amo. -Y yo a ti. Se oyó a coro la expresión de ternura de parte de todos los que estaban ahí. -Ahora tu Cody Maverick-habló autoritariamente Lani. -¿Sí?-dijo un poco nervioso. -Debo darte esto-y también lo besó. -Siento todo lo que pude ocasionar-dijo con sinceridad. -No importa, lo importante es que aprendiste la lección-dijo sonriéndole. -Oigan-habló Pepe el pollo, todos se alegraron por su presencia-no se… -Espera-dijo Diego, los penguanos se pusieron delante de Pepe con sus lanzas-antes de que continúes, quiero pedirte una disculpa por mi actitud inmadura, se hinco frente a él en señal de humildad. -Ya no importa mi chavo, el ayer es historia, el mañana es un misterio, pero el hoy es un obsequio, por eso se llama presente-todos se miraron entre sí por la frase tan sabia que había dicho, lo abrazo en señal de perdón. -Bueno-Diego rompió el abrazo-, ¿qué ibas a decir? -Ah sí, no se suponía que sería una fiesta-de la nada alguien le arrojó la guitarra a Paco, Tanque salió de su cabaña con una gran percusión amarrada a su cintura, mientras Geek sacaba el ukelele, comenzaron a tocar, mientras que eso ocurría la tormenta se empezaba a disipar, dando paso a la luz radiante y cálida del sol, Cody y Lani bailaban cómo todos, Diego se sentó en una palmera, observaba el mar, era tan inmenso cómo hermoso. Alguien habló captando su atención, era una pingüino cómo Lani. -¿Quieres bailar?-él sonrió ante la petición. -Claro-y se dirigieron al centro de la playa para disfrutar la música. Las olas se formaban y se deshacían al chocar contra las rocas, el agua estaba tranquila, con cada nota musical que ejecutaba Paco y el ritmo de la percusión de Tanque parecían seguir un ritmo, ese ritmo era conocido cómo: el ritmo de las olas. Quiero agradecer infinitamente a a Raven Queen. Ever after high, quién con sus reviews me alentó mucho más a seguir esta historia. A todos aquellos que la leyeron también se agradece de todo corazón, los invito a leer mis otras historia, que a pesar de no ser de Reyes de las olas, sé que les encantarán. Nos vemos hasta mi próxima historia, se despide su amigo y escritor: CARPINTERO IMPERIAL ","Summary":" Hola, esta es mi primera historia de ésta gran pelicula, es una de mis favoritas, y dije, ¿por qué "},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Back in the Picture 2: The Suspicious Valentine","Author":"Silver Azure","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7840907","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a week before Valentine's Day on Pen Gu, even though it was only seven days away the essence of love was strong in the air. Seems picture perfect right? Wrong! For you see Cody and Lani's Valentine's was about to be turned upside down by an unwanted visitor. \"Man I can't wait for the Valentine's Day luau!\" exclaimed Cody \"I know...there'll be music, flowers, dancing, kissing\" chuckled Lani \"It sounds picture perfect\" replied Cody Also what made the week seem picture perfect was that one year ago today was when Cody brought down Lani's prick of an ex-boyfriend Van. Nobody had seen or heard of him in quite sometime but like said before...Van was a prick and not to well liked so it wasn't a shock he wasn't really missed. \"Hey you know what I was thinking about?\" asked Lani as her and Cody walked past the set-up for the luau \"What?\" asked Cody \"It's just...well, you remember what happened a year ago today right?\" asked Lani \"Um...not really\" said Cody as he rubbed the back of his head \"Come on Cody, think\" said Lani \"Drawing a blank\" replied Cody \"A certain somebody came back into my life?\" said Lani trying to remind Cody \"Ah...oh yeah!\" exclaimed Cody \"Ring any bells now?\" teased Lani \"Yep, when we took down that prick of an ex of yours\" chuckled Cody \"Yeah, wonder what he's up to?\" asked Lani \"Why would you even ponder that?\" asked Cody \"Oh no, it's not like that...I mean it's just, did his five girlfriends rip him to pieces? Is he in hiding? What?\" asked Lani \"Who cares, all I know is he's gone\" said Cody \"Yeah true, hey wanna go watch the bands practice for the show?\" asked Lani \"Sounds awesome!\" exclaimed Cody The two headed off to see the bands practice, arm-in-arm were the happy couple. There were many bands and instruments, ranging from guitars to drums to electric keyboards...the works! The sounds of guitars being strummed and tuned, drums being pounded, singers warming up their voices, it was surely something. \"Looks like we've got some good talent here\" said Cody \"Yeah, I think it's going to be a blast this year!\" exclaimed Lani While watching the bands practice for the upcoming show, Cody in his mind was planning the date perfectly, just him and Lani! No interruptions, no non-sense, no Van to be exact. \" Valentine's Day is going to be perfect! \" Cody happily thought to himself Lani too was planing her perfect night with Cody, it was going to be amazing! Her and Cody, holding each other...kissing as well, and the best part was and do I dare repeat it? No Van! \" Cody, dancing, kissing, Valentine's Day, no Van...that night is going to be perfect \" Lani thought to herself as she smiled and put her head on Cody's shoulder. \" Man this is perfect \" Cody smiled and thought to himself They were listening to bands practice their songs, one after another when one penguin got up on stage, he had short, messy blond hair and a distinct surfer necklace. He also played a black and white Gibson Les Paul standard, similar to that of you-know-who. \"Alright, ready guys?\" asked the penguin His band mates nodded in agreement and they began to play an all to familiar song... \"Aruba...Jamaica...ooh I wanna take you...\" sang the penguin This made Cody and Lani nearly jump, could it be? Could it really have been? \"No, that's not him...is it?\" whispered Cody \"Van? No way, it can't be...he's got short blond hair and if I know Van...and I do, he'd never ever cut his hair\" stated Lani \"Yeah but he's singing Kokomo\" replied Cody \"Come on, you don't think he'd want to be that obvious...would he?\" asked Lani \"Well...maybe we could try to talk to him, try to lure him into admitting who he is\" said Cody \"You know, that could work\" replied Lani The two waited for the penguin to finish his song...when he finally did, Cody and Lani decided to approach him at the foot of the stage while he was still on stage; \"That was pretty nice playing up there\" said Cody \"Oh...thanks, I'm kinda new to the whole music gig\" the penguin said nervously \"You sounded pretty good\" added Lani \"Um...thanks\" he nervously chuckled \"So, what's your name?\" asked Cody \"My name? It's Evan\" replied Evan \"Evan, that's a nice name...reminds me of somebody I once knew\" said Lani \"Oh...well, that's...that's cool I guess...um, what are your names?\" asked Evan nervously \"I'm Cody\" said Cody \"I'm his girlfriend Lani\" added Lani \"Um, well nice to meet you both...now if you'll excuse me, I have to grab something to eat...kinda hungry\" chuckled Evan nervously \"Sure, see ya round Evan\" said Lani but to no response from Evan as he ran off \"Why was he so nervous?\" asked Lani \"Because he knows we're on to him\" said Cody \"I'm starting to begin to think that is Van\" said Lani \"What made you change your mind?\" asked Cody \"Well...every time he sang the line; come on pretty mama , he would look at me\" said Lani (A/N) Hey guys, so after a year of saying there was a sequel, I finally uploaded the first chapter! So why was Evan nervous? Is he hiding something? Or are Cody and Lani just paranoid? We'll find out! Until next time![Chapter 2] \"Didn't you say that's what Van did on the night you first met him?\" asked Cody \"Yeah...but like I said before, he wouldn't want to be that obvious...right?\" asked Lani Cody and Lani pondered whether Evan was Van or not, it was killing them but they really didn't want to come out and ask Evan; \" Hey are you Lani's prick of an ex named Van? \" That just wouldn't do. So they decided the best course of action would be to get to know Evan to decide. Cody and Lani were looking for Evan on the beach when all of a sudden... \"HELP ME I'M DROWNING!\" exclaimed little Arnold feigning drowning \" This kid is gonna drive me crazy! \" an annoyed Lani thought to herself \"Cody, go find Evan...I've got something to take care of!\" exclaimed Lani as she was off to rescue Arnold Cody searched all around the beach, when there he saw Evan talking to a couple of girls by the \"Squid on a Stick\" stand. Cody decided to approach him...even though Evan was more interested in the girls; \"So, I'm playing in the concert on Valentine's Day\" said Evan to the girls \"We'll totally be there\" said one of the girls \"Yeah, totally\" replied the other \"Hey, Evan what's up bro?\" asked Cody \"Oh...hey, Cody...what's shaking?\" asked Evan \"Oh nothing, just hanging around...surf kinda sucks today\" said Cody \"I wouldn't know much about the surf today...not really my thing\" replied Evan \"So you don't surf huh?\" asked Cody \"Nah, I'm more a musician\" replied Evan \"Well...that's cool I guess\" said Cody As the two were talking, Lani had gotten done with rescuing Arnold from drowning , when she had noticed Cody and Evan talking to each other and she had decided to get in on the conversation herself. \"Hey Evan\" said Lani \"Oh...Lani, hey\" said Evan nervously Lani seemed to notice that Evan was nervous; \"Evan, you seem nervous...why is that?\" asked Lani \"Nervous...me? Nah! Heh...heh\" chuckled Evan nervously \"Come on Evan\" encouraged Lani \"Well...it's the week before Valentine's Day and well...I don't have a Valentine\" said Evan ashamed \"Aw is that it? Come on Evan I'm sure you could get any of these girls here\" chuckled Lani \"Well...I was about to ask those two girls I was talking to but they walked away as Cody came to talk to me\" joked Evan \"My bad\" chuckled Cody \"It's all good, I'm gonna go see if I could talk to them again\" said Evan \"Sure, go get 'em\" said Lani Evan smiled and then went off to talk to those two girls that he was talking to before and ask them to the Valentine's Day luau. Cody and Lani began to talk with each other; \"Did you buy his story?\" asked Cody \"Well...not really but...\" said Lani \"But what?\" asked Cody \"What if he isn't who we think he is?\" asked Lani \"Oh come on Lani! Evan's not interested in surfing for goodness sake!\" exclaimed Cody \"Wait...he told you that?\" asked Lani \"Yeah, Evan told me surfing isn't an interest of his, he wants to be a musician\" replied Cody \"Just like Van\" said Lani \"Pretty much, that and he was trying to romance those girls\" added Cody \"Romancing? Ha! More like trying to add to his repertoire\" chuckled Lani \"I'm beginning to suspect that Evan knows we're on to him\" said Cody \"Yeah, he always gets nervous talking to me\" said Lani \"Because he probably knows you're on to him, we should go and talk a little bit more and maybe we'll get a confession out of him\" said Cody \"Agreed\" said Lani as she nodded in agreement Lani and Cody went to yet again look for Evan, their best bet was to look for him around the beach romancing those two girls that he was talking to earlier, sure enough he was in fact talking to those same two girls he was talking to before; \"So you girls are gonna come? I'll be looking for you\" said Evan \"Yeah we'll be in the front row\" said one of the girls \"See you up there cutie\" said the other as she gave Evan a playful wink Cody and Lani approached Evan; \"So, successful with the ladies I see\" chuckled Cody \"It's my given talent\" replied Evan triumphantly \"So pretty much music and romancing are your two talents huh?\" asked Cody \"Yeah, but like I said before surfing...not so much\" added Evan Just then Lani decided to go for it all and say it, although she was quiet she felt like she had enough evidence; \"Give it up Van\" said Lani sternly \"Wait...what?\" asked Evan confused and offended \"Look, I know it's you OK? You don't surf, you romance innocent girls...like me and you got nervous every time you talked to me!\" exclaimed Lani Cody stood there stunned silent... \"OK, first off...I don't surf because it's not an interest of mine, second...romance innocent girls? Please, I got to know them! Third, I only got nervous because I get nervous around pretty girls!\" retorted Evan \" He thinks I'm pretty? Typical Van! \" Lani thought to herself \"You know what? I thought you guys were cool...you're not, you two are just like everybody else...always accusing me of being my brother!\" exclaimed Evan \"BROTHER?\" exclaimed Lani and Cody in unison. (A/N) There was chapter 2...shocker eh? Now I know I dropped the ball prematurely by saying that Evan in Van's brother in only the second chapter but I've got HUGE plans for future chapters and I really didn't want to keep the whole \"Is Evan really Van?\" angle going for too long but Van is gonna make an appearance pretty darn soon...he's gonna play a slightly bigger part in the next chapter. Until next time![Chapter 3] Lani and Cody were shocked at what they'd just heard from Evan; \"Wait...when we were dating, Van never told me about you\" said a puzzled Lani \"Of course he didn't...he's a glory hog\" said Evan agitated \"Sounds like him\" joked Cody \"Yeah, I mean...he actually had come to me for help\" said Evan \"What do you mean?\" asked Lani \"I'll tell you\" said Evan [EVAN'S FLASHBACK] It was an ordinary day in Frio De Janeiro, the surf was pretty good that day and a few of the locals were out catching some waves. I was trying to write a song for this girl who I liked and it was good because I think she liked me back and Van wasn't around to be a jerk and try to convince her to date him and not me like he's done so many times before. Anyways I'm writing the song when I hear a knocking; \" Who is it?\" I asked \" EVAN DUDE OPEN UP!\" it was Van panicking When I let him in he was out of breath and scared; \" What's the matter?\" I asked him \" T-t-they're back!\" he said trying to catch his breath \" Who's back?\" I curiously asked \" Marina, Summer, Savannah, Roxy and Skye! They found me, NOW HIDE ME!\" exclaimed a panicked Van He just ran inside and hid underneath a table that was in the back, and it wasn't until two minutes later I heard a louder knock, a pounding if you will. \" Coming, one sec!\" I yelled When I went to the door, there they were...all of his girlfriends and they looked upset, I only knew Savannah and she looked the most agitated! \" WHERE IS HE EVAN?\" she yelled \" Um...who?\" I asked playing dumb but she kinda saw through it \" I HAVE NO TIME FOR GAMES YOU IDIOT! WHERE'S VAN?\" she yelled as she had me by the neck \" I...have no...idea!\" I yelled as she let go of my neck \" Come on girls, his spineless idiot of a brother is no use\" she said as they all walked away I talked to Van and told him that I was planning to come to Pen Gu for a visit and that we'd keep in contact through letters\" [END OF FLASHBACK] \"Wow, that's something\" said Cody \"Yep, he's probably back at FDJ in hiding\" replied Evan \"He could stay there for all I care\" added Lani \"Yeah, you know Lani, Van told me about you\" said Evan \"What did he say?\" asked Lani \"He told me that you were the best thing that ever happened to him and that he was sad to lose you\" said Evan \"He really said that?\" asked Lani \"Yeah...then he burst into laughter and said he's happy you guys are through\" added Evan \"What a jerk!\" exclaimed an agitated Lani \"Don't kill the messenger\" chuckled Evan \"So anyways what was I going to say...oh yeah, I've been keeping in contact with him, I have some letters stashed away if you'd like to see them\" said Evan \"Sure\" said Cody \"I'd like to see if that arrogant jerk said anymore things about me!\" huffed Lani The trio had went with Evan to go retrieve the letters, he had them stashed in a duffel bag and he and Van had been writing to each other constantly. Lani, Cody and Evan had went by the backstage area where Evan had his stuff, he then retrieved his duffel bag containing the letters; \"Well here ya go\" said Evan as he handed them to Cody and Lani Cody and Lani began to read them; Dear Evan, Dude, I'm freaking out here...I'm scared that those girls are going to tear me apart limb from limb, especially Skye...man she maybe cute but it's always the cute ones you have to watch out for! Anyways I'll get back to you bro. -Van \"Always watch out for the cute ones...so arrogant\" said Lani Dear Evan, What's up bro? I think those chicks abandoned the search and who's to blame them? Anyways how's Pen Gu been treating you? I haven't been there in a year but hey it's cool, listen if you run into some kid named Cody, stay away from him! He's trouble...that prick is dating my ex Lani, when I had visited Pen Gu last year he was such a jerk to me proclaiming that Lani was his and blah blah blah...then he had the nerve to sock me in the gut! He's lucky I'm such a nice guy otherwise I'd knock that smug bum into next week! Well write me back soon bro. -Van Reading this letter made Cody cross; \"Socked him? He was faking it!\" exclaimed Cody \"I believe you\" said Evan Just then as Cody and Lani were going to read another letter, a penguin carrying a letter had stopped by; \"Are anyone of you Evan?\" asked the penguin \"I'm Evan\" said Evan \"This is for you\" said the penguin as he handed Evan the letter \"Thanks pal\" said Evan as the penguin then walked away \"It's a letter from Van\" \"What's it say?\" asked Lani (A/N) Sorry to stop it here, I know I'm leaving it on another cliffhanger...I too wonder what the letter says? Oh well guess we won't find out until I post the next chapter...don't fret it will be soon! Until next time![Chapter 4] \"Well...let's see what he wants\" said Evan as he began to read the letter aloud; Dear Evan, What's new bro? Man life is good! There was a concert here at FDJ and there I gotta tell you man I had a blast! The music was loud, the food was good and oh yeah did I mention? I met the girl of my dreams. Evan let me tell you man, she's the one! She's not like the rest dude, she made my heart beat a million miles an hour, she's sweet and pretty and a great singer. Yeah did I mention I met her after she performed on stage? Of course yours truly decided to get on that stage and sing a certain song of a certain \"pretty mama\" but anyways her name's Patricia and she hates being called \"Pat\" so don't call her that. We hit it off like nothing and now we're going out, I gotta say she's the best thing that ever happened to me! As for the others...well, I know the five must've lost my trail or something, Lani...whatever, she's with that other loser! Anyways I'll be visiting Pen Gu, me and Patricia are going to perform in the luau on Valentine's Day so we'll be seeing you in a few days. Van \"What the heck does he mean by the rest?\" exclaimed an offended Lani \"Loser? Last I time I checked it was because of me he went into hiding!\" exclaimed an offended Cody \"I haven't even met that poor girl and already I feel bad for her\" said a worried Evan The trio were really dismayed at the news of Van's arrival, not only that but now he's got yet another girlfriend as well! \"I just can't believe he has the nerve to show his face around here\" said Lani \"Yeah, after getting slapped the way he did on stage one would think that, ya know...he'd be embarrassed\" said Cody \"I heard about the whole event\" said Evan \"I still feel bad for that poor girl though\" said Lani concerned \"Yeah, I mean he's saying that she's the one ...doesn't sound believable\" replied Evan \"I remember he told me I was the one , by did he sure fool me good\" said Lani \"Yeah, Van tried to break me and Lani up last year\" said Cody \"He told me, except he didn't use the term break up, more like separate for good and make it seem like he [Van] was superior \" said Evan \"Him superior? No way, like I told Cody I was a fool to get back with Van\" said Lani \"You see that's why I love her\" chuckled Cody Lani chuckled back and she gave him a quick smooch. \"I have to write to Savannah, I have to tell her not to give up her search\" said a determined Evan \"You really should\" said Lani \"I'm going to get on it! Wish me luck\" said Evan as he went to write to Savannah \"I hope they find him\" said Cody \"Yeah same here\" replied Lani [LATER ON THAT DAY] Cody and Lani went for a walk on the beach, there was something Cody wanted to ask her but he felt he couldn't...though he had to; \"Hey Lani, there's something I wanted to ask you\" said Cody \"Sure, ask away\" replied Lani \"Well, when you and Van dated...I remember he said you guys had two prior arguments before he came back, what were they?\" asked Cody Just then Lani stopped in her tracks, took a deep breath and sighed; \"You really wanna know?\" asked Lani \"Yeah, tell me\" said Cody \"Alright, here's the story of the first\" said Lani; After we met at that luau, we were the happiest of couples...I used to brag that I was with the cutest guy on the island. He was an angel, he used to tell me how pretty I was and everything and I felt like I was on top of the world until...it was one Friday night and Van and I had planned a small date, a get together if you will, when I went to visit him...I saw what no girl would ever want to see her boyfriend doing; he was with another girl! We argued and yelled at each other and I was so hurt and betrayed at the same time, he'd make up lie after lie after lie and he stormed out. We were done...until four months later, this time our argument happened because I decided to two-time him with another guy, don't worry it was nothing serious. Only this time, Van's jealous rage kicked in...he charged at the guy but the guy moved and Van knocked into me, not even caring how I was, Van left me there crying and hurt, thank goodness for my uncle Big Z, he took care of me that night. Then last year when Van came back...he just used that suave persuasion of his, he convinced me to forget the past and move on...and sadly I did but I broke it off with him after you caused him to go in hiding. \"Wow Lani...what a total prick, I mean he goes beyond a prick\" said Cody disgusted \"Now you see why I really want revenge on him\" said Lani \"Don't worry, I'm sure Evan's writing that letter as we speak\" said Cody Cody was right, Evan was writing a letter...but not to Savannah like he said. (A/N) So who was Evan writing to? Also I hope I didn't get offtrack with Lani's back story about her and Van's past but it's going to set the stage partly for a future chapter and possibly and I said POSSIBLY (Which with me normally means 'yes') sequel to this one. Until next time![Chapter 5] \"I wonder what Evan's gonna tell Savannah?\" wondered Cody Little did Cody and Lani know, Evan wasn't writing to Savannah but he was writing to somebody else... Dear Van, Nice to hear you finally found true love...guess the sixth girl is the charm eh? So you're performing on Pen Gu? That's pretty awesome bro I can't wait to hear you play and meet your new girl. Anyways down to business bro, that Cody guy you've told me so much about, he's been talking a big game about you saying that you're not talented and has referred to you as a prick multiple times. Lani is completely over you but before I left to write you I overheard her telling Cody that riveting tale of how she broke up with you the second go around...anyways bro, I'm looking forward to seeing you again and hey I forgot to thank you for that solid you did for me at that concert we did last year, I'm still with that girl and...I may be pining for another. Sincerely, Evan. After Evan was done writing his letter he had put it in an envelope and waited for the mail carrier, he figured maybe this was a good time to talk to Cody and Lani as he overheard Lani tell the tale of her and Van's second break up. Evan went outside and saw Lani just looking around watching the bands perform while Cody was in the mood to catch a little surf, Lani on the other hand wasn't as she was a little upset at her remembering the story. Evan decided to approach her; \"Hey Lani, I just wrote that letter to Savannah...Van is in for a treat\" chuckled Evan \"Yeah...I just don't get him\" said Lani \"What do you mean?\" asked Evan \"I mean, you told me yourself he used to steal girls from you...I mean doesn't he have any shroud of decency?\" asked Lani \"Well...there was this concert\" said Evan You see, it was last summer and I had met this girl named Judy, she was amazing especially those markings she had running down her arms she was a beaut! I talked to her and she told me her favorite song was \"Hey Jude\" because her father used to sing it to her until he passed away. So I told her me and my brother were performing and I would sing it, so anyways it was time for the concert and I was on the piano and Van was playing guitar and we had friends on bass and drums. So I began to sing and I could see her standing in the front of the crowd but she had her eyes on Van. \"Let me guess, he pulled one of his tricks on her right?\" interrupted Lani \"Not really\" said Evan As I was saying, so we were performing and she was ogling him and I was worried but for some reason I saw him look at me and he mouthed the words \"don't worry, I got you\" I didn't know what he meant or anything. When the concert ended I got a chance to talk to Judy and then I saw Van approaching us and he looked upset. \" You are by far the worst singer I've ever performed with! I swear I could've sang that song in my sleep! Don't you ever ask me to perform with you again!\" he yelled I didn't know what was going on but I followed his lead until I saw Judy was upset; \" Hey, he was really good...lay off!\" she yelled defending me \" Hey bro, was I talking to that tramp?\" he exclaimed with an attitude \" Excuse me?\" exclaimed Judy \" You're excused, who are you anyways?\" he said snobbishly \" I'm Evan's girlfriend\" she replied proudly as she hugged me \" Evan? Girlfriend? Only time I'd ever hear those words in the same sentence is if the words Will never get a were in the middle\" he exclaimed \" Wow...you have issues, come on Evan\" she said as we walked away I just remember looking back at Van and he was smiling, it all made sense...he knew I liked her but she liked him so he'd treat her like trash so she'd see how much of a jerk he was and how nice a guy I am! \"Wow...Van giving up a girlfriend?\" said an astounded Lani \"Yeah, say where's Cody?\" asked Evan \"He's surfing\" said Lani As indeed Cody was but the waves were dying down and he got out of the water, when all of a sudden a penguin with a film crew approached him; \"What's up?\" asked Cody as he stuck his board in the sand \"Sick run kid, we're hear to film the concert but we're also gonna get some shots of some surfers and a few interviews as well\" said the director \"Sounds pretty cool\" said Cody \"Mind if we get our first with you?\" asked the director \"Sure bro sounds awesome!\" said Cody excited \"Alright, oh by the way my name's Martin and what's yours?\" asked Martin \"Cody. Cody Maverick\" replied Cody \"Pleased to meet you, so let's get this started, roll camera\" said Martin \"Interview with Cody Maverick, take one!\" said the cameraman \"Hey what's up surfers it's Martin D coming to you live from Pen Gu, we just caught wind of a hot young surfer named Cody Maverick! Cody what's up brother?\" said Martin \"Nothing much bro, just catching some waves...can't wait for that sick concert!\" exclaimed Cody \"Yeah man, which group you excited to see first? The Surfin' Twins? Slash n' Trash? Ankle Biter? Van and Patricia, what?\" asked Martin \"Wait...did you say Van and Patricia?\" asked Cody \"Yeah...why you a fan? I am! They're latest single Nighttime was so off the charts, Van on keyboard, Patricia on the drums! Woo!\" exclaimed Martin \"Wait...he doesn't play guitar?\" asked Cody \"I hear he gave it up, so what's your favorite song? Let me guess it's Nighttime right? Or, or Photos?\" asked Martin \"Are you kidding me? Van is a total prick! He tried to separate me and my girlfriend last year because she used to date him and he wanted her back! He's a total jerk!\" exclaimed Cody in disgust \"Wow, you heard it hear folks! What else do you hate about him?\" asked Martin \"What's not to hate? He thinks he's cool, he thinks he's what women want, he thinks he's the alpha-male and he thinks he's talented!\" exclaimed Cody \"Ha ha! You really hate him! Hey as a joke, why don't you look into the camera and say Where are you Van? \" joked Martin \"Where are you Van?\" exclaimed Cody looking into the camera \"Louder!\" chuckled Martin \"WHERE ARE YOU VAN?\" exclaimed Cody louder All of a sudden Cody felt a tapping on his shoulder. (A/N) So who was tapping on Cody's shoulder? I wonder who it was. Also, yes I know this chapter is a tad late but I had a bout with viral gastroenteritis aka the Stomach Flu. Another thing I do not own Hey Jude, that's the Beatles belonging. One last thing the newly formed Van and Patricia and their songs \"Nighttime\" and \"Photos\" are a play on this band I saw named Matt and Kim and I heard their songs \"Daylight\" and \"Cameras\" both of which I do not own.[Chapter 6] When Cody turned around to see who was tapping him on the shoulder, and when he did to his surprise there was Van with his arm wrapped around his girlfriend Patricia and both were giving Cody an ice cold stare, then Van approached Cody who was giving him an equally icy cold stare; \"So you think all of this is funny, right?\" asked Van in a menacing tone \"Yeah, I do\" replied Cody \"Why don't you say it to my face?\" asked Van \"Yeah, I'll say it to your face\" replied Cody standing his ground \"Go ahead\" said Van \"I don't like you Van, you're not cool, you're not talented, you're not the self proclaimed ladies' man you think you are...and..uh..\" said Cody beginning to stutter a little \"Uh...uh...uh..uh...uh\" stuttered Van mocking Cody \"What're you gonna do?\" asked Cody \"Oh you're gonna stutter and get a little nervous? You tell me I'm not talented? Hello! Me and Patricia are getting our big break! I am talent! I'm sick of everyone bringing up my womanizing past! I'm sick of everyone saying Van is a prick, Van is a loser, Van is this, Van is that! \" yelled Van Cody wasn't fazed at all. \"I'm making it along with my new girlfriend! She means the world to me, Lani was just one girl...you can have her! I'm gonna make it while you're chasing some stupid pipe dream to be a world class surfer like that poser Big Z...oh what you wanna say something? Go ahead say it!\" exclaimed Van at the top of his lungs After Van's little tirade, something had just snapped in Cody's head, was it the fact that Van insulted Lani or the fact that he insulted Cody's idol? Whatever the case this caused Cody to snap as he attempted to tackle Van. Only Van kinda saw it coming and was able to intercept him; \"Oh my God!\" exclaimed Patricia Van and Cody were in a little grappling battle as Cody tried to raise his fin to choke Van but Van grabbed Cody's arm; \"You wanna go? Not today Cody!\" exclaimed Van \"Don't hurt him Van!\" exclaimed a crew member Just then Martin stepped in to separate the two as Van went back to Patricia and she quickly put her arm around Van to try and calm him down. \"Whoa, whoa can't we all just get along?\" joked Martin \"This ain't over Cody, not by a long shot!\" exclaimed Van as he and Patricia walked away \"What a jackass\" said Patricia to Van \"Yeah, I could've taken him though\" said Van \"C'mon baby, let's get to practice\" said Patricia \"Man that was some great footage man...by the by, you could've easily taken Van down\" chuckled Martin \"Thanks man, if you don't mind...I've got some business to take care of\" said Cody \"Sure kid, thanks for the footage!\" exclaimed Martin \"Anytime bro!\" exclaimed Cody as he ran off to tell Lani that Van was back Cody had headed back to the stage area where Lani was talking to Evan and he began to tell Lani about what happened; \"You will never...guess who I...just...saw\" said Cody out of breath \"Who?\" asked Lani \"Van, right?\" asked Evan \"Wait...how did?\" asked Cody still catching his breath \"I knew he was coming...we've been keeping in contact and...I never wrote to Savannah\" said Evan ashamed \"WHAT?\" yelled Cody and Lani in unison \"Look he's my brother, he's kinda helped me throughout the past\" said Evan pleading his case \"I thought you said you hated him!\" exclaimed Lani \"I did...but he helped me get a girlfriend\" said Evan \"Where is she then?\" asked Lani \"We broke up\" said Evan again ashamed \"Really?\" asked Cody \"Yeah...Judy found out it was a set up and she left me\" said Evan Just then, guess who got up on stage? Come on, I'm serious...oh fine! It was Van and Patricia. They both stepped up to the keyboard and drums respectively, Van and Patricia gave Cody and Lani an icy stare as they began to practice. Van began warming up by playing some notes and Patricia banging the drums in rhythm. Van couldn't take his eyes off Cody and that began to irk him; \"Why don't you take a picture, it'll last longer!\" exclaimed Cody \"Wanna come up here and say that to my face?\" exclaimed Van \"Come on bro, chill!\" exclaimed Evan trying to be the peace keeper but to no avail \"Evan, don't even associate with them...they're trouble!\" exclaimed Van \"Trouble? Excuse me? You're the one who caused most of my problems!\" exclaimed Lani \"So you're the girl who broke his heart? Disgusting!\" exclaimed Patricia \"I'm sorry nobody was talking to you!\" exclaimed Cody \"Whoa, don't you ever talk to her like that again!\" exclaimed Van \"Yeah, you wish you had a girlfriend like me!\" exclaimed Patricia \"Ha! He already has one...me!\" exclaimed Lani \"You know what, screw this! We got our songs memorized, who needs practice...come on Patricia we're outta here!\" exclaimed Van as they both got up \"Right behind you babe\" said Patricia as she walked off with Van \"Typical Van, always running from everything!\" exclaimed Lani \"Whatever, when we become famous I'll send ya a postcard!\" taunted Van \"What a jerk\" said Lani Meanwhile, Evan was just standing there astounded at the bad blood between the two couples. (A/N) Wow...talk about you're typical rivalry! Also Van and Cody's first confrontation...I got that idea from that show H8r, it got canceled but the confrontation was between some dude and WWE superstar The Miz so all credit goes to H8r. Hey look, a second chapter where there's no cliffhanger...I'm so generous. Until next time![Chapter 7] \"I just can't believe those two!\" exclaimed Lani \"Yeah, I know\" replied Cody \"Look...I'll go talk to him\" said Evan \"Why?\" asked Cody \"Don't worry about it\" said Evan Evan then proceeded to look for where Van and Patricia had gone to, meanwhile Cody and Lani were just watching some bands final preparations as the concert was a mere four and a half hours away. \"You know what he said about you before?\" asked Cody to Lani \"What did he say?\" asked Lani \"He said that to him you were just one girl \" said Cody \"He's just jealous\" chuckled Lani Meanwhile, Evan had found Van and Patricia who were sitting on the beach but far from the stage area making out. \"Hey uh...Van did I get you at a bad time?\" asked Evan \"No Evan, me giving up kissing my girlfriend to chat with my little brother? Perfect timing\" said Van sarcastically \"Very funny, look dude I think Cody wants to fight you or something\" said Evan \"Bro, he's not gonna do anything...now go I'm rehearsing\" said Van as he and Patricia continued kissing \"Whatever\" said Evan as he walked away Evan had walked back to the concert area where Cody and Lani were still fuming a little bit because of their tirade; \"Hey guys...I talked to him and...\" said Evan \"Go away!\" interrupted Cody \"Wait...why?\" asked Evan \"Because you lied to us!\" exclaimed Lani \"Look, like I said before he's my brother...family before friends!\" exclaimed Evan \"Look, just go alright?\" said Cody \"Fine...the heck with you both! I hope you both get what's coming to you when Van gets on stage!\" exclaimed Evan \"What do you mean?\" asked Cody \"Wait...no you weren't supposed to hear that!\" exclaimed Evan as he began to back away \"What do you mean Evan?\" exclaimed Lani \"I didn't say a word!\" exclaimed Evan as he ran off to tell Van he unfortunately spilled the beans Evan had gone to the same spot where Van and Patricia were and lo and behold they were still kissing each other and Van saw Evan out of the corner of his eye and he stopped kissing his girl and he was visibly aggravated; \"What now Evan?\" asked Van \"I accidentally told Cody and Lani of your plan to humiliate them\" said Evan embarrased \"Are you stupid Evan?\" exclaimed Patricia \"Really man!\" added Van \"Look bro I'm sorry!\" pleaded Evan \"Argh! Fine! Don't worry!\" exclaimed Van \"What do you plan to do?\" asked Patricia \"Don't worry about that...we got time\" said Van \"So what should I do?\" asked Evan \"Go backstage, tell them you're waiting on me...you're my assistant\" said Van \"Um...okay\" said Evan confused \" You're gonna invite them backstage because you're gonna tell them you've got a plan to humiliate me and then...We're gonna jump that bum Cody, two brothers man!\" exclaimed Van \"I don't think I like that plan\" said Evan upset \"You do it or don't bother coming back home with me and Patricia!\" exclaimed Van \"Wait...what?\" asked Evan confused \"She's moving in\" said Van \"Oh fine!\" exclaimed Evan as he headed back to the stage area to do what he was told When he got there, Cody and Lani were nowhere to be found...he looked all over for them, he checked backstage and there they were; \"What're you guys doing here?\" asked Evan \"We're gonna humiliate Van and his girlfriend during the concert\" said Cody devilishly \"Oh...I was actually here for the same thing!\" said Evan...lying \"Good, you should humiliate them with us...I mean you said it yesterday that you had dismay for Van\" said Lani \"Yeah...you're right\" said Evan [FINALLY THE CONCERT BEGINS!] It was time for the concert, there was a huge crowd and cameras everywhere! There were couples kissing and couples hugging as it was Valentine's Day. The first band up were The Surfin' Twins, Evan, Cody and Lani were waiting backstage for Van and Patricia. \"We're gonna get them good!\" exclaimed Cody After almost a half hour of waiting...Van and Patricia finally entered backstage as they were on next, the first things they immediately saw were Cody, Evan and Lani! \"What are you all doing here?\" asked Van pretending to be puzzled \"You know why\" said Cody \"I do, come on Evan!\" exclaimed Van \"No Van...I'm with them\" said Evan standing his ground \"Wait...what?\" exclaimed Van \"I've put up with you too much! It's time you got what's coming to you!\" exclaimed Evan as he pushed Van to the ground \" Wow...that felt good! \" Evan thought to himself \"Good job Evan!\" exclaimed Lani as she patted Evan's shoulder Patricia was disgusted with Evan but Van was really angry, he quickly got to his feet and grabbed Evan by the neck and made a fist; \"You backstabber! Evan this is gonna hurt me a lot more than it's gonna hurt you!\" exclaimed Van as he pulled his fist back to haul off and punch Evan but as he was doing that, Lani jumped in and grabbed Van's fist! \"Don't you go to hit him!\" exclaimed Lani Van quickly pushed Lani to the ground with his might and Patricia went over to restrain her, Van had went to punch Evan but then Van felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned his head and there was Cody who quickly punched Van right in the face with all his might and Van hit the ground! \"Van! Oh my God!\" exclaimed Patricia rushing to his aid \"Hey guys, you're on next\" said a stagehand oblivious to what went on \"No we're not! I gotta take Van to get some help, he's hurt!\" exclaimed Patricia Van had regained consciousness and saw Patricia helping him up, he put his arm around her and she took him out through the backstage area but before they left, Van had one thing to say to Cody; \"This ain't over Cody...not by a long shot\" said Van coldly as he and Patricia left The crowd had booed wildly when they got wind that Van and Patricia weren't going to perform but quickly went from jeers to cheers when Ankle Biter performed. \"You alright Lani?\" asked Cody coming to her aid \"Yeah, I'm good...way to knock him out!\" said Lani as she hugged Cody \"You too Evan, I'm proud that you stood up to your brother like that\" said Lani as she gave Evan a hug as well \"Thanks, that felt good pushing him like that\" replied Evan \"Well...let's go enjoy the concert\" said Cody as he, Lani and Evan left through the backstage area and went to join the crowd, and to savor their victory! THE END! (A/N) Wow...who knew Cody had such a strong punch? Well Van got what was coming to him! I too am proud of Evan. I want to thank you for reading this (Especially Animation Universe 2005 and Private2Kowalski who guessed right as to who was tapping on Cody's shoulder, you guys both rock!) Also a quick heads up, yes a third fic is in the works! I don't know when I will post it but believe you me, you're not gonna wait a year like this one! So thanks again to all who read and reviewed...don't stop being cool! Until next time. ","Summary":" It was a week before Valentine's Day on Pen Gu, even though it was only seven days away the essence"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"The Wrong Brother","Author":"SwordintheDarkness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8509825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Please go to sleep, please…\" \"Hush little baby don't you cry…mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird….and if that mockingbird don't sing…mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring…\" Lucy attempted to rock her weak daughter to sleep, but the sickly girl didn't sleep much. The only way Lucy could stay awake was by pacing the small bedroom that she shared with her husband, Howard, but he never came around much. When he did, he was drunk, dead tired, or both. She was barely holding on…& these four months later they still did not know if their daughter would pull through. She & Howard had lost their first baby who was born still. The ax, set under the bed during childbirth, stayed collecting dust but they held onto the weak thread of hope that the superstition would help pull their little girl through. Lucy was relieved that the baby was not crying. Since Howard could not seem to hold onto any sum of money, they lived in a room above The County Line, Forrest was nice enough to let them stay free of rent. When she could, Lucy helped out downstairs as Howard did when he wasn't bootlegging or at the sawmill. However, she never failed to feel guilty when the baby wailed at night. Lucy was so wrapped up in her thoughts she didn't even hear Forrest come up the stairs, and she did not know how long he'd been standing in the doorway. \"I don't mean to keep you up,\" Lucy stopped pacing and merely rocked her daughter gently in her arms, \"I'm sorry,\" she said wearily. Forrest shook his head. \"Jus' wanted to wish you a goodnight, Lu,\" he said, looking over her tired features. The woman was barely holding it together. She gave a drained smile and pushed a piece of straggled hair behind her ear, \"Thanks, Forrest, you have a good night,\" she told him affectionately. She saw him finger the small figurine; the one that Forrest never showed to anyone, but always had with him. She'd seen it on the day when Forrest had gotten the better of a bold patron who tried to violate Lucy. He'd stabbed Forrest in the thigh before Forrest took him down. In order to seal the wound, they opened his pant leg, and by accident his pocket…. But she'd never tell. He lingered for a moment longer…like he wanted to help her…take the burden off of her shoulders- but it was hers to bear. He nodded and disappeared into the dark hallway towards his room. Lucy sat down in her rocking chair to continue rocking the baby. Her daughter had calmed and was asleep but it was no use to lay her down…it was as if the baby needed her mother's heart beat to stay calm. The next morning, Lucy awoke in the rocking chair. When she came to, Lucy began to panic, realizing her daughter was no longer in her arms. She stood up, finding that the baby was not in her cradle either. When she heard the baby's coo, she headed to the doorway. She found Forrest holding the babe, while he looked out the window into the front of the County Line lot. Lucy rubbed her eyes. Forrest Bondurant….you were born the wrong brother… she thought before trudging into the hall, \"Thanks, Forrest,\" she said sincerely. When she stepped into the light, Forrest could see the lack of color in Lucy's face, the torpid look in her eyes. She was thin, her skin pulling around her bones as if to just hold her together. \"Made breakfast…\" Forrest closed the curtain of the window. \"Howard ain't been in…\" he headed for the stairs. It was a common conversation for the pair. Lucy didn't even have to ask anymore.[Chapter 2] Her baby wailed. Wailed like death was coming over her. Lucy wanted to cry too, but she couldn't. Thunder rolled across the sky, filling the forest with ambience, but no rain fell just yet. She'd gotten down to the grill and helped make up some sandwiches before her daughter awoke. Lucy attempted to feed the girl, but she wasn't taking. \"Please…\" Lucy begged, finding her tired eyes brimming with tears, \"You must eat something…\" she held the baby tight to her chest but…nothing. During her moment of desperation, a pair of heavy boots ascended the stairs. She looked towards the door to see Howard entering the room. He was dirty, but seemed to be mostly sober. He held his hat in his big hands, \"Mill's shutting down for the storm…\" he said. Lucy nodded, \"For the best,\" she agreed half-heartedly, \"Forrest fixed the window pane…\" she nodded towards the window closest to her, \"We'll be good for this storm and ones to come…\" Howard completed his entrance into the room and awkwardly took a seat on the end of the bed. He took off his boots, then his jacket, setting them aside with his hat. \"She's still not taking?\" Howard mumbled. Lucy shook her head, \"She barely sleeps…\" she explained, kissing their daughter's forehead, \"Get your pay from the Mill today?\" Howard shook his head, \"Owed it to Forrest,\" he responded, ashamed of it for the first time. Lucy took a deep breath, \"Well are you stayin' here tonight?\" she asked. She couldn't have the money conversation…not again…not now… Howard nodded. He peeled his shirt off. \"Gonna go to the pump,\" he stalked out of the room. Lucy watched from the window as Howard cleaned off the day's work at the water pump just outside. Thunder clapped again and the sky grew darker. Lucy could smell the rain coming by the time he returned. Lucy was sitting on the bed, cradling their daughter to her chest. The girl seemed to be asleep but Lucy was taking care to make sure it stayed so. Howard sat down next to her on the bed, \"Lay her down…\" \"I can't…she'll wake…she'll cry…\" Lucy stuttered but Howard's giant hands gently intervened and took the delicate creature from her hands and laid her down in the cradle which he set off to rock before he returned to the bed. He didn't say anything else. He laid down under the blankets. Lucy watched the cradle, and waited for the crying to start. But when nothing sounded, she climbed into bed as well. Though it was a miraculous moment, Lucy found she was worried for her child, who was no longer at her bosom. But Howard shifted, and then his head was on her chest, listening to the sound of her breathing. Lucy kissed the top of his wet hair. \"I'm going to turn things around,\" he promised, \"We got this new thing going…its going to be different…\" Lucy just nodded. \"One day, baby…\" her fingers twisted through his hair. She looked out the window next to their bed. The night began to come on as the rain began to pour down across Franklin County. The last thing Lucy remember seeing before she was lost to the great pull of sleep was Forrest, trudging up through the mud- the last to leave the mill.[Chapter 3] \"Lucy!\" a voice exclaimed and it shook her awake. Coming to, Lucy's nostrils were filled with the smell of smoke and she jumped backwards until she realized what was happening. Jack had appeared next to her at the grill, shutting off the stove and scooping what was left of the charred meat aside. Jack looked concerned, \"Lucy, you alright there?\" he gave his innocent youngest Bondurant smile. Lucy rubbed the bridge of her nose, \"Yeah…I'm fine,\" she waved a hand, \"Sorry about your lunch…\" she said, grabbing the other half of the meat that was going to go back to be kept, but she headed for the grill again. Jack seemed uncomfortable, \"I was just telling you the story of that shoot-up in town…and the next minute I realize you ain't awake….\" he said, taking the meat from her hands but not yet putting it back on the stove. Lucy sighed. She waved a towel in the air to try to get the smoke to clear; she then opened the nearest window. \"I'm sorry, why don't you tell me again?\" she smiled cheerfully, \"You have my full attention.\" But Jack hesitated. They weren't alone in the room. Forrest had appeared through the door, he took his hat off, wringing it in his hands, he then motioned with his head for Lucy to follow and he disappeared into the next room. Lucy patted Jack on the shoulder and followed Forrest where he proceeded to shut the door. \"Forrest, I'm sorry…it won't happen again…& I can pay for the meat I ruined…\" She started but he shook his head. \"Not about that,\" he replied. He slid an envelope across the table to her. Furrowing her brow, Lucy looked inside. \"Forrest, I can't take this…\" she put it down. \"'s Howard's wages,\" he told her, \"For you and the baby.\" \"But Howard told me he owed them to you,\" Lucy replied, feeling her anxious gut wrench return. \"He does…\" Forrest nodded slowly, his southern drawl much like molasses. \"If I'm not mistaken …he owed them to you first,\" he explained. Lucy's eyes averted downward. \"But…Forrest…we're livin' here already…I know what Howard must owe you…\" \"That money is yours & that'll be the end of it,\" Forrest placed his hat back on his head, \"I'm going to-\" but the baby's cries broke through the store walls. Lucy stood from her chair, her hand touching his arm she kissed his cheek, \"Thank-you Forrest, it means the world,\" she said before she swept from the room for the stairs. Forrest headed back into the dining area where Jack had just finished cleaning up the lunch mess. Jack seemed elated to see him, \"Forrest, Forrest you ain't never going to believe what I saw in town today…\" he dug into his pocket but Forrest shook his head, \"Got work to do,\" he said before he left the County Line. Jack sighed and retrieved the bullet casing from his pocket; he'd go show it to Cricket Pate. It was a couple hours before Lucy could finally put the baby down again. Lucy was past her point of exhaustion and was for sure to be wide-awake for the next couple of hours. She meandered back downstairs. Looked like Hal was running things, the boys weren't around and she'd been upstairs with the baby. Hal kissed the top of her head before he returned to flipping a burger for what seemed to be himself. But when Jack walked in, Lucy's stomach fell to the floor. \"What happened?\" Lucy asked, the boy holding back a cry. His right eye was bruised and bloody, along with his nose, lips, and ear. She rushed from behind the counter and lead Jack to a seat at the bar, \"'m fine…\" he muttered, unable to look at her. \"No, sweetie, you ain't fine,\" Lucy wiped her hands on her apron, \"Hal…get me some warm water, a cloth, and some rubbing alcohol,\" she said, \"Needle and thread too…oh & some whiskey!\" she called as the man began to search for her demands. \"Jack…what happened to you?\" she asked, moving a strand of matted hair to the side so she could examine his injuries. He glanced at her, knowing he should be stronger than this, but her look of genuine concern, like the mother & sister he'd lost so long ago caused him to open up, \"Some…law-man…Charley Rakes…he was bullyin' Cricket…\" he explained. Lucy took the warm water and cloth from Hal and began to clean his wounds. \"What kind of lawman attacks a kid like you?\" she muttered. She asked Hal to sterilize the needle. Jack shrugged, but instead of answering her question, \"I ain't a kid…\" he muttered, but his shoulders were shrunk forward in defeat. \"I know, sweetie…but to a lawman you're a kid…\" she explained, cleaning the deepest wounds to see if anything needed a stitch up. \"He wanted to know where the still and the money was,\" Jack finished, wincing as the alcohol burned his wounds. Lucy took a deep breath. It finally happened. She took solace in knowing that no one had gotten the better of Howard since he was a kid, but that didn't mean this new, zealous lawman was above pulling the trigger. \"Hal, honey, could you go find Forrest, please?\" \"No,\" Jack grabbed her arm, he finally looked into her eyes, pleading, \"He can't see me like this...\" But it was too late. The screen door creaked open and both Howard and Forrest entered the restaurant. \"Why don't you go on upstairs?\" he suggested gently to Lucy. Lucy's fingers were holding a cloth to the gash on Jack's ear, she hesitated: \"Forrest, he's gonna need some stitches,\" she said quietly. Forrest nodded, \"Go on upstairs…\" he repeated. Lucy sighed. She looked at Jack whose eyes begged her to stay, but admitted defeat at the same time. She handed Jack the cloth and looked at Howard who nodded towards the stairs. Lucy sighed, \"Don't go too hard on him,\" she whispered as she passed the boys for the stairs, \"He was defendin' Cricket…\" but she picked up her skirts and ascended the stairs to her baby.[Chapter 4] A few nights had gone by since the incident at Winnie Pate's house and Jack was just starting to stand up straight again. His face had turned an awful color as it healed and they kept an eye on his right cornea just in case, but it seemed to be doing just fine. Lucy was finding that for an hour or so at random times of the day she could lay her baby down and give her arms a rest. Lucy herself was still weak and wispy, as if a big gust of wind could carry her off, but things were looking up. The restaurant slowly emptied as time wore on. She wiped down the counter and watched the front door. Forrest had a deal going down and he waited in the office for Howard, just in case things went south. They had a lot of money on hand. But her stomach began to churn again when the night wore on and Howard didn't show. She peered her head down the hall and she looked back at him and shook her head. She went back to the counter. \"Hey, legs,\" one of the men spoke, \"How 'bout another drink?\" he smirked. She stood in front of him, behind the counter, \"Gotta pay now, we're shutting the counter up here soon…\" The man shook his head, \"I'm not paying for nuthin',\" he gave her a toothy smirk, \"How about you just give me a kiss instead…\" She began to walk towards the hall to call for Forrest but suddenly there was a gun in her side. She paused, frozen the man smirked, \"Now be a good girl and get me a –\" but he couldn't finish. Her panic kicked in and she grabbed the knife on the cutting board and spun. The man tried to counter but took ahold of the knife with his hand before she could get him. He yelled out and struggled, \"Bitch!\" he exclaimed. She wouldn't let go of the knife, for fear that he'd turn it on her. But when Forrest entered the room, the man let go, \"She wouldn't give me another drink when I paid for it…then that bitch pulled a knife on me!\" he exclaimed, sucking the blood from his fingers. Forrest's eyes flickered to Lucy who gave the slightest shake of her head. \"I think it's time you boys leave,\" Forrest stood as a sentry, Hal next to him now. \"These boys wanted a drink for free…when she wouldn't give…he pulled a gun on Lucy…\" Hal said to Forrest. Forrest took a dangerous step forward, \"Did you pull a gun on this woman?\" he asked slowly. His body became aware of the iron knuckles in his pocket. The man shook his head, \"No, we didn't-\" but Forrest stopped him, \"Did you pull a gun on this woman?\" he asked again. The second man in the bar lunged forward but Forrest saw it coming. He fought the guy down before moving on to the second man. The fight was quick but bloody and brutal. Forrest and Hal tossed the two men outside. Somewhere in the middle of the fight, the baby had begun to cry again. Lucy watched as Forrest came back inside, \"Sent Hal home,\" he said, not acknowledging the blood splatter upon his clothing or the gash on his eyebrow. \"C'mere,\" she whispered, her hands shaking slightly. Forrest walked forward and she examined his eyebrow, \"Best take a seat, Forrest, I'm gonna need to stitch that up,\" she said. \"Go on now…the baby will cry herself back to sleep,\" she held back a yawn. Forrest unwilling took a seat as Lucy found all the supplies she recently used on Jack. She just hoped that it wasn't becoming a pattern for these boys. She silently cursed Howard as she stitched up his deepest gash. The night became darker but Howard was still not there. When she was done, she kissed his wound gently, \"All finished,\" she whispered. She put the supplies away, \"You should go on up to bed now,\" Forrest said. \"I'll lock up,\" he finished, heading back out the front door. Obliging, Lucy found her exhaustion again as she went up the stairs to her bedroom. She would give another try to feeding her daughter. She rocked the child in her arms and she looked out the window. The single light in the lot illuminating Forrest's old Model A as he took a look under the hood. But then she saw two men enter into the light as well, and before she knew it they were brutally attacking Forrest. \"No!\" She exclaimed. She put Lucy down in her cradle again, the baby wailing as she was separated from her mother. With a new found energy she flew down the stairs. She grabbed the shotgun that was behind the counter and flew out the door, \"Get away from him!\" she called. Forrest was a heap on the ground, holding his neck together and Lucy felt her whole body go cold. She took a shot but barely nicked the second man's shoulder. They advanced on her and she shot again but missed, shooting over the first man's head. The men took ahold of her, each arm and dragged her back into the County Line. She kicked and screamed, her cries joining that of her daughters. \"No! No! Forrest!\" she called but it was no use. The men proceeded to each have their way with her. Her screams echoed into the deaf night.[Chapter 5] Lucy took her normal stance with her baby in her arms, looking out the window, but she wasn't at the County Line. She was at the hospital. She stood in Forrest's room as he slept, a large white gauze bandage stained red, around his neck. She turned around when the door opened and a nurse let in Jack and Howard. Jack began to talk to his brother and Howard approached her, his eyes red and weary. But she could hardly look at him. Her whole body shook but she couldn't sit down. If she stopped, she'd have to think… Before Howard could speak, Forrest stirred. Jack began to talk about getting the men that attacked Forrest, but Howard tried to push him away. \"What you gun' do about it?\" Forrest drawled, his voice scratchy and weak. \"I'll kill 'em,\" Jack promised before Howard got Jack out of the room. Lucy slowly approached Forrest, clutching her sleeping babe to her chest. She took the chair next to Forrest and reached out, grasping his hand. \"Welcome back,\" her eyes filled with tears. He looked at her, \"No cryin' now…\" he said, looking at her affectionately through his haze. Lucy leaned over and kissed his cheek, \"Don't speak…you have to get better…\" she said, her thumb rubbing the top of his hand. \"My God…Forrest…I am so sorry,\" she began to cry for the first time since the two days previous, the incident. Howard re-entered the room. Forrest's eyes watched him cross the room to Lucy. He helped her up from the chair and ushered her from the room but when they were just outside she began to cry. Howard awkwardly attempted to hold her in his arms but she fought him off. \"No! NO!\" She cried out. This caused her own baby to stir and fuss. She rocked the child away from her husband, \"Where were you?\" she asked, feeling as if she'd collapse in on herself. \"I'm sorry…\" Howard admitted sincerely. She could see it in his eyes- he felt guilty. He knew that it wouldn't have happened to Forrest if he was there…and that she could've gotten hurt as well…if he only knew… \"He needed you,\" she cried, holding her baby close for comfort, \"He needed you and you weren't there!\" \"I know…\" Howard replied, shifting uncomfortably. \"How'd you get away?\" he asked, \"How'd Forrest get here?\" Lucy's breath caught in her throat, \"He walked here, didn't ya here? He walked here with his head near cut off while you buried yourself in drink!\" Lucy couldn't take it anymore. She wiped her tears from her face. \"Look, I'm spending my days here until Forrest is better, so you and Jack better figure out what to do with that restaurant…\" she disappeared back into Forrest's room. It was one month before Forrest was released from the hospital. A red scar traced his neck from ear to ear. Lucy left the hospital with him. She found that her baby seemed to get stronger as Forrest did. If she could face Howard, her mother's instinct told her that they could name the baby then…she'd pull through. It had been the first week since her daughter was born that she had slept through a night. Lucy was in the back shed, a fire was going as she attempted to dry some of their laundry. She hung the boy's shirts on a line near the warmth and her own dress that she'd gotten wet while washing the others. She wore her white under garment, modest, but she didn't want to freeze to death and it was nice and toasty in the shed. The heat felt nice on her skin. Her coat hung over her chair. But then a figure opened the door, letting a cold breeze in. She found she only knew the man by name, Charley Rakes. She crossed her arms over her chest, \"Would ya mind shutting the door?\" she asked. \"My apologies,\" the man with the awkward part stated before he shut the door. His suit was pristine, she noted: gloves, not a hair out of place. \"I believe you are Lucy Bondurant, unless I am mistaken?\" \"And you'd be Charley Rakes? The man that beat up little Jack Bondurant…\" Lucy did not accept his hand when he extended it. The man gave a laugh and took his hand back, \"That does not concern you…but I am here to talk to you about the night that Forrest Bondurant was attacked, here in this very parking lot…\" he said. \"Ain't nothing to talk about…it's all in the papers,\" She replied, reaching for her coat. She suddenly felt very exposed. But he reached out and stopped her, \"Is it?\" he asked. His gloved fingers did not touch her skin, but traced a scar that lay above her breast, \"Some say there was someone else here that night…\" \"There's a lot of talk in town,\" she seethed, \"Now if that's all Mr. Rakes you can leave…\" \"How's your child, Mrs. Bondurant? Is she well? I hear she's not in good health…it would be a pity if anything happened to her…\" \"Bastard…\" Lucy muttered. She drew her hand back to smack him to hell and back but his hand caught her wrist. He laughed an unnerving laugh. \"You wouldn't be able to fight a man off….let alone two…\" he examined her delicate hands. He then let her go. \"I'm not going anywhere, Mrs. Bondurant, not until your husband and his brothers give up their bootlegging…\" he said. \"They's innocent,\" Lucy hissed. \"Now I think you should get off our property…\" she demanded. \"Hm…yes…I have no interest in being in a place like this anyway…\" he lazily brushed her coat from the chair and into the fire. She glared at him, getting ready to smack him again, \"You might want to tell someone what happened that night,\" He looked over her chest again. \"Before someone else does,\" he said. He opened the door again and left without another word. He left the door wide open, not bothering to close it behind him. Lucy shivered. Forrest watched as Rakes got back into his car and left the lot. He looked back to Lucy and walked across the lot to her. \"Was he in here?\" he asked, glancing to the coat in the fire. Lucy nodded, \"Yeah…makin' empty threats is all,\" she replied with another shiver. Forrest took off his sweater and put it around her, \"You get on in the house,\" he told her. \"I'll finish this up…\" Lucy drew his sweater close and headed inside and up the stairs where her daughter was still sleeping like a little angel. She kissed her forehead before she rifled in her trunk to find something warm to wear. Howard entered their room, his heavy footsteps obvious. \"Did Rakes threaten you?\" Lucy finally pulled something new out. She stood and faced him, \"No…he threatened you…\" she pulled the new dress on. \"And…\" she sighed, her eyes flying to the floor. When she found her words, she looked up at him again, \"And he threatened here…\" Howard's eyes flashed. He had been into drink but he was coherent. He held more than any man could so he was still completely in control. \"I don't care where this man's from…he best not come around here again…\" he threw his hat on his bed. \"You shoulda called for us…\" \"I can handle it…\" Lucy replied. She approached him and took his coat off. She got him to sit down and preceded to take his boots off, \"We should name her…\" she said. Howard looked hopefully from his wife to his daughter, \"You think?\" \"I'm sure,\" Lucy responded, putting his shoes aside. \"And, I've been thinking a lot about it and I think it's only right that we name her Emmy, after your sister…\" Howard took her face in his hands. His hands were so large compared to her delicate features that it felt as if her life was at his fingertips. But he kissed her- his breath smelling of whiskey and moonshine. Lucy's shaking fingers unbuttoned Howard's shirt and helped him be rid of it. When his hands began to work off the dress she just put on, she began to cry. She became a limp form in her husband's lap. \"Cy, what's wrong?\" he asked slowly, having absolutely no idea why she'd cry at this moment. She cried into her husband's broad chest, \"I need Forrest…\"[Chapter 6] It had been a week since Lucy had cried for Forrest in the arms of his brother and Lucy had not seen head or tail of Howard. For the first time in his absence, Lucy understood. She breastfed Emmy while rocking back and forth, watching Jack and his new car load up with Cricket to go on their own run as the sun began to set. The light was coming back in both Emmy and Lucy. It was just in time for the war over moonshining that was waging against the boys & all of Franklin County. Lucy hadn't told Forrest what happened with Howard, and Forrest didn't ask. \"You could sneak up on just about anybody, you know that?\" Lucy's eyes didn't leave the window, but she could feel that Forrest was in the room. \"Uhm…Howard's staying up at the Still…\" Forrest explained, as if she couldn't have guessed. \"That's just fine…it's my fault anyway…\" Lucy continued to rock back and forth, but the rocker encountered a resistance and Lucy found Forrest standing beside her, his hand on the top of the chair. He knelt down to her level, \"Now Lu….that night,\" he said but he didn't have to specify- she knew, \"those men…you were still here…did they come back in here?\" he looked deep into her eyes. Lucy shook her head, \"No, they just left.\" her words held strong but it was her eyes that betrayed her. His eyes fell down to Emmy's form, suckling to Lucy's chest. His eyes traced over the thin scar. \"They hurt you?\" he looked back into her eyes. Her eyes glistened but she shook her head, \"No….they just left…\" she said, steading her breath. She felt that Emmy had fallen asleep. She removed the girl from her breast, covered herself back up and laid the baby down to sleep. \"Why do you ask?\" she took a deep breath, trying to change the subject. \"Uhm…just…things coming back to me…'s all…\" he said but his heavy gaze never left her. Lucy placed her hands on her hips, \"Well we should let her sleep,\" she whispered. She took Forrest's hand and lead him from the room and she shut the door. \"Where's Jack going?\" \"His own business…\" Forrest replied blandly. It was obvious Jack had his brother's permission, but Forrest wasn't completely behind the decision. But Lucy lead him to his bedroom and shut the door behind them, \"Forrest…what do you think of me and Howard?\" she asked sincerely, \"Together…I mean…\" she cast her eyes down to the floor. \"Uhm…not entirely sure what you mean,\" Forrest admitted, his eyes tracing the fine features of her face for a clue. She shifted her weight, her fingers tangling within each other, but he remained perfectly still. \"I mean…I love him,\" she said exasperatedly, \"I do…but…he won't connect with me…he doesn't feel… \" she rambled, trying to find the right explanation, \"Like…he never thought I was good enough…especially after what happened to our first baby…\" her eyes welled with tears again, but she would not let herself cry. Forrest's hand reached out and awkwardly turned her face to look at him. His hands were rough but tender and she reached up and touched his hand as it rested on her face. \"I need you here, Forrest…\" she whispered. She'd finally said it aloud- a heavy weight lifted from her chest, \"Don't you go no where…\" Forrest nodded slowly. \"Howard don't know what he's doing…after the war…\" he shook his head. \"Uhm…Lu…he's a good man…\" \"I know,\" her cheeks glistened with tears, \"I know…\" Lucy just wanted him to take her into his arms and hold her. But she knew he'd never make a move. He'd never consider it- even if he wanted to. \"Thank-you, Forrest,\" she whispered. She leaned forward and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips. She leaned back down and left the room without another word. Lucy spent the next five nights alone in bed, only her baby girl to keep her company. And every one of those nights, just before the hall light was killed, she knew Forrest watched her. And every single one of those nights, she wanted to invite him into her bed. And every lonely night she spent awake. On the sixth night, she climbed out of her bed after the hallway light went off. She crept down the hall and stood in his doorway. Her body draped in moonlight she hesitated. What was she doing? This was insanity… \"Lu?\" he questioned in his low, scratchy voice. But she didn't speak. She just walked forward, her feet doing the thinking. She knelt down to the floor next to his bed that sat atop the floorboards. She slipped under the blanket with him and pressed her body against his. Her hand rested on his firm chest, her head against his arm. She leaned up and planted a soft kiss at the end of his scar. He didn't say anything. His hand reached up to cover hers on his chest. He closed his eyes.[Chapter 7] Lucy sat at the front table next to the window, Emmy in her lap, the day's paper in her other hand. She was reading the Snuffy Smiths of the Hills comic. The comic depicted mountain men, or moonshiners, with a gun in one hand and a jug in the other, unwilling to do a read day's work. She laughed to herself. But when she looked over to Forrest who was cleaning up that morning's breakfast, she didn't see a resemblance to the comic strip. The newspapers blew Franklin County up to something of a legend. The law knew what went down in Franklin, but did not yet have the enforcement to eradicate it. But, that's just what she figured Charley Rakes was fixing to do. Jack had popped into The County Line, dressed his one of his new suits, beaming. He took a seat at Lucy's table. \"I need your advice,\" he said. He set a box down on the table, \"I got this…for Bertha Minnix…do y'think she'll like it?\" Jack slid the box over to her. Lucy set her newspaper aside and opened the lid. Inside sat a new camera. \"Wow, Jack, that's quite the present…\" she said, sliding the box back to him and cradling her child in both arms, \"Isn't she that pastor's daughter?\" Jack shook his head sheepishly, \"Yeah…but it don't matter…anyone can use a camera…\" he said, shutting the lid. Lucy nodded, \"I'm sure she'll love it…it's an awfully nice gift,\" Lucy told him. The boy was so full of passion that it made her smile. \"Thanks Lucy,\" he said. He stood up from the table, grabbed the camera and turned to leave when he saw Charley Rakes pull up in the lot with Deputy Abshire. Forrest set his rag down and came out from behind the counter to stand next to Lucy. The two men sauntered up the steps and entered The County Line. \"What do you think you are doin' here?\" Forrest asked plainly. Abshire attempted a smile to alleviate the situation that was bound to arise, \"Look here, Forrest…\" but Rakes held up a gloved hand. He seemed pleased about something and his chest puffed out like a proud Rooster's. \"This here is the warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Lucy Bondurant,\" he handed the slip of paper to Forrest. But Forrest wouldn't take it. Jack snatched it from the man's hand to confirm the claim. Forrest was dangerously still, \"What charges?\" he asked, standing in between Lucy and Rakes. Lucy was stunned. She hadn't done anything wrong! She held her baby tightly; they couldn't take her away from Emmy. \"Assaulting an officer,\" Rakes said. He lifted his sleeve to reveal a thin red gash, \"When I came around here last week on a peaceful visit, she attacked me in the shed before she attempted to seduce me into silence,\" Rakes explained. Abshire stepped up, \"Look, Forrest, we just have to take her in for questioning, 's all…\" he said, wringing his hat nervously in his hands. \"It's not true!\" Lucy exclaimed, \"You threatened me!\" she looked at Rakes who just gave an unsettling high-pitched laugh. \"She ain't going anywhere with you,\" Forrest continued. He knew it wasn't true and he didn't care what the piece of paper said. Jack shook his head, \"She wouldn't have done something like that,\" he addressed Abshire. Abshire gave him an apologetic look in return. \"Please stand up, Mrs. Bondurant…\" Rakes stated, watching Forrest carefully. He made sure to show Forrest that he was carrying. \"This will go a lot easier with full cooperation.\" \"She ain't going anywhere with you,\" Forrest repeated again. \"I'm afraid she is,\" Rakes was beaming. \"Now, Mrs. Bondurant, please hand your baby off to one of the boys here and follow me,\" he demanded. Lucy shook her head. She stood up, holding the baby firmly to her chest. \"No. I ain't going anywhere with you, I did nothing wrong!\" she exclaimed, \"I can't leave my baby…she's just getting better…\" she looked at Abshire. \"It won't be for long, Mrs. Bondurant,\" Abshire failed at being a comfort. \"Mrs. Bondurant either you had that baby over or I will take it from you,\" Rakes got dangerous. Forrest took a step towards Rakes, daring him to try. \"Abshire,\" Rakes said boredly. Abshire seemed horrified but took a step towards Lucy, \"Now, Lucy,\" he said, trying to get close, \"I promise it'll be alright…now hand me the child…\" But Lucy stood as firm as Forrest. \"Alright then…\" Rakes figured it would come to this. He pulled out his pistol and aimed it right between Forrest's eyes. \"You delay any longer and put him down.\" Forrest did not flinch. But Lucy was horrified. After what the man did to little Jack, she did not know how far he'd bluff. She shook her head, \"No…it's alright…\" Reluctantly she passed Emmy off to Jack. Emmy immediately began to cry. \"It'll be alright, momma will be right back…\" she kissed her child's forehead; the baby reached out to Lucy. Lucy turned away. She looked at Forrest who shook his head, \"You ain't going with them,\" he ignored the gun barrel that stared him down. \"It's okay,\" Lucy touched his face gently, \"I'll be right back…you heard the deputy…\" she kissed his cheek and looked at Rakes. Rakes lowered the gun to his side, but still held on, \"This way,\" he lead Lucy to the car and climbed into the backseat with her as Abshire climbed into the driver's seat. Forrest's tight jawline only hardened as the car disappeared down the drive. Emmy's wails filled the house and Hal had gotten there just in time to see them drive away. \"What are we gonna do, Forrest?\" Jack asked, awkwardly trying to calm the child. \"Get Howard…we're going down to the station,\" Forrest ordered, his hand tracing over the iron knuckles in his pocket. \"Give Emmy over to Hal,\" he finished, disappearing into his room. Jack passed the baby off to Hal with a quick explanation. He had to find Howard and fast. He climbed back into his car, the camera momentarily forgotten on the diner's table.[Chapter 8] \"Deputy…you know me…you've known me…I didn't do this… Lucy pleaded. Abshire was sympathetic, but he lead her to the interrogation room none the less, \"I know…but he's made the claims and we have to see it through…\" he said, pulling out the chair for her. Lucy took a seat, \"I have to get home to my baby…she won't eat or sleep without me…\" she said desperately. \"I know…\" Abshire replied but he left the room all the same, shutting the door behind him. Lucy took a deep breath. She looked around. No windows, one door. The brick was a faded yellow; the table was a simple dark wood as was her chair and the one opposite. There was a lamp on the table, along with a glass ashtray. There was a clock on the wall that ticked loudly, making the minutes that passed by seem even longer. Finally, the door clicked open and Charley Rakes strutted in; a hand in his suit pocket. Lucy glared at him but it didn't faze the slick man. He smirked and his eyes glistened with victory, \"This is going to be very simple, Mrs. Bondurant,\" he said, his Chicago accent thick. \"You tell me where the still is…where Forrest keeps the money and where the stock is…all of this is brought down to a simple misunderstanding,\" he took a seat across from her, he began to flick a lighter open and closed. Lucy crossed her arms over her chest, \"You lyin' bastard…\" she began, \"I will not tell you anything. If you want information you should try doin' your job…\" Charley continued to smile, \"This is my job, Mrs. Bondurant,\" he replied, \"Now I will ask you again: the still. The money. The stock.\" He said, his eyes watching her carefully. Lucy pursed her lips. \"Playing hard to get, are we? That may work on Forrest Bondurant, but I have far less patience you see,\" he continued. He pulled a cigarette from his pocket, lit it with his lighter and took a drag. \"If we have to do this the hard way I will destroy your family…from Forrest to your little girl…. Now Mrs. Bondurant; the still, the money, the stock: where are they? Lucy leaned across the table, \"You can say that all you want but I won't tell you anything ,\" she said. \"Those boys are innocent.\" Charley frowned, he reached across the table and took ahold of her forearm, \"Innocent?\" he laughed his shrill laugh then he took the cigarette and pressed the burning end into her skin. Lucy shrieked, pulling at her arm, desperate to take it back, \"What are you doing?!\" she exclaimed. He finally let go, \"I am not here to play games,\" he said. Lucy looked at him incredulous before she stood up and ran for the door. Charley got up and followed her, taking ahold of her hair he pulled her from the doorknob, \"Tell me and you walk out of here…\" he seethed before throwing her to the ground. Lucy pushed herself up from the ground but he landed a kick to her abdomen, causing her to cough and coil. \"Stop…\" she weezed. He knelt down to her left, he took a fistful of her hair and pulled her face to look at his, \"The still?\" he asked. When she didn't answer, he beat her head against the ground. He stood up again. \"The money?\" She didn't answer. It took a lot of energy to lift her head again. The room was spinning and it felt like her head was filled with rocks. Blood trickled down from her head. He kicked her lower back twice. She screamed out, trying to crawl away from him, \"You can't do this! Abshire! Someone help!\" she cried out. He laughed again, \"Not as tough as we think, are we Mrs. Bondurant?\" he was on a power trip. When she looked up at him, tears streaming down her face she pleaded, \"Please don't do this…\" He backhanded her across the face with a deafening 'smack'. \"The stock?\" he asked lowly, readjusting his gloves. \"You can beat me all you want…it w-won't change anything…but the boys will k-kill you for this…\" she backed herself to the wall for support. \"The boys?\" he repeated. He leaned down to her level and took her throat into his gloved hand and squeezed, \"I don't see them anywhere…\" he said as she struggled for breath, \"You life is in my hands now, don't you see? I'm a bad enemy to have…\" She squirmed and struggled for air. Finally, she was able to angle a knee up and hit Rakes in the stomach. He recoiled and she was able to take a deep breath, trying to regain her senses. \"You bitch!\" he exclaimed, winding his arm back he punched her across the face. Blood dripped down from her nose and her lip split open on the next one he landed across her jaw. Lucy sobbed on the ground. He walked away from her, giving her a moments peace. He lit up another cigarette and took a couple drags. He calmed himself down before returning to her, \"Why protect them?\" he asked, \"We just want to end the moonshining business…\" he lied but sounded convincing. \"I protect them because they'd never hit a woman…\" she replied with her voice raspy, \"You piece of shit…\" He put the cigarette out on her arm not once but twice, adding two more burns. She screeched in pain. When she looked down she saw the blood staining her dress. Her body ached. \"Please stop…\" she pleaded. \"This all stops when I have what I need…\" he said. His hand traced the side of her face, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. After the moment of tenderness he landed another punch to her gut. She screamed out again. Then the door opened, Abshire entered, \"Mr. Rakes!\" he exclaimed, rushing forward. Rakes stood up. He began, finger by finger, to take his gloves off. Abshire leaned down to Lucy to check her wounds. \"Put her in a cell overnight,\" Rakes commanded. He pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and began to wipe the blood and sweat from his hands and face. \"But…Rakes…we can't leave this poor woman in a cell overnight…it's indecent,\" Abshire responded. He helped Lucy from the floor but remained next to her for support. Blood still dripped from her nose to the floor. Abshire took his own handkerchief from his pocket and handed it to her. \"Do as I say, Abshire, you know who's in charge here…this is what we need…to break the Bondurant boys…\" Rakes replied. He looked over Lucy, seeming proud of himself, \"Then we will have all of Franklin County…\" \"Look, if I know anything about those boys, they'll be here any minute for her,\" Abshire followed Rakes from the room, still supporting Lucy as they walked. The girl cried but neither man offered a comfort. \"This is a police station, is it not? You can keep three men out of here until morning, yes? Or are you completely incompetent?\" Rakes rounded on Abshire. \"Well, no sir, but-\" Abshire continued. \"But, nothing,\" Rakes was annoyed. \"Ah, yes, here we are. You,\" he pointed to an office, \"Open this cell…\" he ordered. The young deputy fished for the keys and swung the iron door open, it creaked loudly. \"No, Mr. Abshire…\" Rakes eerily smiled, motioned with the bloody hankerchief to the cell. Lucy cried, \"Please…Henry please…\" she begged. Her whole body ached and she just wanted to see Forrest again and hold her baby close. \"I'm so sorry, Lucy,\" he whispered, but he lead her into the cell, helped her sit on the bed and then left. Rakes shut the door with a satisfying click. He looked at her through the bars, \"I always win, Mrs. Bondurant, only you can choose the path it takes…\" he then walked away. Lucy curled up. Her boys would come for her, she knew they would. She wondered if she needed a doctor. Her head still felt as though it weighed more than the rest of her body, and her ears filled with cotton. Her arm burned and her back was stiff with pain. Her nose had begun to clot but blood stained her skin and her close. Her lip was swollen and her hair was matted down with sweat and blood. She cried into the rough pillow. The young deputy who opened the cell looked at her pitifully. He wanted to do something but Rakes was not a man to be crossed…even they saw how crazy he was. A few hours later, the young deputy slipped her a glass of water and slice of bread, though she was too weak to get up from the bed to retrieve it.[Chapter 9] \"Oh Lucy dear, it's time to go,\" Rakes opened the cell door; it groaned in protest. The noise of the creaking door made Lucy's head split. She struggled to open her eyes. Her whole body was so sore that she wasn't sure if she could feel anything at all. When she tried to push herself up, her abdomen screamed in protest. She could see the dried blood on her dress and her arms were discolored from the cigarettes, the burns turning her skin an unnatural color. Her head felt like it was filled with bricks, her ears with cotton. She could tell her lip was swollen when she parted her lips to speak, \"What's going on?\" she asked, barely being able to orient herself; the world slowly started to come to as she remembered the day before. Her eyes focused in the bright sunlight that streamed through the jail windows. \"We don't have all day,\" Rakes pressured. He entered the cell and took ahold of her upper arm. She moaned and tried to pull away, but she had no strength left. He yanked her from the bed and tried to keep her standing. \"Your charges have been dropped,\" he said, his smirk making Lucy feel sick. He half pulled and half dragged Lucy to the door. When he pushed it open she couldn't quite believe what was outside. There were three cops on either side of the door with guns pointed out into the dirt drive. Forrest's beat up Model A, Forrest, Howard, and Jack stood in a line, waiting for Rakes to retrieve her. Each of their faces slowly fell into shock. \"Well boys, she's just as guilty as you,\" he said. He stepped with her to the first stair, being sure not to leave the porch with the armed officers. \"The charges have been dropped,\" he explained, \"But this is not over…I'm sure Mrs. Bondurant can tell you all about it,\" he finished before his gloved hand slipped from Lucy's upper arm and he headed back inside. Lucy had not been ready and when Rakes was no longer holding her up, in vertigo she began to fall. \"Lucy!\" both Jack and Howard exclaimed as they ran to her. She'd hit the wood but not hard. Howard took her into his arms, \"What did he do to you?\" he asked, his breath smelling faint of alcohol. He looked back into the police door but there was an armed officer there as well. Lucy just wanted to go to sleep. \"Take me home,\" she begged. Howard picked her up into his arms and carried her to the car. He set her down and Forrest came around to the side. He looked at her and seeing his face made Lucy want to break down and cry. He looked her over, his hand reaching out to look at the burns on her arm and then the blood on her dress. \"Emmy…how's Emmy?\" she asked, tears trickling down her face. She closed her eyes again, wanting nothing but sleep. But before she could slide down and slump into the seat Forrest pulled her up, \"Don't go to sleep, Lu…\" he told her. He looked at his brothers. \"She got a concussion?\" Jack asked, \"Cricket had one of those once…they're nasty…\" Lucy began to cry, but that only caused her more pain, \"I just want to sleep… \" she pleaded. Jack climbed into the driver's seat. Forrest pulled Lucy into him, \"Howard,\" he spoke slowly. He picked Lucy up and carried her round to the back of the truck. \"We'll lay her down…uhm… she can't go to sleep…\" he explained. Howard hopped up into the back. They laid the girl down, Howard resting at her head, placing her head in his lap. Before Forrest climbed he rounded on his heel and headed up the steps to the station. One of the cops stepped forward, \"Look here, Forrest, we don't want no trouble here now…we've been ordered to shoot at the first sign of…\" but Forrest grabbed his throat and squeezed, \"Then I'd suggest you be out of here by the time me and my brother's get back…\" his face was dangerously close to the other's. His fellow officers just stood rooted. They all feared Forrest Bondurant: the man who walked 12 miles with his throat slit wide open. Finally, Forrest let go and the man fell to the ground, gasping for breath. Forrest headed back to the truck and climbed into the bed, tapping the side to let Jack know to drive. He looked at Howard, \"We'll get her home, we'll get her better…and…we will come back here and kill Mr. Rakes,\" he promised. Howard nodded. He held his wife as still as possible as the car shook down the dirt road. Jack was being as careful as he could not to make a fuss. Lucy reached out and took Forrest's hand in her own. \"I didn't tell him nothing…\" she said, her eyes struggling to stay open. Her voice was raspy from shrieking and crying, a few discolored marks in the shape of fingerprints sat on either side of her neck. Forrest nodded. He glanced from his brother Howard back down to Lucy, \"I know.\" Lucy must've blacked out somewhere after that because when she came round again it was dark outside and she was in her own bed. She was surprised to see Forrest in her room, holding Emmy and looking out the window with the sleeping baby in his arms. Remembering how to form words Lucy spoke, \"She doesn't sleep for nobody but me,\" her swollen lip turned into a smile, \"Musta charmed her while I was gone.\" Forrest looked over at her, a gas lamp sat next to the girl and it lightly illuminated her face. When she caught a look in his eye, Lucy knew it was relief. \"She was crying for a while once you left…uhm…\" Forrest set the baby down in her bed, \"I picked her up to see what she wanted….\" Forrest shuffled to her bedside. \"What did that man say to you?\" Lucy looked down at the buttons on his shirt. \"I…I don't remember…\" she admitted. She put her hand to her head when it hurt to remember, her fingers traced along stitches. \"Doctor come by?\" she asked, sniffing once. Forrest nodded. \"Where's Howard?\" she asked, curious as to why she didn't wake up next to her husband. \"With Jack, gettin' ready,\" Forrest explained vaguely. \"Where? For what?\" Lucy pressed, bringing her hand to her nose and lip to trace her own injuries. She must look like hell. \"Cricket Pate's got a small armory I'm told,\" Forrest replied. Lucy understood. They were going in and she began to fear they wouldn't come back. Her eyes glistened again but she didn't want to cry anymore. \"Forrest…would you lay with me?\" she asked vulnerably, her eyes still at the buttons of his shirt. Forrest didn't move for a long time. She closed her eyes and let the tears drop but then the bed shifted and Forrest in all his clothes (even his shoes) climbed in next to her. She rested her pounding head on his chest and she felt his arm drape around her waist. She felt safe. \"Don't you go no where,\" she told him. \"I know what you've gotta do…but you are going to come home to me…and you're going to bring Howard and Jack back with you…\" she said, choking back the tears. \"Because it'd be just like you to believe your own damn legend…\" she accused, \"But you have a beating heart, Forrest Bondurant, and it can be stopped just like anyone else's…\" Forrest didn't reply. He looked down at her and wiped away the tears from her cheeks carefully. He leaned down and planted a kiss on each of her visible wounds. He brought her arm up and he kissed each of the burns. Lucy cried silently, \"Don't you say goodbye to me….\" Forrest leaned down and kissed her on the lips. It hurt Lucy only a little but she forgot her pain. Then Forrest climbed out of the bed as headlights illuminated up the driveway. He picked Emmy up out of her cradle and handed her to Lucy. He reached the doorway before he spoke again, \"I'll never say goodbye to you, Lucy Bondurant…\"[Chapter 10] Lucy silently thanked God for the storm that hit Franklin County, Virginia late that evening. It was as if God himself was trying to keep her boys safe. The road at the end of their drive had flooded; the mud was thick and unforgiving. Lightning lit up the black sky and thunder worked relentlessly to remind of its existence. The Model A, full of Pate's weapons sat under an awning as the skies emptied onto The County Line. Lucy was still sore and had barely left her bed. Thankfully, her little girl was sleeping right through God's vengeance. She climbed out of bed, wincing as she was reminded her of her injuries. But she pressed on, slipped on her house shoes and shuffled from the room with her gas lamp. God had also seen fit to take the electricity as well. Downstairs was well lit by candles and lamps. Jack was at a table, carving his pig stick into a block of wood. Howard was at the bar, his hand around a glass. It took her a minute to find Forrest: he was at the screen door, looking out into the muddy lot, the rain, with a cigarette burning untouched between his fingers. \"Cy…\" Howard took notice of her first. He stood, \"You shouldn't be out of bed…\" he said uncertainty, \"Go back upstairs…\" he stood in front of her. \"I can't, Howard…\" she said. \"I cant' stay in that bed one more minute…\"she shuffled to the table that Jack sat at and focused on seating herself with the least amount of resistance. She set her gas lamp aside. \"I'm alright…so no fussing,\" she told the room. Jack smiled at her, \"Sure is good to see you up and about again, Lucy,\" he said, carving away. \"Thanks Jack,\" she said, trying to get comfortable. \"You just goin' to stand there Howard, or are you going to pour your wife a drink?\" she smiled at him in the darkness. He shuffled about and a moment later she had a drink. Lucy, Jack, and Howard were all seated at the table now, making small talk. Each of them avoided the elephant in the room; they had no need to talk about Rakes or the vengeance they planned on extracting on Lucy's behalf. \"Forrest, come sit down…\" Lucy couldn't stand it any longer. He could not will the rain away: he would just have to wait patiently like the rest of them. \"You're making me anxious…\" she admitted. \"Just waiting for the lighntin' to stay…\" Forrest replied, not even looking at them to answer. \"Then what? You plan on swimming today?\" Lucy asked sarcastically. The man could not be serious. He couldn't get anything done in that weather- it would wash him down the road. But his lack of answer only confirmed what Lucy had hoped he was not thickheaded enough to do. \"Forrest, you come in here and sit down. There's nothing you can do yet…you'll drown out there…\" Lucy eyed the bucket that caught water from the leaking roof. Forrest was a statute. Both Howard & Jack knew there was no use in talking to Forrest- he'd made up his mind. \"C'mon Cy…just go on back up to Em…\" Howard pressured. He reached out to touch the top of her hand. She drew back, \"Don't you be telling me what to do, Howard Bondurant,\" she snapped. Jack stopped carving, \"You alright, Lucy?\" he asked sweetly. She had the boys' attention. \"No. I'm not alright, Jack,\" she rounded on him, \"I know what that bastard did to me, I was there…\" Lucy started, \"But if you all run out there half cocked in the middle of the worst flood Franklin County's seen in years, you're going to get yourselves killed…\" she hissed, feeling a throbbing in her head starting up again. \"We ain't goin' no where yet…\" Howard tried to appease her. \"Maybe you aren't but you know your brother…you'd let him walk right out that door in all his stubborn Bondurant glory because you're not willing to say a damn thing,\" she accused. \"You all ain't immortal! Sorry to break it to you- but if anything happens to any of you, you ain't just going out in some blaze of glory, you're leaving your family behind…\" tears welled in her eyes. Her chest caused her pain and her head would not let her forget what happened. \"We ain't cowards,\" Forrest spoke slowly. \"But you're damn fool,\" Lucy hissed. \"Cy…\" Howard began sternly as she started spinning out of control. \"You're right,\" Lucy said. \"It was a mistake to come down here…\" she pushed herself up, shaking, \"Who knows…if I stay down here too long I may lose all my wits too…\" she marched back to the stairs. She'd forgotten her lamp on the table but she pressed on, feeling along the wall up the stairs back to her bedroom. Lucy closed the door behind her. She shuffled along until she found Emmy's cradle. She kneeled down next to her, checked her blanket and began to cry. It took her a long time to stop crying and reach the point to stand. Using the cradle and the wall as support she stood up: her head spun. She rested her forehead against the cool windowpane and regained balance. Opening her eyes, Lucy looked down into the lot. There, she saw a figure rooting around the Model A, lit by a gas lamp. Studying closer, she found it was Forrest. He seemed to pocket a thing or two; he turned out the lamp but he headed in the opposite direction of The County Line. The lightning had stopped. \"Oh no you don't,\" she muttered. Mustering up all her strength, Lucy made haste for the door. She slipped right passed Howard and Jack without a word, ignoring their words to her. She pushed the door open and walked into the rain. \"Forrest Bondurant!\" she yelled over the rain. She'd gotten half way into the drive, already soaked to the bone. He stopped just at the mouth of the lot. He turned around to look at her, \"Go back inside, Lu!\" he called back to her. Lucy took another step forward, \"Not until you come with me!\" she responded stubbornly, \"You ain't doing this to me! I will not pull your body from the ditch tomorrow, so help me!\" Forrest's hand twitched. He realized the stale mate created. \"He deserves death,\" he drawled. \"He'll be just as dead in a couple days as he would be now,\" Lucy reasoned, \"Come back inside, Forrest.\" Forrest looked at her. He really looked at her. Lucy could feel him. He was doing it all for her. It was stupid, but it was for her. \"He hurt you.\" \"He's not the first one,\" Lucy replied, \"But I'm alright, Forrest, you know I am…\" Forrest walked towards her. Lucy's heart was beating so fast she was sure he could see it. But he stopped a foot in front of her, \"I know.\" \"Come back inside with me, Forrest,\" she begged, both of them drenched through, rain dripping down their faces, their feet lost in the running mud. When Forrest grabbed her head with his hands and kissed her hard and true, Lucy forgot about every injury, about the husband that was just inside, about everything. She kissed him back, adrenaline pumping through her body. Every forbidden feeling poured out, let free into the rain. When they broke apart, Lucy felt like a new woman. She motioned her head towards the restaurant and turned around. Howard stood in the doorway, watching them with hurt eyes, a gas lamp held at his front. It was dark enough but there was no question as to what happened. \"Best get inside,\" Forrest led her forward, a gently hand on her back. Lucy's heart raced- each step brought her closer to the husband she had just betrayed. When they reached the covered porch, Howard had already disappeared. Opening the door she saw his large form and a full bottle of whiskey disappear up the stairs. \"Howard,\" she called after him. She slowly began to realize the pain her body was in, and the entirety of what she'd done. Jack averted his eyes to the ground. She looked at Forrest, lost again. He gave her no answer but she already knew what she had to do. She headed up the stairs, leaving a trail of water in her wake. When she reached their bedroom, the door was shut and locked. She knocked twice. \"Howard…\" she tried again. No answer. Emmy began to cry. She knocked again, \"Howard….open the door…\" she asked submissively, \"Let me take care of her…I….I'll leave you be…\" No answer. Just Emmy's cries.[Chapter 11] \"Come on now, Howard, open the door,\" Jack knocked gently. He spoke firmly to be heard over the crying child but nonetheless he received no answer. \"Look, we just want to take Emmy downstairs…\" he continued, knocking again. Jack stood awkwardly before the door, unsure of the next step to take. He hesitated and tried the handle again. Forrest was next to him the next time he raised his hand to knock, but Forrest stopped him. \"Go look after Lu,\" he told his brother, \"This is between me an' Howard,\" he drawled. Jack wanted to stay, to play mediator but he knew that this was not his place. Jack headed back to Forrest's room where Lucy was laying in bed. She'd been in a lot of pain and Forrest made her lie down (as his was the only other bed at the County Line). \"Thanks for tryin,\" Lucy told him, turned on her side on the low mattress. In addition to the pain her healing wounds gave her, she could not get rid of the knot in her stomach. She could've just torn apart the Bondurant family…. it made her sick. \"Yeah, course,\" Jack nodded. He yawned, rubbing the sleep from his eyes he took a seat in the chair near the bed, stretching out, laying his hands on his abdomen. \"You know it's gonna be okay…right?\" Jack tried his hand at comfort. \"I know,\" Lucy nodded. She didn't want to let Jack know the extent of her feelings- he had no part in the ugliness. Lucy jumped & Jack stood out of his chair when a loud bang echoed through the house. Forrest had forced open the bedroom door. Jack headed to the hall and Lucy gritted through the pain and stood. But in the bedroom, the boys exchanged no words. Howard was holding Emmy in one arm, and holding the half empty bottle of whiskey in the other. His eyes were red and he looked at Forrest. Just looked. A cigarette burned down in the ashtray behind him. Forrest stepped forward, painfully slow, and he reached out to take Emmy from Howard. It was as if the brothers were having their conversation in their minds. Howard didn't move. Finally, Howard let the rest of the room in on what they were saying, \"She ain't your daughter, Forrest,\" he croaked. Forrest nodded. \"But….uhm…she is cryin'…and she needs Lu…\" he tried again for the crying girl. \"She ain't your wife…\" Howard took another swig of whiskey. The room was at a standstill. \"Look, Howard,\" Jack stepped forward. But Howard shut him down, \"Stay out of this, Jack!\" he exclaimed loudly, wiping his mouth with his arm. \"Howard…please,\" Lucy stepped forward finally. She had to take responsibility for her actions. \"I'm sorry for-\" \"No,\" he snapped. He handed Emmy to Forrest (a moment later the girl stopped crying and began to fall asleep in Forrest's arms). He slowly shuffled over to Lucy, the bottle hanging at his side. His large form casted a shadow over her and she did her best not to cry. But he didn't say another word. After he stared her down for what felt like eternity, he just brushed passed her, down the stairs and out the door into the rain; only with the bottle for company. For the three left in the house, Howard's exit seemed to hang in the air for hours, but it was only seconds later that Forrest placed Emmy back down in her cradle. Forrest looked at Jack, who understood and proceeded to leave the room. Guilt was written all over their faces. Forrest placed his hand on the small of Lucy's back and ushered her over to the bed. When Lucy tensed up to protest Forrest spoke, \"You're never gon' heal if you don't lay down, Lu…\" he said. Lucy sighed. She gave in and climbed into the bed. She wasn't sure what time it was and everything had started to become a blur. Lucy held her hand out, reaching for Forrest's. He stood motionless, neither returning nor denying her affection. When Forrest left the room, Lucy felt sick with loneliness but she understood. Forrest had betrayed his brother and he felt as good about it as she felt about betraying her husband. Lucy let sleep take her.[Chapter 12] Over the next few weeks, Lucy hardly saw any of the boys. They had not sought revenge on Rakes yet. She was sure it was because Howard was hard to catch, and when they did he was too inebriated to start a war. She also wondered if it was her lost popularity with the brothers… Jack still smiled at her, and seemed to understand her plight but even the boy was conflicted. Then one morning, Lucy walked down the stairs to see a petite redhead, dressed smartly lounging on one of the bar stools, taking a drag. The woman noticed her and set down her cigarette in the ashtray. She stood, smoothed out her skirt and held out her hand, \"You must be Lucy,\" she greeted. Lucy approached her, Emmy situated on her hip- Lucy shook the woman's delicate hand, \"I am,\" she shook her hand. \"Maggie,\" the woman finished. She resumed her seat on the stool and her cigarette, \"Forrest just hired me to help with the restaurant,\" she explained, \"He told me you could show me the ropes.\" Lucy's heart sank. She didn't see the need for additional help at the restaurant. Between her and Hal and the occasional hand from Forrest or Jack, they were doing just fine. Why would they need this woman? \"Not much to learn,\" Lucy admitted, \"Ever worked a store or restaurant before?\" \"Not quite,\" the woman smiled kindly. Her smile slowly faltered, \"This might seem forward, seeing as how we just met and all, but what happened, if you don't mind me asking?\" Lucy didn't notice the healing wounds on her visible skin anymore. And neither did anyone who was in Franklin County for that matter- people knew. Lucy paused, readjusting her daughter as she found her answer, \"A bad day,\" she answered. The woman nodded, \"Sorry,\" she muttered, finishing off her cigarette. \"Where are you staying? The Vermont?\" Lucy asked about the only hotel in town. Maggie nodded, \"Well, I was. But when Forrest took me on- he said I could live here if I needed…til I got on my feet here…\" Lucy's stomach churned. There were no open rooms upstairs, \"Oh… yeah, he's a good guy, Forrest, once you get past the quiet,\" Lucy tried to make light. \"If you'll excuse me, I have to feed her,\" she acknowledged her daughter and returned up the stairs. It wasn't true. She'd just fed her daughter. But Lucy felt threatened, and betrayed. She told herself she was being silly- that Forrest was probably doing this for her, so she could spend more time with her daughter and get away from The County Line more, but she couldn't shake her bad feeling. She set Emmy down with a toy and began to pace. She didn't know how long she had been pacing, thinking when she caught sight of the Model A clunk up the drive and Jack and Forrest come into the County Line. It took another unknown amount of time for Lucy to gather her skirts and head back downstairs. When she reached the bottom step, she heard Forrest call her name, \"Lu.\" Instantly, she found him in his office and she went to him, \"Forrest,\" she nodded. Her mind searched for the right way to say: didn't think we needed help that didn't sound so defensive. But he beat her to it. \"Maggie told me she asked for your help,\" he drawled. \"Actually she told me that you said I'd help her,\" Lucy replied. Sighing, she continued, \"I mean…I'll help her…\" she shifted her weight, \"I was just…surprised…is all…\" Forrest nodded, but it didn't seem to be for an understanding of her, \"You be nice to this woman, Lu… she works here now…like family…\" he told her, like he was scolding a small child. \"She's not family,\" Lucy retorted. It was harsh, but it was how she felt. But Forrest didn't respond. He turned back to his desk and the paperwork upon it. Lucy suddenly felt the need to lash out, like a small child who didn't get their way, but she couldn't find the words to express how she felt. \"Could you watch Emmy for me?\" she asked suddenly. Forrest turned around to look at her, waiting for the reason why. \"I'm taking Jack…we're gonna bring Howard home.\"[Chapter 13] Two weeks. That felt like a year. Eventually, she and Jack had gotten Howard to come back home and sometime later he sobered up. Maggie was still flitting around and slowly but surely, the County Line felt less and less like home. Howard would barely speak to her and Forrest was rarely around. And Charley Rakes was still in town- attempting to put a lid on the moonshine business. She took some pleasure in her time with Jack but he was courting a little miss Bertha and she felt guilty for taking his time away from her. Jack deserved a nice girl. Emmy was at a point where the baby would babble nonsensically and Lucy's joy for her daughter's growth was cut short by Maggie attempting to compensate for whatever short-comings she saw in herself by acting thrilled for the child. Lucy enjoyed doing the laundry. She got to disappear into the back shed with her own thoughts, Emmy playing on a blanket beside her. The scalding water would warm her. She found a sliver of peace. With these thoughts in her head, she collected the dirty clothes from the bedrooms and headed down the stairs; Emmy on one hip, the bag of clothes in the other hand. Forrest approached her before she could reach the door. \"If you want your sweater, it ain't done. That thing has to be cleaned,\" Lucy stated. It would have been said in jest to the approaching Bondurant but the humor was flat. Forrest nodded. He was quieter than usual. When Lucy looked at him, she knew he wasn't there for a sweater, \"What is it?\" she asked strongly. Being close to him was hard. \"Uhm…Howard and I have decided…\" he started. Lucy didn't like where he was headed but she listened. \"That uhm… it's best you & Emmy move into my father's house…\" he told her. Lucy would rather have been slapped across the face. \"What? Jack and your uncle keep that property just fine… I can't put them out…\" she shook her head, setting the bag of clothes down to readjust her squirming daughter. \"Howard will be going with you…\" he told her, \"The County Line….uhm… it ain't been …uhm…good for you…\" he had avoided looking directly at her until this statement. \"It ain't the place…\" she snapped. \"Well….with Rakes still…\" Forrest mumbled but she rounded on him, \"Don't.\" her hand landed squarely on his cheek, a sharp SMACK echoed in hall. Forrest looked at her, every muscle still. \"Don't you dare talk to me about Charley Rakes,\" she hissed. \"I will never forget him…\" she showed the marks on her arm from the cigarettes. \"The monster… So don't you dare tell me that you're shipping me off to that house for my own protection when you and Howard didn't do a damn thing after what happened to me….\" It was out. She hadn't wanted either of them to get hurt and go off half-cocked to get some backwoods revenge on the man from Chicago- but it hurt that nothing had been done. They were the Bondurant boys… and they didn't even lift a finger. Lucy was shaking. \"….Jack will help you with your things…\" he drawled before he turned around, placed his hat back on his head and walked back for his office. \"Forrest Bondurant…\" she started. He turned his head back just enough to look at her. But his eyes changed everything she felt inside. Tears welled in her eyes and looking at him suddenly hurt . \"You're a liar…\" Forrest questioned with his eyes but remained stoic. Lucy continued, her voice no more than a whisper, her eyes glistening, \"This is goodbye,\" she picked the bag up and hurried from the County Line towards the back shed before she cried in front of him. She dropped the bag quickly to the ground and it spilled out onto the dirt floor. She placed own a warm, clean blanket for Emmy and set the child down as her insides began to eat her through. Leaning down as she sniffled through her tears she began to throw clothing into the basin of scalding water. But she came across something unexpected. One of Forrest's infamous sweaters was covered with blood, same with a pair of trousers. A crumbled up slip of paper fell from the pocket. She flattened the paper out to make it legible. There were three names scrawled across the paper. Lucy recognized two names as Rakes' officers. There was a thin line through both of them. The last name on the list was Charley Rakes. ","Summary":" \"Please go to sleep, please…\" \"Hush little baby don't you cry…mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"What Curiosity Killed","Author":"Lilly K","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10907739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What Curiosity Killed (A Legend 1985 AU fanfic) \"The true nature of innocence is not goodness, it is curiosity.\" Lili had not thought much about why she touched the unicorn. It simply seemed like the natural thing to do before she was told that it was a grave offense. She did not give much thought to exploring the treasures of an enemy's lair, or dancing with a gown of shadow. She opened her eyes feeling peaceful, but the tranquility quickly gave way to fear, tightening the sides of her lungs as she peered up at the towering demon before her. She shakily pushed herself to her feet, reluctant to betray any of the weakness she felt as she faced the crimson beast. \"Eat!\" he billowed, gesturing to a table set with food and wine \"I'm not hungry,\" she said, shaking, trying and failing to formulate a coherent plan. \"You lie,\" he laughed, \"Just to please me.\" \"I do nothing for your pleasure,\" she snapped. \"And furthermore, I am a princess. I will not sit. You will kneel.\" The words coming out of her mouth were natural. As natural as reaching out toward the unicorn. It would have surprised her to hear them, had she been watching herself, but though there was no conscious thought behind her words, it was gratifying to say them. Though her words were natural to the Princess, Darkness certainly had not expected them. \"What?\" His expression grew harsh for a moment, and then melted back into a putrid, syrupy grin. \"What... I mean to say is... Would it not be more comfortable, princess, to sit with me and talk?\" \"You defy me, and expect my cooperation?\" she shouted at the glistening ruby form that loomed over her, \"If you do not do as I say, you shall have no audience with me. Whatever you have to say can be said at my feet.\" Darkness gawked at her in wonder. Was this truly an innocent? One with a pure spirit? He had imagined such a girl as meek and naive. The true nature of innocence was unknown to him, who was corrupted from his nascence by his Ruined Master. He knew it was unknown to him, but he had imagined it many times as something that would give him great pleasure to obliterate/crush/destroy. He grunted, wrinkling his nose as if smelling something unpleasant, and bent to one knee, \"As you command... princess.\" The cloud of fear choking Princess Lili dissolved as the demon prostrated himself. She was emboldened by her small success, and looked down upon his twisted ebony horns more with measured caution than fright. She approached him, eyes traveling from his horns to his tiny coal-black eyes, sunken in deep pockets of skin, looking up at her with a longing expression she did not understand. As she had reached out to touch the unicorn, the jewels, the dress, she found herself reaching for the base of the creature's terrible horns. He closed his eyes, breathing out, and she wondered why he said nothing. She paused, touching his forehead, and then said quietly, \"You may speak.\" \"I offer your highness... a gift. My gift is of eternity. I offer you this rose, princess, my heart, my soul, my love.\" Lili removed her hand from the head of Darkness. She looked at him harshly, as an older sibling would look at a younger one who broke a rule. She saw so much that she did not understand in the red form before her. She heard so many foreign tones and novel inflections in his voice, and felt strange emotions surging from those tiny black eyes. Princess Lili did not quite understand all that she understood, but a part of her knew it like an unspoken language. The way he bent his neck to look up at her and dug the tips of his claws into his knee, she knew somehow that he had no power over her, and that she had every sort of power over him. Her hand returned, this time to his cheek, and her fingers traveled down to his chin, cupping it in her gentle grip. \"Release the unicorn, and I shall consider your proposal. Kill it, and I never shall.\" His loud, malicious laugh echoed through the caverns as he stood and stepped away from the princess. He could not entirely mask the nervous emptiness in his voice, \"You shall consider it soon enough, when night embraces the world and I am all that's left for your company.\" \"I would sooner consider the moss upon the walls,\" she scoffed. \"YOU WILL BE MINE!\" He billowed, abandoning his pretense, \"One way or another!\" She raised an eyebrow, moving swiftly, yet without faltering, \"But something tells me you'd much prefer my company alive ...\" she said, grasping a large goblet of wine from the table and stepping quickly nearer the fire, \"to that of a charred corpse . Do not believe for a moment that you could ever, ever set yourself upon me, force yourself over me, or harm me in any way without a certainty that your carefully planned out eternity WILL NOT go as planned!\" He raised his fists, and lowered them in frustration, crying out, \"Insufferable woman! The sunlight is my enemy! It must be...\" \"Then stay indoors during daylight. Cover yourself with an umbrella. For goodness sakes, wear a heavy cloak and a wide-brimmed hat, but don't kill a creature that's done nothing to harm you. It is the sun that offends you, not the unicorn. I order you to leave it in its peace.\" Darkness tightened his mouth in thought, and silence wound through the cracks in the room like a venomous snake. What was one unicorn's life, when compared to the beauty of an eternal night? Darkness had never seen the sun, for he knew that a single ray of its light would destroy him forever, but he had always loathed the thought of it for cutting off his reach. Curse it! … But, the touch of a young woman, the thought of her smiling in his arms as they sat upon his infernal throne... touching him ... the thought of it was too much to deny. Curse her! The little siren was tempting him... and it was working! \"I must... have a moment. Alone.\" He bowed. \"As you wish,\" she said, expressionlessly, running her hand along the side of the wine goblet. He turned quietly on his cloven hooves and vanished behind the mirror. He was gone. This opportunity was Lili's best chance of escaping Darkness. She could have run... but where would she have gone? Looking back, the princess thought that she might have stayed because she held onto some desperate belief that she could save the unicorn. In truth, she stayed because she could not stop herself from wondering how someone could step through a mirror. She peered cautiously around the glittering room, and crept closer to the mirror. She saw no trace of Darkness there, only her own reflection. She looked quite grown up, she thought, though she felt half naked in a gown with such a neckline. Her eyes only lingered upon her reflection for a moment before she held out the wine goblet toward the mirror. It passed through the glass in a shimmering shower of silver, just as Darkness had, and passed back out again whole and unharmed. Lili wondered what it might be like to step into the mirror, and as she wondered, so she moved through her own reflection into the realm of the Sire of Demons, the Ruined Master.[Chapter 2] Ch 2 It was darker still behind the mirror than in the caverns. There was no color, everything was black, and yet somehow Lili maintained a sense of the space around her. Behind the mirror, she was on a ledge, like the side of a cliff, overlooking an endless chasm. All the princess could see at first was the edge, but as she peered into the abyss, she saw that it was not empty, but a network of stairwells and walkways wove in every direction, leading down to somewhere. It was so quiet, Lili could hear herself breathe. She stepped farther in, cautiously lowering her foot onto the staircase, putting a small amount of weight on it, and gradually more, in case it should collapse under her weight. She heard a distant echo from below. She closed her eyes and ran down the stairs, doing her best to remain quiet. She was able to sense the space around her with her eyes closed as well as when they were open. Down and down into the deep she descended, unsure of what she would find. There seemed to be no life there. There were indentations in the walls where coffins might be kept, and empty sconces for lamps that weren't there. Farther down, she was able to hear the smooth pitches of Darkness's voice, though she could not discern what it said. She climbed slower now, in as much silence as she could manage. There was another voice. A soft hiss that lingered on the ear after it finished its sound. The set of stairs stopped at the end of a vast, wide bridge made from the skeleton of an enormous dragon. Lili thought she could hear the bones beneath her cracking with every step. She could hear the words Darkness spoke more clearly now, though not the words of the other voice. \"I will not! There is some way you are keeping from me!\" he shouted at the other voice. \"I cannot conceive that there is not some spell, an enchantment, something that will give her heart to me.\" \"Seduction, my foolish son, is the only spell that binds a heart. And you have failed because you could not control your brutish mind for even a momentary plot . There is no chance, no spell, or charm in all of my abyss that will remedy your stupidity. All that is left... is to destroy.\" Darkness breathed out deeply, staring at the ashen corpse of the Ruined Master, the Scorched Angel, lying in his sarcophagus of emeralds. The Master's only light left danced green on the surface of his eyes, just enough to see the gory details of his shriveled face and crippled, blackened wings. \"Father,\" said Darkness, crossing his right arm over his chest and bowing to the thing in the sarcophagus, \"I know what I must do.\" Darkness turned to leave the chamber so quickly that Lili scarcely had time to think. She jumped into one of the coffin holes to hide herself as he passed out of the Master's burial room and across the spine of the long-dead wyrm... but the coffin-hole Lili chose was not empty, as the others had been. A decrepit hand wrapped around her face, gripping her mouth shut as she tried to cry out. Something clinked and rattled behind her that held her in place. She struggled to free her nose from the top finger, and gasped for breath, pulling the dead hand down with both of hers, but the corpse's other hand gripped her tight. Darkness was out of sight now, and may not hear her even if she could get her mouth free to scream. The corpse turned her away from the opening and toward its casket with a firm yank. It was adorned with a crown of diamonds on its hairless head, strands of pearl around its neck, and gemstone rings on its withered fingers. Its dry, leathery mouth cracked as it opened, pulling the neck of the princess close, but she kicked against it to push away, pulling off its arm that clattered to the floor. She stumbled back, crawling on her hands away from the dead thing falling apart before her. It moved no more. ... Darkness emerged from the mirror with his face set. It was time to kill the unicorn, there could be no more waiting. Waiting would only give her a chance to trap him, to trick him into setting it free. \"And then,\" the cold voice behind the looking glass had said, \"Once she has what she wants, she will no more be beholden to you. Naive son! Did you think for a moment that she would truly consider a beast like you? She will abandon you to your miserable fate to be forever forsaken. Or, if she is merciful, she will lure you out into the sun and kill you!\" Darkness had never known sorrow before, but when he felt it now, for the first time, it was marbled with anger. Part of him wanted to despise her, to crush her innocence and let her die there in his domain, but another part would not let him do it. It was not love. He did not want to love, he wanted to win. The only thing he could do was to kill the unicorn, and let the princess decide then if she could forget. If she couldn't... he tried to put the thought out of his mind. His fangs burned with the thought of the unicorn's blood. He would keep her from forsaking him somehow.[Chapter 3] Lili emerged from the mirror, shaking, out of breath from running, and not in her right mind. She stumbled and collapsed into the eerie-looking chair at the end of the dining table. Darkness was not there. The power Lili felt before when he knelt at her feet was gone. He was unpredictable now. After hearing that voice, the part of her that sensed danger knew that Darkness wasn't pulling his own strings. Now she didn't know what awful things he was capable of. She knew she didn't have much time, but she was exhausted. Her mind was spinning, and she felt her whole body relaxing in the chair. It seemed warm, comfortable, inviting. She thought of the day when she had fallen asleep at Nell's cottage as a child. She felt a strange, pleasant, tingling sensation coming from the parts of the chair that touched her. She wanted to melt into it. In the doorway of the unicorn's prison, Darkness fell to his knees with a gasp. He could feel the sensations in his body of Lili sitting on the enchanted chair, just as if she was sitting there with him. It was too much. He stood again after a moment, leaning against the side of the chamber to hold himself up as the soft, wonderful magic flowed through his being. He could not keep the edges of his lips from curving into a satisfied smile. The Ruined Master was wrong. Darkness would win. He would have both—his dark queen, and his eternal night. … Lili didn't remember falling asleep, but when she opened her eyes, she was resting in the arms of Darkness, who looked down at her with a greedy sort of pride. Was the unicorn... dead? The world still felt whole—perhaps more whole than it ever had. The cloak of rest lay heavy upon Princess Lili's limbs. She did not want to move. For the first time since she was kidnapped, she did not feel defiant. Perhaps a world without light would not be so cold... No! It was a terrible thought, to feel so peaceful, to not care if harm had come to the unicorn. She looked up at Darkness, to his twisted face, and saw no compassion, nothing kind and thoughtful, only a fearsome smugness. His muscular body was a distorted, primal fusion of man and beast. Yet sitting in that chair, looking up as if in a dream, Lili knew that any person could have been like him. Had she been raised by the Devil, perhaps she would have been. Perhaps she would have been worse. He knew no comfort, and there was no escape for him from this dark fate his Master had assured. He was beyond hope now. She sat up in his lap, and kissed him. He tried to prolong her kiss, but she pulled away. \"I'm sorry,\" she said, \"I can't be a part of this. I can never be a part of your cruel world. I don't have the heart for it,\" her mouth quivered as she spoke, and her eyes glistened. \"I must go.\" Darkness's mouth hung ajar. He felt himself breaking. No words came. He did not try to hold her down. She got to her feet, bowed to him, and turned to go. As she stepped slowly and heavily across the cavern floor, she thought of a story in one of her books about a gentle maiden named Belle who was captured by a horrid looking beast. She had taught him to love... but it was only a story. Darkness held a hand out toward her, \"My lady, wait...\" She turned only her face toward him, which was now quite red around the eyes. \"I did not kill the unicorn. I was detained. It still lies in my prison.\" Why was he telling her this? Had she not caused him enough anguish? Had she not forsaken him then? But, would the sun's defeat matter to him, now that he had lost her? In his broken state, Darkness would decompose, eternally fragmenting in his eternal night, if he could not love her. \"You...\" she stopped, \"You did not?\" She turned toward him, shaking. \"But you would have.\" \"Yes,\" he said desperately. \"Yes I would. And I would have begged your forgiveness.\" \"And you will?\" \"No!\" He boomed, \"I would not think of it now. All of this has made me sick,\" He stood from the chair, stepping toward her, and wrapped her in his arms. \"Despise me if you must, princess, but I shall do what I can to attend to your desires. If one such desire is to see the unicorn freed, then you will.\" She stepped back, taking his hands, \"Show me.\" To hell with the Ruined Master and his wretched scheming. To hell with eternal night, Darkness thought as he walked with her, quickly and certainly, hand in hand into the unicorn's prison. He would set the unicorn free, and if he would not then be rid of his suffering, perhaps he would do as the Ruined Master had so darkly predicted and follow fair Princess Lili into the sun to die. There it was, the unicorn, bound in chains and helpless. He could still do it, a part of him told himself. He could still kill the creature before her eyes—make her pay for the pain that she made him feel. He could have. Instead, he chose not to bring any more pain into this miserable morning. He approached the creature with the intent to release it, as he had said. Before he could touch it, the forest-boy, Jack, jumped from a hidden ledge on the wall between Darkness and the she-unicorn. His blade was drawn, and he showed no hesitation, brandishing it toward the towering demon before him. \"Now!\" he shouted, and a small sparkling light bounded up, up, and out to give the signal. \"No! Stop!\" Lili shouted, approaching Jack. The boy took her in his arm and guarded her with his sword against the claws of Darkness. \"Don't worry, Lili, I still trust you. I've always trusted you. I have a plan. We can save the unicorn.\" He lunged toward Darkness, who parried Jack's blow with a growl, striking at him with the blunt heel of his hand to knock him over. \"Stop this, Jack! Listen to me!\" she tugged at the back of his scale-mail tunic, \"You mustn't fight him.\" \"Don't be scared, Lili,\" he said, dodging the blow, \"He's not unbeatable now. You'll see.\" \"It's not that, Jack, it's-\" Lili began, but Darkness was quicker this time, and hit Jack hard across the brow, sending him to the floor with a groan. Lili rushed to Jack's side, and as she did, the prison chamber flooded with reflected sunlight. Darkness shielded his eyes, and held his hand out in front of him, \"What is this strange magic? I do not feel the effects of any spell...\" \"... sunlight,\" Princess Lili whispered. \"Darkness, this is sunlight!\" \"This? …\" He looked about him, waving his hands through it like a fool. He laughed a loud, echoing laugh that filled the whole cavern as it turned into the most savage roar that Jack and Lili had ever heard. \"He... deceived me! … how could I have been so blind!\" Darkness stormed out of the prison chamber toward the mirror. Lili pulled Jack up onto her knee. He was bruised, but he was breathing. \"Oh, Jack, Jack!\" Lili found herself crying now, after everything. He opened an eye, sitting up as he clutched his head. \"Quickly, Princess Lili, we must pick the lock before we run out of time. Hand me that knife mounted there on the wall.\" Gump sprung down from one of the rafters, \"Are you alright, Jack? You look like you're turning purple on that spot. Do humans usually turn purple after a heroic rescue?\" Jack laughed at the comment as Lily pried the sacrificial dagger from the wall hanging. \"I don't know how to pick locks,\" she said, holding the handle side of the dagger out to Jack. \"I'll do it, dearie,\" Gump chirped, snatching it nimbly from her hands, \"You attend to him.\" \"I am very glad you're alright, Jack,\" she said, grasping his hand. In the distance, she heard a great crash and a clatter, like smashing glass. He leaned toward her to kiss her, but she turned her face away. Patting his shoulder, she said, \"I'm sorry. I can't. Not yet. I mean... no. I'm sorry, Jack. I don't feel that way. About us. About you. I'm just happy that you're safe. His eyes glittered, \"Really?\" \"Really. I wouldn't lie about it. That's just cruel,\" she said, brushing his hair aside from his bruise, \"I don't think about you like that. I thought I would marry you because you are my best friend, and I didn't want to be traded like a commodity to some foreign prince... but now I see that there's more to it than that. I don't think about you … that way. Not really. But never mind that, are you sure you're alright? That was a nasty knock.\" The lock clicked open, and Gump tossed aside the dagger, unchaining the unicorn. \"We must leave! Now!\"[Chapter 4] ******Author's Note: I was really hoping to have this finished by now. This is meant to be a short fic, but more and more has come to me as I have been writing it. There will be at least and most probably only one other chapter after this.** * Jack nodded, and Lili helped him to his feet. \"Lili,\" Gump called to her, \"Lead the unicorn, it will follow a maiden who is pure of heart.\" he helped support Jack from the other side, and Lili came toward the unicorn. It recoiled from her, rearing up on its hind legs and turning away toward the far wall, away from the door. \"She is ruined!\" Gump scolded, \"She's not pure! Look at it, it hides its face from her!\" Jack gazed at the unicorn, and glanced helplessly at Lili, who looked flustered. \"She's corrupted! She's corrupted!\" the elf cried, as he was joined by the other fair folk of the forest. Oona uttered a small cry, bolting toward the human girl in a sparkling magic blast. \"You beastly creature!\" she squeaked at the princess, shooting golden sparks out of her hair,\"You don't deserve his heart!\" She gritted her teeth, gripping the stiff black collar of Lili's dress tight around her neck, \"I should kill you now...\" \"No!\" Jack staggered from Gump's shoulder to Lili's defense. \"She's... my best friend,\" he smiled at Lili, \"And even if things don't turn out just as we think they should, it doesn't mean it's all over. How many girls go on being innocent their whole lives? You can't expect Lili to be perfect, and I certainly won't let you kill her for this. I mean it.\" \"Jack,\" Oona gasped, letting Lili go, \"You stubborn fool. Are you so blind?\" Jack took Lili's hand. \"Well if you're so innocent, then, Oona, you lead the unicorn out.\" Oona looked taken aback, \"Me?\" the thought had never occurred to her that she might be judged by the same standards as a mortal girl. \"No, the other you,\" Jack laughed. Lili smiled a little. For all that she had said to Jack, she knew he cared about her. She cared about him too, deeply, but there was something missing: an unbridled compulsion, a magnetism that somehow, before, she never realized he lacked. Oona looked around, as if hoping that some other Oona would appear out of thin air and take up Jack's challenge, then folded her arms, \"Do you know how ridiculous you sound?\" she sputtered. \"Me?\" \"So you're not pure then,\" said Jack, nodding. \"And I'll be the first to stand here and say that I don't think any one of us is. The fact that Lili was pure yesterday was exceptional, not something expected of her.\" \"Then what do we do?\" Gump hissed, looking every bit as put off as Oona, though not showering angry golden sparks at them all. \"The mare does not know her way out of the tunnels, and she isn't safe here. There are still goblins and evil spirits about who would do her harm.\" Lili thought for a moment, \"We could scare her out. She would be frightened, but for the unicorn's own good, it could be the only chance we have. Each one of us could take a corridor, running one ahead of the other, until she's ran to safety.\" Gump looked away, folding his cheeks in his jaw. It was a good idea. He didn't want to admit how good of an idea it was. \"It doesn't feel right. It's a dirty thing, to scare a gentle unicorn.\" \"Better than leaving her to die,\" said Lili, turning to the mare, \"Unless you have a spare innocent hidden under that loincloth of yours.\" \"We risk our immortal souls!\" he squeaked desperately. \"Oh, bullocks!\" she threw up her hands, \"If doing what we have to do to save a unicorn's life really could lose us our immortal souls, then just how good of a thing is it really to keep one? If you go on forever knowing you had to be too highly scrupulous to help someone when you could have helped them? It's not fair, it's a fate designed so that something bad could happen no matter what you decide to do. But it doesn't matter, because the only kind thing is to help the mare, and that's what we should care about most. The idea that unicorns are so sacred that they can't even be touched is rubbish. Who came up with it, anyway?\" Gump didn't know. Honestly, it was just a legend, passed down through all the people of the woods until they had believed it for no other reason than that they had heard it said. Oona looked back and forth from Lili to Gump... \"I'll take the first corridor, then?\" Jack nodded with a great big grin, \"And I'll take the second, and you, Gump, take the third, and Lili, the fourth. Rest of you, follow suit. Let's hurry!\" Lili remembered leading the unicorn to safety. She remembered scrambling through the tunnels after it, hearing its frightened braying and thundering hooves against the stone. She remembered how it bounded over the marsh, away from the sinister tree, and into the distance. Safe. She felt herself lying on the soft grass. Nothing would be the same now, but, she thought, things weren't supposed to stay the same way always, were they? She opened her eyes, and saw Jack there, sitting near her by the side of the river. He gave her a sideways smile, looking out over the water, \"You're awake.\" She nodded, stretching her arms forward to shake off the sleep in her limbs. \"Would you like it if I... walked you home?\" He asked. She nodded, eyes far away. \"Thank you. I think some time at home will help me feel better.\" She hugged him, \"Oh, Jack, you were wonderful. I couldn't have asked for a better defender. It seems so distant now, like a legend, or something out of a dream.\" \"Maybe it was,\" he said with a serious face, \"But that doesn't mean that it is any less to us.\" She took his hand, and together, they returned to the castle. The palace was quite happy to see her return, though it seemed that the two days they had spent on their adventure did not pass in the kingdom, and it was evening of the same day she roamed into the woods. \"Promise you'll visit me now,\" said Jack. \"Of course!\" Lili laughed, \"And you may visit me here as well, whenever you like. Though I shan't say it's as exciting as the forest.\" \"I will, then,\" he said, bowing. He had never bowed to her before. She was used to being treated like this, but not by Jack. It was uncomfortably distancing, though perhaps he had just tried to appear respectful in front of the people of the palace. \"Goodbye,\" he said. (**The story is not finished. There is more to come soon.)[Chapter 5] MINI CHAPTER (This is not the end either. This was a whim) In the torchlit caverns beneath the gnarled sacrificial tree, Darkness sat, eyes closed, on the same chair where he had felt the triumph of holding Lili in his now empty arms. He could have explored the world of light that day, but for Darkness it was a day of loss. She was out there somewhere, happy because of what he chose not to have done. She had chosen the boy, he thought. Of course she had. At least if things could not be as they should for him, they would be for her—but today was a day of loss. The shards of his father's shattered looking glass strewn across the floor sparkled with their piercing testimony to that. Why had she kissed him? She had not meant to be cruel. Why had she given him so much false hope? Darkness did not know how long he sat alone in sorrow, for in that place of evil magic all days lost in despair were one. He sat alone until an annoying fluttering light before his eyes refused to be swatted away. \"Darkness, Darkness, dreaded lord under the tree,\" said the tiny voice, \"I have known pain like yours. I have known lost love, and self-loathing. But look at me—I can still gleam through my tears. We mustn't let it all crush us. We mustn't let it bend our bones and slash at our skins. There is still hope.\" \"What do you know of hope, Oona, fairy of the forest? All hope leads to loss. Leave me,\" he sighed. There was nothing commanding in his voice. It was soft and defeated. \"I know a hope that we can share, you and I, though it is small,\" She changed from the golden orb into her young, beautiful form. \"And that is Lili will not marry Jack, at least not now. He told me everything. He told me how she sees him, lacking things... things I think you have caused her to desire. Is this not so?\" He lifted his head, \"Could it be?\" She nodded, \"Then it is! And so there's still a chance I could have Jack! But if we leave it up to chance, they could change heart and be in love again. What can we do?\" Darkness pulled the alicorn from his belt, letting the hope touch his chest, letting the possible lead him out of inaction and onto its last, desperate course. His face was wrinkled with the emotions of a lifetime that wore him down as they burst out in a day, \"Through dreams,\" he said, raising the horn, \"I influence mankind.\"[Chapter 6] (No, this isn't the last one. There's more. I just thought this was a good cut off point to post.) Lili slept in a turbulent cycle of waking and dreams that night. At first, her mind was sore, and she could not remember the dreams. They were short bursts of thought that made her feel weak and worn. A black horn, a ruddy hand, a sweat-soaked thigh, feeling pressure on the back of her legs, and a surge of pleasant energy. Her sheets were clumped together, clamped between her knees. In the dark of the night, she wobbled from her bed to the case of books. She pulled \"Beauty and the Beast\" from the crowded shelf, and held it tightly to her chest, pushing herself into it, returning to bed with the book clutched in her arms. In the morning she remembered nothing, but the book reminded her of some other story she had heard long ago, and she tried to piece it together. So the nights continued, on and on, until the book was so worn that it started to fall apart. A year passed. Jack visited less, and Lili almost never went into the woods. Her duties as a princess were becoming harder and harder to escape from. Her parents had betrothed her to the lesser prince of the kingdom's most valuable trade partner. She no longer felt like protesting it—her royal duties were inevitable, and it wasn't exactly true to say that she did not want to marry. She had thoughts every night, filled with longing to be with a man. The prince was handsome in an expensive sort of way, as these princes often are, and he was a little older—twenty to her eighteen, and already a decorated member of his kingdom's navy. He had a prominent chin, but a soft face, and boyish freckles. Lili had met him on only two occasions, and thought of him more as an ornament than a person. Could that be how she looked to other people when visiting foreign courts? She was not angry at her parents for bargaining her away. She was not angry at her groom-to-be, who seemed more eager to to leave on his next voyage than to converse with her parents, but she was not resigned either. She just let the days pass, doing nothing extraordinary, until before she knew it, her mother had asked if she had wished to invite Jack to her wedding feast. It felt like a very important question. It felt like something Lili had been avoiding. \"I wish to invite him myself,\" said the princess, turning to her handmaiden, \"Prepare my traveling attire.\" Her mother chuckled, \"I confess, I was alarmed when you first introduced that spirited lad to the palace. I thought you may have had your mind set on marrying him!\" Princess Lili smiled, \"Do not take what I say too seriously, dear mother, but he was quite fond of me when we were children. There was a time when I would have wished for us to be married, though of course that time is long past. I simply wish to give him the message myself, as a true friend should. He brightened my girlhood years with his company, and we have not visited in months. The queen nodded, \"Tell him how happy you are, tell him all the good things about Prince Westerguard, and he is sure to come and celebrate those things with you. Does he still feel toward you the way he once did?\" \"I confess, I do not know,\" Lili said, looking away from her, \"I suppose he may have put those thoughts away to respect me. The way he behaves has certainly changed like that.\" \"Then he is wise, and kind,\" said the queen, \"I would count him as a savage no more, should he walk among the courtiers, but as one who has done what is right toward my daughter. I'm sure your father would agree.\" Lili tried to smile back at her mother. Jack was always a boy of the wilds, but he was never a savage. Compared to the courtiers, he was not savage at all. He was brilliant, a creative genius, and they shared the gifts of their imagination together. She remembered pretending all sorts of strange things in his company—talking to finches and deer, sneaking up to peer at unicorns through the bushes, being chased by goblins through a snowstorm, and even a daring rescue from a curse that threatened to cover the world in darkness forever. How funny they were, the ideas children had, and how she wished she could have ideas like them again sometimes. The prince didn't seem to care for such things. All he talked about was battle and strategy. Though perhaps she was being unfair—all she had talked about with him was her kingdom's finances. They really had spoken only sovereign to sovereign, kingdom to kingdom, and didn't know each other at all. Maybe that was why he did not seem special. After donning her traveling cloak, Lili longed too much for some last small bit of adventure before surrendering herself to the rest of her future life. She asked her guard to remain outside her chamber and wait for her, and slid down through the window as she hadn't done in a long time. She wound across the soft growing plants on the trail past Nell's cottage, whose invitation it would be alright to let her attendants take care of. She hadn't planned to stop there, but her feet slowed and her cloak hung heavy to the fallen leaves as she smelled sweet baking things. She thought of the day when she had fallen asleep at Nell's cottage as a child... There was another memory, too. One that wasn't clear before, but she now saw it in her mind as clear as the oaks and pines along the path. She was slumped in a frightful looking chair, sighing quietly in exhaustion, feeling pleasing things in that terrible place, thinking of that day at Nell's when she slept next to the fire after a bowl of sweet, sticky porridge. It was like a rush, like a wave that hit the princess squarely in the face. There were memories that this forest had kept to itself. Memories that she was not able to take with her when she left it. She continued deeper into the woods, no longer looking for Jack.[Chapter 7] The dreams returned to her. She remembered the lapses of moments between clutching Beauty and the Beast in her bed, and her quivering body held by the Lord of Darkness, asking him to please her, abandoning herself to his touch, and holding herself close to him. She remembered his pointed fangs hovering fondly over her neck as he breathed passionate warmth into her and she anticipated his kiss. This is what Jack had lacked. This is what she never felt between the forest boy and herself. This is the way she never felt about anyone, except Darkness. Not love—she had felt love for many friends—but the purest, most fondly unifying form of lust. She didn't understand it without the memories. Before, it seemed these feelings bore no explanation, and she had not associated them with anything or anyone. As she had reached out to touch the unicorn, the jewels, the dress, this too felt absolutely right. … Lili followed the little bobbing sparkle in the corners of her eyes. It led her to the great tree, where the bog glorbled and sputtered with putrid green murk. Over the branches of fallen trees, and across the rocks, and down, down, down... she followed the light into that foul cavern where in newly colored memories she felt herself waking with a cold tremble of fright. Darkness sat with downcast eyes, stroking the alicorn. He did not see the princess as she entered the ancient passage. He did not expect her. The light made a small noise, as quiet as the pop of a soap bubble, and vanished into the fireplace. It was just loud enough to cause the forlorn demon to shift his dreary gaze in the direction of the sound. At first he thought the sight of Princess Lili was some cruel trick of his mind. He peered at her in the dancing firelight, but she did not vanish. \"Have you come, gentle vision, on behalf of the unicorn?\" He asked quietly. She stepped closer, looking now at the horn in his hands. It was real. It was all real. It had always been real. \"I had thought at first that the fair princess might remember the suffering of that pure creature, if not my own, and return to me one last time to ask for the stallion's horn. Answer me, now. Are you a torment of my guilt, or have you another errand here?\" \"I am neither a torment nor a vision from the unicorns, my lord,\" she stood in the doorway, half-sheathed in shadow, \"But your lady, here of my own will, to seek what I once left here in these halls.\" The shards of the Ruined Master's broken mirror still shone against the dirty ground. They had never been picked up. \"The princess comes, as lovely after one year as she is ever,\" he held out his hand to her, and she came to him, kneeling, pressing her face into his knees, hugging his calves with her thin, pale arms. \"I am sorry to have hurt you, lord. I should have realized then that what I felt was all for you. I meant you no torment.\" He placed his hands under her arms, and lifted her up onto his lap, stroking her hair with his sleek black claws. There was no past. The pain was smoke, not flame somewhere far away. The year had been so empty, perhaps it had never even happened. \"I was foolish to abandon you,\" she said, attempting to remain dignified and not to cry, \"I came because the dreams I now remember feel more true than all the days I've spent this year awake. Were they my own conception, or from you?\" \"Ours,\" he said, nuzzling the top of her head as she leaned it on his shoulder, letting her mouth hang open, breathing her short, hot breaths against his skin. \"It was through the magic of the alicorn that I crafted them, using thoughts already germinated... deep within your mind.\" There was so much to ask... so much to say... yet she did not find herself saying anything. She only found herself giving in to the passion she so longed to savor with the Lord of Darkness. … Every part of Lili felt calm and happy, like some warming winter wine flowed through her veins instead of blood. She and Darkness, Princess and Lord, were lying across the chair together, united. She saw the same triumphant look he had worn when she awoke in his arms a year ago, but she felt like she understood it better now, and felt much the same. She was proud too, and she was amorous, and she had exactly what she wanted, just like he did. Darkness extended the unicorn's horn toward the table like a wand, summoning the wine goblet to his hand. He offered Lili a sip, which she took without thinking. It was a sort of salty, metallic tasting liquid, but it was rich and pleasant. Everything was pleasant. He drank it as she looked down at the horn. \"What did happen to the unicorn?\" Princess Lili asked as Darkness stroked her. She held out her hand to take the alicorn, and he handed it to her. \"The power in this horn has greatly dimmed,\" Darkness sighed, \"I dreaded its wane, since it would no longer compose the dreams we loved so well. My final chance to reach you in a dream faded away not two weeks ago. This diminishing can only mean that the unicorn has lost all magic now. It lives on, merely as a white horse; a fate that can never be undone. The horn will still retain a paltry charge—a mere shadow of its former power.\" Lili kissed Darkness on the forehead, on the nose, and on the chin. He placed the goblet down and held her back with one hand and lower down with the other hand, playing with his lips on hers. \"Merely a horse...\" Lili whispered, an inch from his face, \"And if it weren't for you, and the choice you made to use the horn for my sake, perhaps I'd be merely a horse instead.\" Darkness gave her a puzzled look. \"Going about a life without magic, I mean. Never knowing what I might have missed without you.\" He laughed, \"My long, miserable life, dearest Lili, could hardly have been called enchanting until the day we met. It is delightful and disarming that you would think me so selfless as to do all of this for you... no. I have done this for myself; yet it seems what I have done for myself is something that you would also have me do for you.\" \"Why leave your wish up to these dreams, my lord?\" Lili asked, \"Why not visit me at my castle yourself and speak with me?\" \"... Because,\" whispered the demon, holding the princess like a precious treasure, \"I could not have borne the rejection I thought inevitable.\" She held him tightly. She pressed the side of her face into his neck, and he sighed happily, resting his chin on the top of her head. \"And my cruel world, you said you'd never be a part of...\" \"The whole world is cruel. I've learned that now. It's not made for innocents. No matter what, there will be choices—difficult choices that have some negative outcome no matter what you decide to do. You can't go through life without losing something, so you have to be very careful when picking and choosing what to lose. My judgment of you was premature. I shuddered to think of how spoiled, greedy, and corrupt I knew I would be, had I been raised as you were raised.\" \"My father,\" Darkness spoke as his muscles tensed, \"Was a seething, bitter master. He let the difficulties of the cosmos ruin him, and he was spurned by the sun and his fellow angels. His wish was only for ruin, and it ruined only him. My mother Lilith, matriarch of the demons, was an elegant and proud creature. At the zenith of her beauty, she had a face quite like yours. My gifts to you were her treasures once.\" Lili thought of the corpse robed in jewels behind the mirror, the one that had grabbed her and pulled her into its coffin. She thought it had been trying to attack her. Perhaps it had been trying to warn her instead. \"My father's ruin decayed all in his once noble realm, including my mother,\" Darkness continued, \"And there is not much left of either of them now.\" He looked at the shards of the mirror on the floor. Lili consoled him with a firm squeeze around the chest. \"But this is all too tiresome. Talk to me,\" Darkness asked the princess, \"about innocence. What is it like?\" \"Innocence,\" Lili said to him thoughtfully, \"is not having to be afraid of something new, because you have never been scarred. It's always wishing for adventures to happen, and letting them. It's taking a leap without thinking that anything bad will happen. It's letting the wonder inside of you run wild and free, and enjoying what's in front of you without having to worry about things that hurt you. It doesn't mean you've never, ever made the wrong decision. It doesn't even mean you're a good person. It just means that you don't have to think in terms of choices, because everything you do feels right.\" \"An unchecked curiosity,\" he mouthed, \"Can be both a blessing and a curse, princess.\" \"Yes,\" she said plainly. \"In order to keep innocence through certain choices in life, something else must be lost. Pragmatism, safety, desire, or something else. It's not some paragon of virtues like everyone says. Sometimes it is simply foolishness.\" Darkness laughed at how serious she looked when she spoke about it, like she was scolding someone. The regal authority of Lili was showing. Her face softened into a smile as she felt his chest move with laughter and saw his lips brim with delight. They were together now, and they were the happy rulers of a new and more just era in the underground kingdom for many years—quite a few more than mortals are apt to live. They went adventuring often and very seldom kept in commune with the kingdoms of men, except for a few visits to old Nell and her descendents now and then. For generations, flush red lilies grew beside the cottage where the missing princess once fell asleep. From time to time, Lord Darkness and Lady Lili found innocence very useful. Curiosity killed every gloom that ever crept its ugly form through the pieces of the mirror. Their adventures are another story, perhaps one that is lost to legend. Stay tuned for the epilogue (Main story is done, but there is something still unresolved that we will address. Warning: there may be some disappointment ahead.)[Chapter 8] I plan to post some author's notes sometime in the future. It is possible that I will write more stories in the same AU at some point, but I have nothing planned at present. Thank you for taking the time to R&R.; In the bright canopy of the enchanted forest, Oona peered at Jack through the leaves of a forsythia bush. He was muttering to himself in front of a pile of his things, stepping back and forth as if uneasy. \"Three cabbages, eleven carrots... three of my favorite rocks... It's okay Oona, I see you, you can come out.\" The little light floated toward him, landing on his shoulder, looking down at his things, \"Those are some fine looking trinkets... thinking of making a stew?\" \"Not exactly,\" said Jack, grinning, though his eyes were empty of the smile. \"But I don't think you came to ask me for stew.\" The tiny bobbing creature could hardly contain herself, and burst forth in a shower of light into her larger form. \"Dearest Jack,\" she giggled, \"It's alright to kiss me now! You won't be unfaithful if you do.\" She wrapped an arm around his waist, but he held her at arm's Length. \"What have you done to Lili?\" he asked sternly. Oona rolled her eyes, \"Well it's not my fault... she's gone and fallen in love with someone else! Can you imagine!\" she wiggled her pointed feet in the air, unable to control her expression of glee. \"Oh yes, I heard,\" said Jack in a dull voice, picking up one of the cabbages, then setting it down in the same place, \"She is to be married to a prince.\" \"Well,\" Oona said thoughtfully, \"that's not exactly it, but who cares? You're free of her, Jack. Free to love me!\" the little fairy closed her eyes, puckering her lips for the now-grown forest-boy. \"No, Oona,\" he said, patting her shoulder, \"Come on. Snap out of it. You've been a great help to me, to all of us... but you and I both know that Lili is not my only reason not to kiss you.\" He bent down and looked her right in the eyes, as her lips started to quiver, and her eyes filled with tears. \"I know you said that with a fairy's love, anything is possible,\" said Jack, \"but I can't show you that same kind of impossible love that you have for me. I might speak like a romantic, but those are just sayings I learned from the owls and the swallows. My heart is still the heart of a child. Staying here has kept me from growing up. I haven't learned as other boys have learned, and you have lived for many years, and will live for many more than I do.\" He paused, handing her a cabbage leaf to wipe her tears. \"I have thought about it now... for a long time,\" said Jack, \"and realized that I must leave this forest and seek my fortune among men. There are things in that world that I have to learn, things I would never learn if I stayed here with you. I wish you and the others every happiness.\" he took her hand. She could not help but drop the cabbage leaf as she let her tears fall. \"But Jack,\" Oona choked out through her sobs, \"I thought... I was certain... that now we could be together. That nothing more would stop us...\" He looked off into the distance, \"I have a strong fondness for this place. I will miss you, and I will miss it here. But I must go.\" \"Can't you see how cruel you are, Jack?!\" She cried, \"I will never be able to forget you! \" \"Then don't forget me. I won't forget you either,\" he gathered his things into a canvas wrap and tied it together with a vine, slinging it over his shoulder. \"There's a bigger world out there than this place could even dream about. I'm not sure how it is for faeries, but boys aren't meant to be boys forever. I'll be a man someday. You would not keep a caterpillar from becoming a butterfly, would you?\" She shook her head. \"Good... here,\" he handed her one of his rocks, \"It's my favorite one. And don't be sad, now. Part of me will always be here.\" He hugged the fairy gently, and started down the path out of the woods.[Chapter 9] A Short Note To Readers: I have decided to at least try working on another story in this AU. The working title is \"A Foal's Fondest Wish\". I realize this is not a real content update, and for that I am sorry. The story does not exist yet. Please accept this cute thing as an apology: o~(^-^)~o ","Summary":" What Curiosity Killed (A Legend 1985 AU fanfic) \"The true nature of innocence is not goodness, it "},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Get A Life","Author":"kenyizsu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7289266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so I just LOVE Rory Nubbins (the Australian penguin) so I decided to write a fic about him. I don't know if I ever continue it, but it's good for a oneshot too. I do not own Rory and Mike, they belong to Sony Picutres Animation Get a life 10 years ago… \" Tragedy clouded the history of the Nubbins family today. The rich family seems to be cursed as two years ago Amelia Nubbins, James Nubbins' wife deceased, and now their son went missing. Early in the morning Rory Nubbins (age 9) disappeared on a trip, from his father's side. The police found clues that led them to a river inhabited by crocodiles. The searching for the missing body is still going, but it seems the child was attacked by crocodiles. James Nubbins is consumed by bereavement and locked himself away in his villa…\" Aussie Times Now… Bright orange beak impacted into the water with lightning speed and closed around one unfortunate fish. The little sea animal tried its best to break free but soon it found itself thrown onto a rock, dragged out of its world, the blue sea. Without water it started suffocating but soon an unknown power lifted it and threw it again to the ground, finally ending its suffering. Rory poked the dead fish to make sure it really died then threw it into the net that by now was almost full with other preys. The rockhopper penguin thanked the gods fish were this stupid. Even though he just caused panic among them, waiting a few minutes and going away from the spot he's just caught the prey would do the trick. Soon the silver fish returned to the shallow sea. All he had to do was lying on a cliff, waiting for the right moment, measuring the right distance… then pounce! He had learned this trick from a crocodile and a kingfisher. It's amazing what tricks one can learn just from paying a little bit more attention to the wild life! After repeating this method for five more times he decided the net was full and ready to be carried to the market. His costumers were impatient. Okay, not his costumers but Berta's, who was selling his fish and sharing the money with him. Rory was said to be the best fisher on the southern part of Bells Beach. He never used rods or nets just his beak and patience and he was more effective than others. He huffed with contentment, and looked into the water. He was 19 years old and was living alone for 5 years now. His friends said he was very brave for doing this. Black and white dots ran along his side and neck, imitating the traditional Australian patterns used for… well, nearly everything. His face was hidden behind his extremely bright yellow crest. Rory slowly brushed some yellow feathers aside. His eyes… he hated those eyes. They were cold and rigid and totally didn't match with his personality. The irises were light grey, almost white and they made his stare scary and threatening. This was the main reason he hid them behind his crest. Rory threw the net over his shoulder and begun his journey back to the village. He was happy with his life. He had enough money even though he wasn't rich, not anymo—eh! What was he thinking? Anyway, he had his own little hut he shared with a good friend, everyday he brought fresh fish to the market where Berta sold them in her store. He had tons of free time when he could practice the greatest sport ever: surfing. He had great friends who supported him 5 years ago and up till now and more importantly: he finally had a life. A life worthy to be called awesome. Whoops, the nest of a taipan, one of the most poisonous snakes of Australia. Rory would rather take a by pass road than being bitten by that reptile. After all a few more minutes was worth his life. He arrived at the village and rushed to the marketplace to finally get rid of the heavy net. Berta was already arranging her stuff on the counter. She was a rockhopper too, in her mid-thirties. - Hi, Rory! – she smiled at him as he walked up to her. - Hey, Berta, how's it going? – Rory put the net down to the floor. – I brought the usual. - Costumers drove me crazy – she waved her wing. – All of them want your fish and they get very impatient, you know. Especially the Old Guy. The Old Guy, James Nubbins was living not far from the village and every weekend he would come to the market with his adopted daughter or send a menial for the fish. Rory nodded. - You know I always try to hurry. - Yes, that's why I'm not shouting at you – Berta laughed then the two started unpacking the net. Rory didn't have to worry about being caught. Those who knew him promised him they won't say a word and three other penguins with the Rory name lived in the village, so… all he needed to do was avoiding being spotted by him. After arranging everything he went to his hut, grabbed his surf board, kicked his roommate and best friend, Eric out of the bed and the two of them ran down the beach where the awesome waves were waiting for them. Rory had been practicing surfing for over 12 years, though at first he rarely had time for it. But with his new life finally on tracks he had more than enough time to do it. And he was pretty good at it too. He had some tricks that made his friends drop their jaw and he rarely wiped out. They said he was equal to Big Z himself but he never believed it. Where was he from that level? Miles away. - Don't make me laugh – he smiled and waved when they told him this. – I'm doing this for fun, that' all. Rory was about to jump into the water when he spotted out a huge, dark hill in the sea next to the shore. Dark hill? Oh wait, that was a whale… A whale? On the top of the giant mammal a bunch of penguins were sitting and looking around. A little wader flew down and landed on the sand, watching the surfers with careful eyes. Rory walked up to him. - Welcome to Bells Beach, mate! – he greeted the wader cheerfully. - Mike Abromowitz, talent scout, Big Z Memorial Surf Off, Pen Gu Island – the wader gabbled back with total boredom on his face. HOLY CRAP , Rory could hardly stop himself from bouncing at the little bird. - Big Z Memorial Surf Off? – he shouted excitedly. That was the biggest surf contest ever! - Yeah – Mikey nodded then finally looked at him. – You're a surfer, I guess… - Yes – Rory nodded rapidly. – Should I show my— - Yes, please, let's get this over with – Mikey interrupted him. – Your name? - Rory. -… Surname? – Mikey snapped after a second. - Don't have one – Rory shrugged. The wader looked at him as if he went mad. - Ahhhhha – he finally said. – Whatever. Just show me your stuff! - Just… wait for a second! – Rory said and quickly bolted back to the village. He was running aimlessly on the narrow streets when he almost bumped into the one he was looking for: Kate. The old rockhopper was his foster-mother for five years. She was very fit for her old age, always cheerful and happy. - Rory, my dear! – she looked at him surprised. – Watch your step more carefully! - Sorry, Kate, I'm looking for you – Rory panted. – You gotta come see me surfing! I might just get to the Big Z Memorial! - Really? – the old penguin's eyes lit up. – That would be great! - Thanks! – Rory hugged her and they hurried back to the beach. This surf contest would be fun! After all, everything connected with surfing is fun… okay, maybe not the wipeout. Besides, it would do him some good to see other places and make new friends. As for the trophy… with a little luck he even could win that too! If not… who cares? He'll definitely have a great time. A part of him said he really shouldn't show up in public, especially where everyone can see him on TV… but he dismissed the thought. Who could possibly remember that 10-year-old article in the Aussie Times ? R&R; please! Guess it's not hard to figure out, huh? :D Maybe I'll continue it.[Chapter 2] I decided to continue it :) The grammatical mistakes in Tatsuhi's dialogue are on purpose, elsewhere they're not XD - Hey, T! So you're from Japan, mate? Cool! – Rory was talking to a penguin he had just met three minutes ago. He carefully laid down his surfboard and backpack onto the top of the whale and turned his attention back to the older king penguin who was sitting next to him, watching the shrinking shore of Bells Beach. - My name… is Tatsuhi – the Japanese sighed in his strange accent. - Sure thing, T! Tatsuhi gave up. - I didn't know you can surf there – Rory continued. – Must be awesome. Boy, I'm soo gonna miss Bell Beach. You should come over for a short time! It sure beats a hell lot of other places… Tatsuhi had to think about how he could \"come over\" from eastern Japan to southeast Australia. - Too bad the buddies couldn't make it – Rory was surely not that type who gets embarrassed when he doesn't get an answer. – They always say I'm the best around there – he started laughing. – Not that I believe that! I mean, come on, I bet I won't even make it to the finals in the Surf Off… Tatsuhi rolled his eyes. This little punk was getting annoying. - How about you, mate? – Rory suddenly turned to him. The Japanese just couldn't get used to that \"no-face\" style the kid was pulling with his oh-god-so-yellow crest. How can he see like that? - Ehhh… - he was taken aback by the question as he thought Rory will only talk about himself. – Noothing, really – he shrugged then, trying to stop the conversation. - Aw, come on! –Rory apparently didn't get the picture. Tatsuhi sighed again. - I from Kugenuma… - he said flatly. – Aaand I'm a… pro? Yes, a pro… - Seriously? – Rory almost jumped up in surprise. – THAT IS AWESOME, MATE! Tatsuhi had to concentrate to understand the Australian English. - You must freakin' rock then! - If you say so… - I know so! Dude, pros are the best! So cool, I can't wait to see you surf! – Rory shouted happily. Tatsuhi kept his eyes on the ocean and the white foam that escorted the whale. Why couldn't he see the other's eyes? That crest in the way was very disturbing. - Why so surprised? – he said calmly. – You… said you are best— - The others said that – Rory waved his wing. – I don't believe that myself. - Well you should! – Tatsuhi snapped. Maybe if he's a little jerky, this kid would leave him alone. – Why don't you? - Dunno – Rory shrugged. – I'm just trying to be realist, you know. Had some pretty rough times that taught me to be like that… - for a second the smile on that orange beak disappeared. Tatsuhi immediately shut up. - Cool markings, mate – Rory suddenly changed the topic, the smile returning. – Damn complicated too – he added. He was right. Tatsuhi had the most complex markings he had ever seen on his body: black curves and spirals on his dark grey back, his face was beady black, bright red spots on each side of his neck. Rory was just plain white on his belly and black on his back. Small white spots started running on both sides of his neck, curving into the white part, turning black, then returning to the black half changing into white again, taking another curve next to his wings. It was pretty simple, yet it fitted the Australian so well. In return, his beak and feet were awfully orange, just like his crest was longer than the average and almost unbelievably yellow. And the \"lack\" of eyes topped everything. Tatsuhi mentally made a note to remind himself never to carry Rory if that ever happens. The smaller rockhopper was surprisingly crummy, though it wasn't that bad. -… Thanks – the Japanese finally managed to blurt out. Rory smiled widely then turned his gaze back to the ocean and fell silent. Tatsuhi hoped he would stay this way for the rest of the whale trip, but he was wrong. - I hate cold – Rory said, this time without the smile. – Especially… you know, that rigid… cruel cold. I hate it. Reminds me of… - and then that silence again. - Of what? – Tatsuhi asked though he didn't really care. -… Nothing, never mind – the Australian gabbed so quickly the king penguin could hardly catch it. Tatsuhi had to admit, he himself hated the cold too, but now they were heading to Antarctica. Where did that wader get the idea of finding a surfer there ? The Japanese shrugged and laid back. Soon they would stop so the passengers could go fishing in the ocean. He needed his energy, he wasn't the best in that. ... Tatsuhi burst out of the water, landing on the fin of the whale and started climbing up to the back, panting loudly. He returned with empty wings. Curse those fish, they were so fast he couldn't even catch up with them. As he reached the top, he saw something. On the other fin that kid, Rory was lying on his belly, glaring at the water, slowly turning his head to one side then the other. Next to him was a pile of three fish. What the…? Tatsuhi crawled closer the edge. Suddenly Rory's head impacted into the water with so much force and speed it was frightening. He quickly pulled out his head with little effort, as a pretty large fish was struggling in his beak, trying to set its tail free. The Australian grabbed the prey and threw it against the fin with great force to kill it. He then sat up and looked at the pile then at Tatsuhi. - Hey, T! – he laughed and waved. – Still hungry? I can give some! Tatsuhi almost said he had eaten enough, but a loud rumbling from his stomach changed his mind. The kid didn't have to know he hadn't caught any. He carefully slid down and sat next to Rory, lifting up a fish. These things were getting larger as they got closer to Antarctica. The Australian was already eating with ravenous appetite. -… Where you learn that? – Tatsuhi had to admit, that method was surprisingly effective. - Learn what? – Rory looked at him. – Oh, this? Ehh… from a crocodile and a kingfisher, mate. -… Pardon? - I just watched how those two were catching the prey and I mixed the two into one – Rory shrugged while taking a big bite out of the fish. Tatsuhi blinked. Why did Rory say that like it was the most natural thing in the world? Learning from animals… wow. - The trick is to be motionless and calm, mate – Rory continued after swallowing the meat. – You know, so you won't scare the fish away. I noticed the whale didn't move at all so I decided to use my trick. I'm not that great when I have to chase those things… Tatsuhi immediately felt less embarrassed. By the time they finished eating the four fish, everyone arrived back. Those who got lost, was led back by Mike who was flying over the water and kept an eye on them. Rory and Tatsuhi climbed up and sat down. This time Tatsuhi didn't really mind the Australian by his side. But dang it, there is no way he will ever get used to that constant rambling.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I owe none of the characters below, nor the events. Antarctica sucks , Rory thought as he tried his best not to freeze to death in the night. It was horrible. Not the whale, heck no! He'd slept in worse conditions. But this cold… And the fact that during the daytime it will hardly be any better made everything worse. Cruel and rigid cold. Just like his eyes… and the way He treated his \"clients\". Rory sighed and tightened his grip around the thin blanket he (THANKS GOD!) brought in his backpack. - Antarctica sucks, this cold sucks and the water sucks even more – he hissed to himself. It seemed he won't sleep till they reach that damn Shiverpool or whatsitsname and leave this freakin' polar region. At least Pen Gu was somewhere in the south from Hawaii. The others weren't in better conditions either. For example lovely icicles grew to Mike's lower beak. Only the few king and emperor penguins slept peacefully as they were originally meant for these conditions. Tatsuhi was sound asleep without any blanket. Rory just felt colder when he looked at him. He just prayed he would survive this. ... They actually found a surfer. Okay, an amateur one, but he was so stubborn he swam after the whale, almost got killed by it, yet he managed to climb up with the help of the most interesting passenger: Chicken Joe, the chicken from Sheboygan, Wisconsin. Rory's lower beak dropped at the kid. He was a rockhopper too, but a very small one compared to his age. His name was Cody. Cody Maverick. And he was a little bit crazy, that's for sure. In the end Mike had to take him in as they were already at least half a kilometer away from the miserable little village, Shiverpool. Rory understood the guy. He would have probably done the same to get out of there. He just had to suffer through one more night of coldness, then finally the weather started to warm up. He was so happy he survived that he gave a (very painful) noogie to Tatsuhi who in return shot a deadly look at him while rubbing his head. Rory guessed in Japan it wasn't a usual thing. He had learnt it from his friends and totally got used to it, so he just smiled and shrugged. All in all, after Shiverpool it was a fairly good trip to Pen Gu. Rory was catching fish for himself and Tatsuhi, spent almost all the time with him, and was never baffled by the short or the lack of the answers the Japanese gave. ... Pen Gu rocks , Rory thought as he was running up and down on the beautiful Southern Beach, finally able to move more freely. After they arrived to the shore, Mike told everyone where their quarters would be. Rory ran into his hut he was sharing with someone (he didn't know who), threw his stuff onto one of the two beds, putting his beloved surfboard, the Aussie Blast into one of the corners then sped out to look around. The island was great. It was warm (WARM!), the sand was almost snow white, beautiful waves, blue ocean, lovely people and… squids on sticks, clams and fish. FOOOOOOOOD! Rory screamed to himself as he ran towards one counter. He had so much plus energy that he ran everywhere, not caring to simply walk or about that probably everyone thought he was crazy. After he fulfilled his urge to move, calmed down and was munching on a squid, he walked back to his hut to arrange his stuff. When he entered he froze to the door step then started roaring with laughter. On the other bed Tatsuhi was sitting and was looking at him as if he was seeing an alien. - OH GOD DUUUUUUUDE THIS IS GREAT! – Rory had to grab the side of the door to stop himself from falling. – We're gonna be together! Tatsuhi rolled his eyes. Mr. Obvious. Yes, he saw the Australian's surfboard in the corner, but (he himself didn't even know why) he hoped the penguin would just move out after a while. Rory wobbled to his bed, fell on it, and was rolling on his back, still screaming with laughter. What was so funny about it? Okay, they'll be together, so what? It took Rory at least ten minutes to calm down, almost drowning in the process. Tatsuhi finally sighed when the silence took over. Soft huffs got his attention again. Rory was… sleeping? Yeah, the rockhopper actually fell asleep. What was wrong with this guy? Laughing his butt off at something not funny at all, then falling asleep right after that, without any warning… this was weird. Teenagers … , Tatsuhi thought as he began to arrange his stuff.[Chapter 4] Suicidal Rory! :D R&R; please! Rory was annoying. Annoying like helllllll… Tatsuhi tried his best to avoid the hyperactive, always-talk penguin who was running around aimlessly and happily on the beach, riding the smaller waves and wiping out on purpose (\"just for fun\"). At first with those suicidal-looking jumps he freaked out the lifeguard of the beach, Lani Aliikali who was a young Gentoo penguin. She ran into the water three times when she saw Rory jumping off his surfboard. It looked like as if he was committing suicide. - It's okay, mate! – Rory laughed as he was yet again dragged to the surface. – It's just for fun! - Cut it out, man! – Lani snarled, losing her patience. – You are distracting me! - Sorry, dudette – Rory shrugged. – You know, I just love to do it. After that little nap he took, he had more than enough energy again, and this was the best way to channel it. Lani rolled her eyes. Rory got out of the water after he found his surfboard and with a happy huff he laid down on the beach, in the shade of a palm tree. He started humming \"Welcome to Paradise\". But he forgot to continue it when he looked at the ocean. A giant wave was towering over the surface with some surfers on it. Including Tatsuhi. The Japanese, unlike the others, was surfing calmly, taking slow and elegant turns, wasn't slaloming like nuts. After a few seconds he aimed for the top, made a long jump, and danced on his board… yes, he actually danced on his board in mid-air! Rory's lower beak dropped. Tatsuhi slid to one end of the board then to the other with movements like he was ice-skating. His board landed on the water neatly, he didn't even lose his balance and left the wave right after that. As he hit the shore, Rory bounced at him and started shaking him. - DUDE THAT WAS AWESOME! – he shouted happily. – You are a pro, mate! Radical! Tatsuhi managed to free himself and looked at the rockhopper calmly (maybe a little coldly too). - Thank you – he nodded briefly. – That is me favourite… trick. - Can I show my stuff? – Rory asked with probably sparkling eyes. – Please? Pretty please? Tatsuhi sighed. Rory must have thought it was a \"yes\" because he immediately sped off to grab his board then ran towards the water. The Japanese sat down and massaged his forehead. The kid was hyperactive and that was too much for him. He'd just turned 30 last month and he no longer had patience for youngsters. He spotted out Rory as a giant wave lifted him up. The Australian quickly got to his feet and slid down to the bottom then started to slalom to gain speed. Once he was fast enough he turned to the top and jumped. That kid must have had some aptitude for suicidal actions. Rory turned upside down in mid-air, hanging from the board and stayed like that until the very last moment when he quickly changed his position back to normal and landed in the water neatly. Tatsuhi sighed. The Australian was anything but normal. Then again… everyone who chose surfing was crazy at least just a little bit. Rory wasn't done yet. He made another jump, this time he grabbed the sides of the board and started spinning around like a spinning top. Again this lasted until the last possible moment before impacting. The Australian survived the trick again, though this time he did feel a little dizzy, wobbling a little on his board. The wave collapsed, but Rory was already far away from it, hitting the shore with a wide grin. A few penguins ran to him and congratulated him, saying that was cool and stuff. The Australian smiled back and tried to pay attention to everyone. After he escaped from the crowd he walked up to Tatsuhi and lied down on the beach. - That felt good! – he huffed. - You just love to do tricks that… endanger you life, do you not? – Tatsuhi glanced at him mockingly. - They don't endanger my— - Yes they do! – Tatsuhi snapped, cutting Rory off. – Do tricks that… won't cost you life! One wrong move and you are dead. Rory fell silent. - Safe tricks are very important – Tatsuhi continued his scolding. – Better learn it before you break you neck, and learn it fa— - LOOK, EVERYONE! IT'S BIG Z'S LAST FAN! – a deep and unpleasant voice rang through the beach. Rory and Tatsuhi, along with nearly everyone else looked into that direction. Tank \"The Shredder\" Evans found a new target for his mocking tongue: Cody Maverick with his Big Z necklace. Naturally, everyone gathered around the fighting penguins. Cody, desperately trying to defend Big Z's memory, and Tank, pulling his usual trick: bullying the legend. - \"Z\" is for \"Zero\"! – Tank jabbed Cody on the chest. - YOU WILL NEVER BE AS GOOD AS BIG Z, STANK ! – Cody in return kicked some sand on Tank's feet, putting emphasis on the nickname he jus blurted out. This kid is so dead , Tatsuhi thought. Yeah, you tell 'im, mate! Rory almost shouted out loud, but stopping himself just in time. Then the chicken got in the picture who was… dressed like a girl? - Hey, hey people, come on now! – he tried to separated the two penguins. – Smile on your brothe— Tank's punch sent him flying at least two meters backwards. Tatsuhi immediately made a mental note about never getting in the way of Tank. Rory, on the other hand, was getting all too thrilled and was ready to jump into the fight he had nothing to do with. The very moment they jump at each other's throat is the moment he jumps on Tank… Reggie Belafonte, the sea otter, organizer of the Surf Off, got in the picture, unbeknownst to him that he'd just prevented a scuffle. - A little one-on-one surfing action between Tank Evans aaaaaand Jerry— – the otter had trouble with Cody's name. - Cody Mavencourt! – Reggie finally blurted out after a little help from Mike who was struggling with a board. – And the one that rides the biggest wave… WINS! So that was it. The little rockhopper against the pro emperor penguin. Tatsuhi didn't have to be a fortuneteller to guess the outcome of this one. Wha—Wait a minute! What was that kid doing? Tatsuhi watched in horror as Cody, instead of diving under the wave… paddles over it? The wave collapsed only moments after he reached the top. The Japanese would have never believed there was a penguin more suicidal than Rory but turned out indeed there was. Something was very wrong with rockhopper penguins in general. Apparently Cody said something very offensive. Rory could read on Tank's face that the emperor penguin will strangle Cody for that, whatever it was. Rory smiled. He didn't like Tank from the moment he saw him in a newspaper. Arrogant, aggressive sucker. That's what he was. Another wave, this time it was a safe one. Both surfers got into position. And then… what was that kid doing again? Standing up on the middle of the board? Tatsuhi counted the seconds. 3… 2… 1… the board slipped out from under Cody's feet, and the rockhopper fell at least five meters, screaming his head off. Seriously, what did he expect? That he will be able to ride the wave like that? Rory recoiled in surprise and looked at Tatsuhi as if he was asking \"will he be alright?\". Between the two penguins Chicken Joe was standing and covering his eyes in fear. Tatsuhi looked at Rory, seeing the puzzled look on the other's… eh, face? Beak?… and shrugged. - What did you expect? – he whispered. - Not this – murmured Rory, turning his head back to the water, where the foam was making Cody's orange surfboard dance. Lani ran pass them and jumped into the water to save Cody who was struggling against the waves. Minutes later she managed to drag him out to the shore and tried her best to make the fainted rockhopper cough up the water. The comment of Rob Machado, a pro talking to a camera in the background wasn't helping: - That's what happens when you take on the Tank, right? Rory and Tatsuhi watched the struggling. Rory simply froze to his spot, unable to move or speak, though his beak was moving. Tatsuhi tried to remember every detail so he will never forget that this is what happens if you piss off Tank. Chicken Joe got in the picture again, he tried to help but said he hoped there was no blood, because just at the thought of it… he fainted. - Somebody help the chicken – Lani looked at Rory and Tatsuhi. The Japanese waited, but Rory didn't seem to even hear the sentence. He was hypnotized. - BLEH, TASTES LIKE SH— – Tank's rude comment on the squid on a stick made Tatsuhi glance in his direction. Then with a sigh he dragged Joe out of the way and laid him in a comfortable position. By the time he returned, Cody coughed up the water, fainted again, and Rory was still stuck to his spot, not moving an inch. Lani lifted the rockhopper to her back and left the place. Tatsuhi poked Rory who snapped out of it and shook his head as if he was sleeping. - What? – he asked. - Thanks for helping – Tatsuhi said sarcastically. Guess what, Rory got the picture this time. - Oh… ugh… sorry, I was just… - Daydreaming. - No! – Rory snapped desperately. – I mean, yes… I mean… the dude… reminded me of someone… And with that he turned on his heels, grabbed his surfboard and retreated into the hut. Tatsuhi turned after him. Okay, this was getting annoyingly confusing.[Chapter 5] R&R; please Rory was awfully silent for the rest of the day and night. He sat down on his bed, occasionally pulled out a few stuff of his backpack –a didgeridoo, a shark-teeth necklace, a boomerang, a few wooden medals and so on– then packed them back and continued staring into nothing. In other days Tatsuhi would have been glad he finally had some silent time, but he knew Rory enough to know: this was not normal. Maybe the rockhopper was just tired. So Tatsuhi, after riding the waves a few more times, tried to start a conversation, knowing all too well it was a big mistake. - How was the ocean? - Fine – murmured Rory, playing with the boomerang, not really paying attention. - Just fine? - Yeah. End of the conversation. Tatsuhi hissed to himself. It could have gone better. Let's try it from another direction. - What's you problem? – he snapped. - Nothing… - Yeah, you… sssure act like that! -… you need to know about – Rory finished his sentence softly, looking at the boomerang. -… Want to… talk about it? - No. - Then how do you want… to get over it? - With a good sleep. That always helps. The end. Tatsuhi gave up, lied down on his bed, turned towards the wall and tried to sleep. He heard Rory doing the same. Half an hour had passed and Tatsuhi was slowly drifting into sleep. Soft murmurs woke him up. He lifted his head to tell Rory to shut the hell up when he saw his companion. Rory was… crying. The rockhopper curled up into a ball in his sleep, was mumbling something, and small teardrops were running down on his cheeks, from under his crest. Tatsuhi let out the heaviest sigh of history, got up and carefully walked there. He covered Rory with a blanket and wiped the tears off. The rockhopper didn't wake up. The Japanese returned to his bed, lied down and fell asleep almost immediately. ... Rory was actually right. The sleep did help. The next morning he was hyperactive and cheerful again, continuing his aimless running up and down, giving Tatsuhi squids on sticks faster than lightning, surfing on every kind of waves (this time without the suicidal jumps) and finally, as the highlight of the day, he rode into a tube. Surfing in the tube was the best. Everybody loved that, it was special and wonderful and the water and the lights made you think you were in a fairytale. Even though it only lasted for a few minutes, it felt like an eternity in a wonderland where problems didn't exist. Tatsuhi noticed that Rory wasn't pulling those two suicidal tricks he showed yesterday, but much safer ones. Wow, the kid actually listened to him. He saw the still fainted Chicken Joe, as two hatchlings built a sandcastle around him. The next minute he looked back at them, the chicken was gone. Rory hit the shore and walked up to Tatsuhi, still under the influence of the tube. - That was awesome! – the Australian threw his wings up in the air in excitement. Tatsuhi nodded while smiling. - And you were awesome too! – said a smooth, little bit gabbing voice from behind Rory who immediately froze, then slowly turned around. Reggie Belafonte, the sea otter. The first think Rory wanted to do was to spit on him. He unintentionally started collecting his drool for that. Even though Reggie sponsored the Memorial Surf Off, he was a manipulating little freak. He reminded Rory of Him… - Say, kid, don't you wanna make your dream come true? – the otter continued with the widest grin an otter could muster. - My dream… - Rory said extremely slowly, swallowing the spittle. –… is to have a life. And I have one now. But thanks for the offer. - And don't you wanna try out the life of fame? - Heck no! – pure shock crossed Rory's face for a second. If he gets famous… - Come on, kid, there's no winning spirit in you! - You are right. Tatsuhi was watching the conversation closely. What's up with Rory? Other kids would agree in a minute. Not that he minded it… he himself knew Reggie cannot be trusted. Rory was doing the right thing trying to turn down the offer… but the fight was already lost. - Hey, listen! – Reggie still didn't shut up. – How about a little pre-contest, huh? You and your friends on a little surf-action? To see who's the best… Rory sighed. He knew he couldn't win this battle. But he also knew how to win the war. So he turned to the only thing he hated about himself. He made sure Tatsuhi couldn't see his face, then slowly reached up and brushed aside his crest, never breaking eye-contact with Reggie. Indeed his eyes worked. Those light grey irises showed either emptiness or threat, other emotions couldn't appear in them. Still looking into the otter's eyes (who shut up in that very moment), he slowly answered, his voice barely above a whisper: - Listen up, Reggie! I'll take part in your little game, but only this time – he hissed. – Once this pre-contest is over, you leave me alone, regardless of the outcome. Got that? - Sure thing – Reggie managed a weak smile then ran off. Rory quickly arranged back his crest, then turned to Tatsuhi. - What that all about? – the Japanese asked. - A little pre-contest— - I got that! – Tatsuhi snapped. – You scare him. How? - Let's just say, I have my own tricks, T – Rory smiled. – Would you like to take part? - No. - Pretty please? – Rory would have pulled the begging-puppy-look, had his eyes been actually visible. Tatsuhi sighed. There were battles you just couldn't win. For example against Reggie… or Rory right now. He nodded slowly, knowing that he is probably going to regret this. Rory let out a happy squeak and ran off to get others too. In the end he ended up with the crazy Brazilian shark-wrestler, Renato Mendes, and three more emperor penguins from Pen Gu. The little group headed towards Reggie to announce they are ready. But they had to wait till the next day for the stage to be ready. Until then… well, the group got to know each other more closely. Tatsuhi realized in the first minute that the stories about Brazilian surfer's craziness weren't exaggerations. Rory practiced all day long, he wanted to make sure he would win this one. In the night he almost fainted into the bed, exhausted from happiness and training. That night he didn't have nightmarish memories to haunt him.[Chapter 6] R&R; please! The next day came and so did the pre-contest. Tatsuhi had to admit, Rory was a worthy opponent on the wave. Stubborn and persistent, not giving up till the wave was his. Though the Japanese was going easy on him, mainly because his board, the ZX-19 was hidden in a black and light brown \"cocoon\" of sorts. He only wanted to reveal the true beauty, his ultimate weapon on the day of the contest. Rory fought like a lion, tried to take the wave from Tatsuhi, who smirked and blocked every attempt of his. Surfing on this cocoon wasn't anything like his real surfboard but he still could move fast enough. Though the Australian was giving him a hard time. After almost five minutes of never-ending fight, Rory finally tricked Tatsuhi. The Australian rode higher on the wave, acting like he wanted to pass above Tatsuhi. The Japanese immediately got in his way, but by the time he could turn, Rory made a near 90-degree turn and sped away at the bottom of the wave, letting out a victory cry. He then aimed for the top, jumped up high… and did the most hair-rising trick Tatsuhi had ever seen. While in the air, Rory crouched down, turned upside down, grabbed the sides of the board and started spinning horizontally like the rotor of a helicopter. He managed to complete quiet a few turns before taking up normal position and landing on the water. Loud cheering from the shore. Tatsuhi smiled and clapped, admitting the Australian's victory. Even the other four competitors stopped fighting each other way behind and watched in awe. Rory grinned widely, let out a victory cry once more and the bunch left the wave before it could collapse on them. On the shore the stage (originally built for the contest only) waited for the competitors. A whale with new visitors, mainly spectators, had just arrived. Rory and Tatsuhi was standing next to each other on the stage, behind their backs were their boards. Tatsuhi made that ultimate mistake of bowing to thank the crowd for the cheering. Rory saw his opportunity, grabbed his neck so he couldn't escape and gave him a noogie. - YOU ROCK, T! – he shouted over the clapping and cheering, grinning widely. Tatsuhi rubbed his aching head, but returned the smile. Watching Rory this happy somehow lightened up his mood. The kid had a strong influence on his surroundings. Once they got down from the stage, the two… friends walked up to the Shark Bar, a bar built inside the skull of a giant (probably ancient) shark. - That race was awesome! – Rory cheered as he drank a pineapple-peach juice. – You're seriously a pro, T! - You were great too – Tatsuhi nodded, slurping coconut milk. - Nah, I was just lucky— - That wasn't luck, Rory – Tatsuhi shook his head. – That was… serious tactics. You were testing me skills, and found the weak spot. I suggest… you do that on the Surf Off too. Rory smiled at the compliment. The two finished their drinks and headed back to ride a few more waves. They fought their way through the crowd to get their boards. Rory eagerly lifted the Aussie Blast and turned to Tatsuhi. - A race till the water, T? – he asked mischievously. Tatsuhi was about to answer, turning down the offer, when a shout rang through the beach, emitting from the crowd: - Master Rory! Little master, wait up! The Aussie Blast hit the sand. ... Rory was running in the jungle, dodging branches and vines, trying to put as much distance between himself and the owner of the voice as he could. He jumped over trunks and puddles, falling over when he landed but immediately got to his feet again. Upon arriving to a clearing his tiredness ordered him to stop. He leaned against a tree, panting hard, trying to think straight. He started hitting the trunk in desperation. IDIOT! YOU KNEW THIS COULD HAPPEN! his mind screamed at him. YOU KNEW IT! Yes, he did. Deep down his mind protested against the idea, but he didn't listen to it. Of course, this Memorial Surf Off was always live on the television. Anybody could see him. Even He. Rory let himself sank down into sitting position. He no longer had the power to hurt himself. His past had caught up with him. With loud rustling another penguin fought its way to the clearing. It was a rockhopper with normal-looking yellow crest. He was 21 years older than Rory, yet he was smaller. Peter Dounty, the oldest and most loyal menial of the Nubbins Family, mainly the Old Guy. The rockhopper stopped a few meters away from the panting Rory and carefully examined him. He was looking for two special characteristics: the traditional Australian pattern on his sides, and the grey eyes. The pattern matched. The eyes… ? - Master Rory? – Peter asked carefully. Rory gave up. There was no escape. He brushed his crest aside, revealing his cold eyes. - IT'S REALLY YOU! – Peter shouted happily after a moment of dead silence. – IT'S MIRACLE! GOD HAS HEARD OUR PRAYERS! – and he started dancing around. – The Little master has returned from the dead! Rory bowed his head. That was it. The end. - Your Father was right when he saw you on TV! Oh God, he will be so happy to see you again! – Peter laughed, throwing his wings up in the air. Something flashed up in the grey irises: determination. Rory liked the old menial, he really did. Peter was the only one (not counting his mother) who always listened to him, always had time for the little hatchling no matter what tasks awaited. Yes, his past had caught up with him and there was no escape. This left only one option: fight. He won't go down this easily. With newly found energy he sprung to his legs and jumped at Peter to pin him down. The menial squeaked in surprise and fear, tried to break free, but Rory was much stronger than him. He found himself lying on the ground on his belly, Rory sitting on him, pinning his head and wings down. - YOU WILL TELL IT TO NO ONE! – Rory shouted. – Understood? - W-what? – Peter hiccupped. What has gotten into his Little master? - Understood? – Rory repeated. - Bu-but… - No buts! It's an order, not a request! - What about your dear father, Little master? – Peter tried to reason. – His broken heart will finally be mended! - And mine will be broken to pieces forever! – Rory snapped, but loosing his firm grip a little. – If you really respect me, or like me just a little bit, you will tell it to no one! Especially to my f… – he struggled to say the word. –… father! - But why, Master? – Peter almost cried. – He loves you! He had mourned for over two years after your disappearance and is still broken by it! Rory felt his power leaving him again. He let Peter go, stood up and wobbled back to the tree just to sit down. He let out a loud sob. - I know – he whispered. – I know. But I also know his true face. I… I can't go back, Peter! I won't survive there! I will go mad there, don't you get it? There was a reason I left! Peter sat up and crawled closer to his Little master who curled up in a ball. - Little master, tell me then – he said calmly. - You mean tell us – another penguin got in the picture: Tatsuhi. Neither of them heard him coming. That was because the Japanese could move like a shadow if necessary. He followed the shouting Peter into the jungle to finally get his answers. Rory slowly looked at him. Sadness and shock were written all over his face but his finally visible eyes were empty. Tatsuhi didn't want to admit, but those eyes did scared him a little. He suddenly understood why Rory hid them. The Australian covered his face with his wings. - I'm doomed – he moaned. – There goes my life. Tatsuhi sat down next to Peter and the two looked at each other. - If you just told us what… going on with you… – the Japanese started. - Nothing! – Rory snapped. - You freeze to you spot when see Cody fainted! – Tatsuhi shouted. – You cry in you dream! You run away from an old friend of yours AND try hide in the jungle! AND YOU TELLING ME THERE NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU? Rory winced at the shouting. Tatsuhi immediately lowered his voice. - Tell what is happening to you… so we can help. And that's order, not a… request. - Please, Little master! – Peter added with pleading eyes. Rory shook his head slowly, still looking at the ground. - You wouldn't understand – he mumbles. - Then tell us from beginning… - Tatsuhi said, his eyes cold and demanding. – We will try our best understand you. Rory gulped. He trusted Tatsuhi when the king penguin told him about tricks, he trusted him when he suggested he should use that testing tactic during the Surf Off. Why couldn't he trust the Japanese now? And Peter? When he was little, they shared a lot of small secrets like the one when Rory broke a plate and not telling it to his father. Why couldn't he trust him now either? He had to take the risk. These two were his friends, dang it! And friends are there for listening. He had to trust them. Rory forced himself to open his beak and start the story.[Chapter 7] R&R; please! - It all started with Mum – Rory said in a shaky voice. – Not the way that she laid my egg… okay, that way too… but when I was small. Mum… Amelia… was a woman with a golden heart towards anybody who needed it, while… James, my fa-father was and still is a two-faced freak. Our family is among the richest farmers in Australia, with probably the biggest lordship. While James showed his lovely-dovey, caring side towards his family, he wrecked others' lives. Tatsuhi raised his eyebrow. Lovely business-penguin , he thought. - He tricked farming families into a joint undertaking then set a trap that ruined his \"partners\" so he could buy their lands after that – Rory's voice was almost dripping with venom. – This was his way of improving. Of course at that time I didn't understand or know it at all. I was 5 or 6, how could I? Peter's green eyes widened. Tatsuhi guessed James was really good at keeping his business to himself only. - Mum tried her best to make James abandon this method, but he was stubborn and said it was the only working way. The ruined families tried to sue him but his traps were so complicated that there was never any trace or clue that would have proven their statement. James always managed to set it as if it was an accident. Mum desperately tried to prevent more families from total breakdown but she never succeeded truly… - Rory paused for a moment before he could continue. – That's when she fell ill. At first she was an outpatient… The doctors diagnosed the sickness, but I knew she was ill because of her desperation. Peter nodded sadly. Neither he nor Rory couldn't recall the sickness, as the doctors shared this information only with James and Amelia. - Mum… somehow knew she was going to die so she decided to take matters into her own wings while she had time – Rory continued. – She thought that if she couldn't change James, she could change me, the heir of the lordship. I am an only child so it was just obvious. She told me everything James was doing in a way a 6-year-old could understand. I remember once she hid me in a cupboard in the saloon where James and one of the ruined families had a meeting. It was a widow… with five children whose land was taken away by James. The widow begged him for help even though she knew he was the responsible for their breakdown. James, of course, refused… - Yes – Peter said. – I remember that day! Master told me they were only business partners. - So he is good lying too – Tatsuhi growled. Rory nodded: - I saw it with my own eyes and I understood the important parts. I saw his true face: a backstabbing freak. And… it scared me. I could no longer trust him and his smile. Mum made me promise I would never be like him. She was very sad she had to show me this, but she knew after her death there would be no one who could do the same. It was a sacrifice we had to make. - Then she became an in patient… – Peter murmured. –… and was tied to the sick bed for the rest of her life… Rory's throat tightened but he managed to continue. - I spent all of my free time with her. I read books for her and made little, lame dolls… anything that made her smile. At her last night she was so weak she couldn't even lift her wing up. She begged me to forgive her for showing me James' true face and ruining that mirage I saw around him. The next morning, precisely on my 7th birthday… she died. Rory wiped off his tears. - And that was it – he sobbed. – James loved her as much as he loved me, so he was devastated. So was I. I felt like I was locked up in a room with a snake. Only Peter could lighten up my mood a little. As I grew older, I understood more and more of James' tricks. I had to understand them, to know how to avoid them when I get in charge… but soon I was fed up, angry and tired of it. Imagine what James was doing if he could make a 9-year-old disgusted! - That's why you left… - Peter whispered. - Yes – Rory nodded. – Mainly that was the reason. I couldn't take it anymore. And also I saw another way of life… Once he went down to the village next to shore with me and I saw other children playing around freely… surfing on smaller waves. And I fell in love with it. It was… so different from the one at home. No strict proprieties, no loneliness, no overcomplicated rules… Surfing meant freedom for me, and it still does. I feel like a hawk when I'm on the waves. Tatsuhi smiled softly. Surfing did meant freedom to him too. - I can do whatever I want there, defying gravity, everything! – Rory sighed. – I loved it, but James didn't let me practice it freely. I hardly had time for it. You know, school stuff… My home teacher was a witch I swear… - Ugh, I hated her – Peter growled. – Always told me how to do things… - But at least she taught me well. I'm grateful for that – Rory admitted. – But soon I felt I would go crazy if I couldn't escape somehow. So I came up with a plan… - That trip…? – Peter's eyes widened. -… was my idea entirely – Rory finished with a nod. – I took advantage out of James' love the same way he did with his partners. This was the one and only time I ever broke my promise to Mum, but it was a matter of sanity or insanity. He happily took me and Peter to near a river. Of course crocodiles lived there but we kept a safe distance. I waited for the right moment then disappeared as fast as I could. I left a few clues that would lead the cops to the river, but I wasn't that idiot to get close to those 8-meter-long crocks. Tatsuhi's and Peter's mouths hung open. - In the times of need I can be very creative – Rory shrugged. – I managed to get to the village without being killed by something in the forest where I found my old nanny, Kate who took care of me when I was a hatchling. So I went to her, told her everything, and after she saw I had nowhere else to go, she adopted me and I lived there for 5 years, learnt the life in the village, how to take care of myself, all these stuff. I made friends with other kids, my best friend was Eric, and I finally had time to learn surfing too with the others. After 5 years I was earning my own money by fishing and selling it on the market with the help of a good friend, Berta. I became independent, didn't want to be a pest to Kate, and moved to a small cottage with Eric as my roommate. - And didn't you… miss us? – Peter asked carefully. - I didn't miss neither James nor my old life, but I sure missed you – Rory smiled weakly. – But I couldn't go back. At least not officially… - What do you mean, Little master? - Last year I decided to pay a little visit to James' office to know him better – Rory kept his gaze on the ground. – At night I got in through the window and started to look for old records of his business. - Yes, I remember now! – Peter said. – That strange \"robbery\". They broke in, left a mess, but nothing was stolen. - That would be me – Rory nodded. – I had to know more about James' business, I just had to. So I searched everywhere. And I found his journal. It was a very thick notebook and inside it there was the list of almost all of the partners he ever had. He wrote down their names, address, telephone number, the date the relationship started and the size of their lands. Next to most of the names he wrote \"GET IT\" to remind himself who was his victim. I found the widow with the five children among others. He had ruined dozens of families. At the end of the list there was a partner he only started business a few weeks ago, but planned to get their farm too. I knew his method took months to ruin somebody completely, so I memorized the address and left the place. The first thing in the morning for me was to write an anonymous letter to said family and try to warn them about James. - Oh, yeah – Peter mumbled. – A family seceded from a joint undertaking one day, and… Master was furious. - Then they had listened to my letter – Rory sighed. – At least I managed to save one family from him. Tatsuhi cocked his head to one side. - That's the story – Rory finished. – I know I've done things I shouldn't have, but I was either desperate or idiot or… I guess, both – he looked at Peter. – Can you understand now? I can't go back. Not after 10 years of this… real life. I can't leave it. I am finally truly happy… Peter held back a sob and rubbed his eyes. - Little master – he said, barely above a whisper. – I've missed you so much. I was thinking of you everyday. Everyone thought you were dead… But if this is what you wish, I cannot disobey to my master… Rory smiled sadly then looked at the ground again. - I… just don't know what to do now… - he said softly. – James saw me on TV and recognized me… - I will tell him it was a misunderstanding – Peter suggested. - Yes… but what if he accidently sees me one day? – The Australian's voice was shaking. – How can I tell him to forget me forever? Tatsuhi thought for a moment. - You cannot hide forever– he said then. – You must meet him and tell him yourself! Rory looked at him. - This the only option – the Japanese shrugged. - I… I… don't have… the guts… - Rory stammered. - Oh, sorry, I thought me ears failed for a minute – Tatsuhi rubbed the sides of his head. – You not dare? The surfer who do the most hair-rising and suicidal tricks without hesitation… don't dare to say few sentences to his father? Rory shut his beak. He knew arguing with Tatsuhi wasn't the best idea. Peter glanced at the Japanese then back at his master. - He does have a point, Little master – he said carefully. Rory inhaled deeply. - If you settle score with your father, you no longer need to hide from him – Tatsuhi continued. – You will make peace with yourself too. Rory lunged at them and hugged them tightly. - Thank you – he sobbed, burying his face into the shoulders of the two surprised penguins. – You two are great friends! Tatsuhi blinked a few times in confusion, then slowly returned the hug, throwing one wing around the rockhopper's back. Peter did the same. The Japanese smiled widely as he patted Rory's back. Poor Rory :([Chapter 8] R&R; please! The day of the Big Z Memorial Surf Off had arrived and so did the excitement. Rory was eagerly waxing the Aussie Blast. Only one hour separated them from the contest. Giant clouds darkened the daylight, the wind was blowing, the ocean was furious and giant waves attacked the shore but none of these things mattered to the brave surfers. The unpleasant voice of the horn made him jump in excitement. He grabbed his board and ran out of his hut. In the way he saw the long lost Chicken Joe and Cody Maverick. The competitors, all the 23 slowly got into two rows, with Rory and Tatsuhi in the first one. - I expect you be challenge to me – Tatsuhi smirked at him. Rory stared at his friend's surfboard. - You… where did you get this, T? – he asked in awe. - It was inside other – Tatsuhi patted his board. – I kept it as a… surprise. The Japanese's board, the real ZX-19 was a true beauty. It had the shape of a shark of some sort, the end of it was way more narrow then the nose. The fins were awfully large, and resembled two knives. It was black, in the middle of the deck a red line ran with Japanese letters on it. No doubt about it: the ZX-19 was fast and easy to turn with. - Do think you can still beat me? – Tatsuhi chuckled. - We shall see! – Rory smiled confidently. He stroked the Aussie Blast. Ready to dance, honey? he asked his board. It was like a friend to him. Meanwhile Tank and Cody had a conversation too, not far from them, probably about nothing pleasant. The horn blew. Rory launched himself like a rocket, the energy building up in him finally had a way to get out. This was it. The ocean was extremely dark and wavering, it was hard to move forward. Rory paddled with such force he made a small jump on the top of every bigger wave. Tatsuhi was not far from him. A wave towered over them. Rory watched as 5 surfers decided to ride it. He smirked and dived under it. Turned out he made the good decision: the wave turned into a tube then collapsed, dragging the 5 surfers with it. He surfaced and gasped for air. Okay, maybe he dived a little bit too deep, but he just wanted to make sure the wave won't reach him. Tatsuhi was examining the ocean when Rory appeared not too far from him. The Japanese knew the kid wasn't that stupid to ride the first wave. A massive swell appeared. And that kid, Cody was aiming for it. Rory paddled next to Tatsuhi and together they watched carefully. Tatsuhi was sure the small rockhopper would wipe out again… but the kid learnt from his last mistake. It was a simple yet elegant first ride. - YO MATE, THAT'S IT! – Rory howled while clapping loudly. His ecstasy affected the calmly watching Tatsuhi and he started to cheer for Cody too… Salt water was splashed on them, shutting their beaks. Tatsuhi, while shaking the water out of his eyes, saw that Tank Evans somehow got next to them and didn't like at all that they were happy for the rockhopper. Rory spat out the water and muttered something so dirty Tatsuhi glanced at him. Thanks God Tank didn't hear it. The Japanese was sure the emperor penguin would have strangled Rory on the spot. He quickly kicked Rory's board underwater, shutting him up before the Australian could pour another round of swearing on Tank, probably signing his death warrant along the way. They paddled out of the water for a short break. - Idiot Tasmanian devil! – Rory growled while waxing his board. – I swear a moa had more brain than he does! Tatsuhi, who was sitting next to his raging friend, paused for a moment. Tasmanian devil… he didn't know much about those things except that they were black, small, unpleasant mammals. And Moas were… giant ostrich-like birds that were extinct. He swore the next time he meets Rory (if that ever happens) he will take a dictionary with himself. - Calm down! – he waved his wing, finishing the waxing. – You won't achieve anything with this. - Yeah I know – Rory murmured. Ever since he'd promised he would settle things with his father, he was tensed a little all the time. Tatsuhi sighed. - Concentrate on trying beating me instead – he joked. - You got it, T! – Rory laughed, as the horn was blown again. By the end of that round only 14 surfers remained. Rory and Tatsuhi were miles away from each other on the wave, the Japanese was busy predicting the nearby Tank's moves and doing tricks that won't get him in the way of the champion. Because of this wariness he didn't get many points, but at least he survived the ride next to Evans. Rory had a hard time too. He was nowhere near Tank but a few other surfers got in the way. Most of the time he had only moments to avoid them. The lack of space prevented him from showing any of his hair-rising tricks. Two more rounds passed with breaks in between, and the semi final came. Tatsuhi looked over the row. Himself, Rory, Cody, Chicken Joe (SERIOUSLY?) and Tank. Rory was more than happy. He could have never guessed he would make it this far. ... Competing against your friend is fun… until it gets serious. But Rory wasn't there to win at any cost, so he was just enjoying himself. Cody made a miraculous comeback with a new board. He was steady and full of energy, he did want to win the contest. Chicken Joe was… Chicken Joe. Tank Evans with the usual showing off. Tatsuhi with his elegance. So what was left for him? The dare-devil's character. With Joe falling waaaay behind, doing nothing but relaxing on his board, and Cody and Tank battling with each other silently, Rory had few time to do simple tricks (like Cross, Racker and Switch) before he caught up with Tatsuhi. And so the most epic battle started between the two. Tatsuhi said the truth: he had been a big challenge on that other board, but now he seemed unbeatable. He easily blocked the Australian's every attempt for taking over, seemingly without any effort. Rory pursed his beak. The ZX-19 was very sensitive to every movement and turned to the slightest weight-shifting. This made it extremely fast and easy to maneuver… but also kind of unstable. If he just somehow could take advantage out of it! He knew he couldn't pull the same trick from yesterday. Tatsuhi had learnt from it. Rory tried to think of something. He had to pull a trick the Japanese wasn't expecting or being able to block it. But he didn't stand a chance against that board on the water. So that left the air… and one more place… The Australian decided that now or never. He started to slalom, trying to trick Tatsuhi into riding lower on the wave. The Japanese eyed him suspiciously but after a few seconds he descended a little. Now was his chance! Rory was nowhere near as good in turning as Tatsuhi but he was better in something: balancing with the board. With all of his power he made a 90-degree turn, aimed for the top, but before he could jump he lifted the nose of his board to slow himself down. This way he nearly stopped on the very top of the wave. Now for the balancing part. He quickly shifted his weight to prevent himself from sliding down on either side and let himself go with the flow. Tatsuhi watched in awe. That kid knew something. He couldn't reach him up there, he could just stand there and watch as the Australian slowly passed by. He smiled widely and clapped. - Nice trick – he shouted over the rumbling of the wave. Rory smiled at him, but he was concentrating on not losing his balance. After a few seconds he let himself slide down to the bottom, this time he was leading the way. He inhaled deeply to let out a victory cry when he heard Tatsuhi shouting something. Time slowed down. He turned back and watched as Tatsuhi jump up, pulling his board with him, making a freestyle turn in the air before landing at the bottom. It was an emergency maneuver to get out of the way of… Rory felt as a massive brown board, the Reggie Special rams into his more fragile Aussie Blast. The board shook and slipped out from under him. He managed to at least jump up a little, when a wing smashed into his belly and sent him flying backwards. Tank ran over him. Rory didn't make a sound during his wipeout. He tightly shut his beak, preventing himself from screaming, from showing Tank his fear. I will get you for this , he thought as the wave collapsed onto him. The last thing he saw was Tatsuhi's desperate face. Tank is an a-hole.[Chapter 9] Tatsuhi watched as Rory was swallowed up by the white foam at the end of the wave. The rockhopper was probably already at the top, moments away from being thrown away by the massive force. He snapped his head to Tank's direction. - Eat my surf, sucker! – the champion shouted after Rory, before speeding off. Tatsuhi felt a strong urge to catch up with the emperor penguin and kick him in the belly but he knew it would be suicide even on land. He made a decision. With a bold hairpin bend he left the wave and steered backwards to the end of the wave, not giving a crap about the blowing horn saying he was disqualified. When the white, foamy end of the wave passed by him, he stopped on the calm surface and looked around. He saw Lani jumping into the water from the shore, swimming in his direction. He couldn't spot out Rory. With a shrug Tatsuhi decided it was his turn to try to commit suicide and jumped into the water. He knew all too well that if a wave passed over him, he could say good bye to his board and maybe to his life too. But there was no time to think about these things. Rory hadn't surfaced yet and that meant big trouble. The water was dark and Tatsuhi could hardly see anything. Then he spotted out a movement from the corner of his eye. He turned there to see Rory struggling in the grip of some kind of sea weed. The rockhopper's right leg enmeshed with the green \"tentacles\" and couldn't break free. It was a miracle he hadn't fainted yet after his wipeout. Tatsuhi quickly got there and he grabbed the weed, gesturing Rory to stop squirming. The rockhopper's oxygen wasn't lasting for long. Tatsuhi ripped the weed apart with such force no one would have given him and he hugged the half-fainted Rory. His lungs were burning. He started swimming upwards. The two penguins' heads burst out of the water in the very moment Tatsuhi felt he could no longer hang in there. The ocean was still calm and his board was not far away. He pulled Rory there and the two panting surfers laid their heads on the ZX-19 that now was an island of peace. Rory's wheezing was loud and desperate but at least he was alive. Tatsuhi managed a weak smile. - You… you saved me! – Rory panted happily once his breathing calmed down a little. - Yeah, I did – Tatsuhi nodded. Rory lunged at him, and gave him a noogie. Where did he get the energy for that? - I'm in your debt, T! – the Australian would have shouted had he had enough oxygen for that. Tatsuhi rubbed his aching head with a grimace. He will be lucky if he survives the contest with unbroken skull. Lani reached them. - Are you two alright? – she asked worriedly. - Yeah – the two said in unison. They looked at each other in surprise then burst out in laughing. Lani let out a faint sigh as she calmed down. The three penguins headed for the shore where the Aussie Blast was waiting for his owner on the sand. Rory wobbled out with the help of Tatsuhi. The rockhopper was heavy. Tatsuhi almost laughed out loud. There goes his promise. After collecting the Aussie Blast the two friends fell into the background, Rory lying down on the sand. He was lucky he survived that wipeout. The finals started. And so did the row of unbelievable happenings. First of all Tank wiped out while blocking Cody's way. Then Cody and Chicken Joe got 27 points for their tricks while Tank had 0. And the last wave came. Cody almost rode into the tube (that would have meant a hell lot of points), but Tank attacked Joe. So the small rockhopper went to the rescue, saving the chicken but pissing off Tank so hard the emperor penguin pushed him out of bounds… straight into the dreaded Boneyards. Rory's and Tatsuhi's lower beaks dropped as they saw pieces of a surfboard flying up from the bottom of a giant black cliff, moments before the huge wave collapsed. Lani came, grabbed her board and sped off to save the two penguins… if they were still alive, of course. -… You think…? – Rory asked, not daring to finish the sentence. Tatsuhi slowly shook his head. - I don't know. It looked like it. Rory gulped and got to his feet. Two more giant waves bombarded the Boneyards before the ocean finally calmed down. Lani pulled out the fainted Tank, her eyes glued to the dark cliffs. Cody was nowhere to be found. The kid's board hit the shore. Rory and Tatsuhi ran there to stand it up. - Don't touch it! Don't touch that! – Reggie tossed them aside. But before Rory could raise his wing to punch the otter in the face, Reggie bowed his head. - This is a reminder of the young surfer who gave his life for a sport he loved – the mammal sobbed. Rory immediately bowed his head. Everyone gathered around the board. - Young Joey MacEnroe was a beacon for a new generation – Reggie continued, failing at the name again. – May he rest in peace. Tatsuhi glanced at Rory. Could those grey eyes show sadness? Nobody knew. But it was clear on Rory's face. - I was starting to like him – he muttered so softly, even Tatsuhi could hardly catch it. - So, what am I bid for the board? Who'll give me 30? 30, come on – Reggie's sudden and instant change of topic, the eagerness he showed made Rory jump. The Australian almost lunged at the otter, but Tatsuhi held his wing firmly, his eyes warning the rockhopper of knowing his place. - DON'T TOUCH HIS STUFF, MAN! – an old yet powerful voice rang from behind Reggie. Before the otter could react, someone snatched the board away. Rory's lower beak dropped as he jabbed Tatsuhi on the ribs to make him look up. Loud gasps emitted from the crowd. Tatsuhi's usually slit eyes widened. Rory forgot to breathe for a moment. The long lost Big Z (though older and fatter) was standing in front of them. - Hey, everyone! – he greeted them, a little bit embarrassed. Someone shouted his name from the crowd. Big Z nodded then looked behind them: - Skank, what's happening, man? Got a little sand in your egg sac there, fella! Rory turned around and saw the most priceless face in history. Two old ladies, Zeke's girlfriends bombarded him with questions. - Oh, you know… - the old penguin muttered. –… I got lost for a little while… But that kid there, Cody… – he moved out of the way, revealing the small rockhopper with the disappeared shrine board under his wing. –… he pointed the way back. Okay, this was too much. Rory had to remind himself to breathe because he was so awestruck he even forgot to do that. The crowd gathered around Big Z. Tatsuhi was so amazed he couldn't say a word, just shared a look with Rory and in that look there was every unspoken word they had for Z and each other. Reggie of course wasn't about to give up but after Zeke shut him up, everyone forgot about the otter. The crowd followed him into the jungle, to the northern beach. Rory was coming too but not before he gave the signal to his… partners in crime. Tatsuhi looked over his shoulder and froze to his spot. Tank was screaming like a girl, holding the trophy that wasn't even his, surrounded by a swarm of chirping hatchlings. - Your face is priceless, mate – Rory smirked as he got next to him, admiring the scene. - You… did this? – Tatsuhi looked at him. - Organized it, more likely – the Australian said proudly. – Encouraged the kids to do it. - But… when? - During the finals. Guessed he would win, but he has the trophy anyway. Tatsuhi remembered. Rory did insist bringing drinks so he could disappear. The Japanese looked at the kids as they threw the trophy around, and he burst out in laughing. The two friends, roaring with laughter, followed the crowd to the beautiful northern beach. By the time they got there the sun was going down and the dark clouds disappeared. The orange light made everything even more astonishing. Z gave his old boards to those who needed them and soon almost the whole island was in the water. Chicken Joe had a bath with his new friends, the Penguans in a cauldron. Rory surfed with Kelly Slaters, the other pro besides Rob then joined to Tatsuhi on another wave. The two friends rode into a tube and to the land of fairytales also.[Chapter 10] He had a beacon before him even though it was dark in the forest. He had a role model who showed him to face with the past: Big Z. And if the legend could do it, so could he. Now that he thought about it, their stories were awfully similar. Both of them played their death to escape from their formal lives. Neither of them succeeded. They were forced to face their past by friends who wanted the best for them. He climbed over the familiar, tall stone fence that separated the villa from the forest. Like a shadow he sleeked from bush to bush. The villa was a two-storey white building with big windows. It was beautiful. He crawled to a window on the ground floor and pulled out an extremely thin and sharp knife from the backpack on his back. Let's see if James Nubbins had had an alarm installed into his office after last time. He slid the blade of the knife in between the window frame and the left jamb and started to move it up and down. A soft click was heard. He repeated it in the bottom then climbed up to the windowsill and he opened the upper lock too. Man, James could have at least changed the window's locks. He gently pushed the glass and it opened without a sound. He climbed in and closed it. The office was just the way he remembered it: long, rectangle shaped room with a door on the right side, a desk with two comfortable chairs just before the window, a crystal chandelier, a thick rug, two sofas around a small side table and 3 giant bookcases by the left wall, all of them had drawers on the lower parts. He calmly walked around, turned the light on, and pulled out James' journal from one of the drawers and went back to the desk. He looked at the ceiling. The master bedroom was just above the office. He pulled out two small clay vases. He didn't plan to cause any harm to the household. He lifted the first one and hurled it at the ceiling. The poor vase was crashed to pieces with a loud crash. He waited a minute before smashing the other on the floor. Then, as if nothing has happened, he calmly walked up to the chair, placed himself comfortably on it, leaned back against the wide back rest, opened the journal and turned towards the window. ... James woke up to a loud crash. And it was coming from his office! He jumped out of the bed and ran out of the bedroom. He heard another crash from the same place. He bolted through a short corridor that was filled with mirrors. He was a rockhopper with average height, bright orange beak and a long, proud, awfully yellow crest. His pattern wasn't complicated at all: one white spot on each side of his neck. He dashed downstairs but stopped at the office's door. The robber might be dangerous. He carefully opened the door and peeped through the crack. No one. He opened it a little more. Still nobody. He finally opened it wide and stepped in. Still nothing, except the brown fragments all over the floor and his chair facing with the window. He took a few more steps. What was going on here? - Oh my, so unfortunate! – the unknown voice made him jump. – Looks like last year the McBrin family left the business. I believe you have lost quiet a bunch of money. - Who's that? – James snarled at the chair. – Show yourself! - Now, now, be patient, please – the voice said. – I see you still managed to get the farms of three other families after that. And this one? Oh poor, Johnson, he won't even know what have hit him. - What are you talking about? - Your business, of course! What else? - Get out of my office or I will call the police! – James growled. - Call the police? Seriously? – the voice was mocking him. – You would do such a thing to me? I didn't steal anything nor did I destroy anything. Those fragments are from two vases I brought along the way… - YOU DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE! – James shouted. – Show yourself, creep! - Creep? – the voice turned cold. – So this is what I am to you? A creep? Do you even remember me… Dad? And the chair slowly turned around. At first James didn't know where to put the stranger, but then… That pattern, those grey eyes, that yellow crest (now brushed aside)… - Rory? – he whispered, eyes widening, wings shaking. – Son, is that you? - Have a seat, Dad – Rory said calmly. – Because now we will have a nice long talk. James slowly sat down, never breaking eye contact with Rory. - Is that really you? – he asked. – Or am I seeing a ghost? - Let's say I'm a… semi-ghost – Rory leaned back, the journal still in his wings. – We owe each other an explanation. Me, because I ran away and you… for these – he dropped the notebook onto the desk. James looked at the journal, then at his son again. - Dad, I… - Rory sighed as he leaned forward, wings and eyes on the desk. – You need to know this: I ran away from you because I was going mad here… - Why? You had everything— - Except friends… and surfing. And sincerity– Rory interrupted. – You didn't let me practice surfing— - Because it is a dangerous sport! – James said firmly. - Yes, I know. But it is also the way we penguins fly – Rory answered softly. – And I loved that feeling. You would have loved it too. But it wasn't the main reason, of course. I loved you Dad, but this… – he poked the journal as it was a dead rat. –… this scared me. Showed me your other side. Dad, what you are doing is horrible! - This is the way a farmer can improve – James' voice was hard and unquestionable. – This is our way, son— - I get it! – Rory snapped but fell silent right after that. – I am not here to change you, Dad. Mum tried… and she failed… - She showed it to you, didn't she? – James cocked his head to one side. – You were always just like her. - Say good things or say nothing about a dead! – Rory waved. - I wasn't saying bad things about her – James pointed out. – I was stating facts. - The point is… – Rory continued. –… She did show me all your deeds. And it scared me. Dad, you are treating other families as puppets! Objects! Like they don't have dreams and lives like you do. - Son, business is about cruelty – James shook his head. – If they were foolish enough to march right into a trap then so be it. - But those traps are not there originally! You set them up. - Yes, so? - Dad, how many lives do you want to ruin? – Rory asked desperately. – You ruined Mum's, wasn't it enough? - I did not ruin hers – James' eyes were like blades. - You did! – Rory snapped. – You just didn't notice it. Dad, Mum died because she was so desperate to help those families out, to stop you from wrecking more! She fell ill because of your stubbornness and she raised me against you out of fear that I would be the same. - What are you saying? – James hissed. – You dare to say I killed Amelia? - No. Your ways had killed her! – Rory growled then leaned back. – But as I said, I won't try to change you. I just came to tell you I am fine and have my own life. And I won't come back. James stayed silent. - Dad, I am finally truly happy! – Rory continued. – Do you have any idea what life is like out there? Let me tell you: it's hard, but it's also full of happiness and craziness. Things I could never experience here! True freedom lies over those fences, Dad. I have my own job, I live easily and I spend my time with friends… I met new buddies during the Big Z Memorial Surf Off! Life is an adventure, you see. And I'm enjoying every moment of it! -… Yet – James said simply. Rory paused. - You will see – the old rockhopper leaned back on the chair. – Don't want to come back here? Fine by me. But remember your old life when hardships will come. - I know they exist, Dad – Rory whispered. - Yet you act like you don't. - Why should I worry over things that are not even real? - Son, if someone born with such luck to have a rich family in his back, he should be grateful for it! Not throwing it away for some kind of crazy fairy tale! - I am grateful – Rory said. – I'm grateful for having this family for a while. It taught me a very good lesson: how to realize that you are being tricked and how to expose those who want to double-cross you. - Oh really? - You have no idea how well I've learnt that lesson – Rory nodded calmly. – But my new life taught me too. I have learnt how to survive. I know how to find friends in the crowd and how to rely on them. I know hard work, Dad. And I know sincerity. Something only Mum showed me here. - And did the truth make your life better? – James asked gloatingly. - Yes – Rory answered simply. – It opened my eyes. Truth hurts, yes. It hurts very much. But it's not unbearable and with time you can accept it or even change it. James snorted. Rory stood up and headed to the door. His father followed him. They were in the anteroom when the old rockhopper spoke again. - You know if you go out on that door, you won't be welcomed here anymore? – he asked coldly. Rory paused for a moment but only to place a small penguin figurine on a chest. It was made out of shells. He then turned to his father. - Yes, I know. But my job here is done – he said. – I just wanted to have a last talk before I leave. You have changed, Dad. I can't love you anymore… – he looked at the figurine. – Did you even tell little Susie I exist? If yes, then give her this… and tell her that her foster-brother sends his best wishes to her. He walked to the big front door, opened it, and with a soft \"Farewell\" he stepped out into the night without looking back. Note that I don't truly understand these business stuff, I just made it up. :) One more chapter to go! :O[Chapter 11] Last chapter. Enjoy :) Rory started saving money. It's been two months since he had that talk with his father, and he realized Tatsuhi had been right: he was no longer tensed on the streets, fearing of James spotting him out. His life became much easier. And he had a very good reason to save money. Not that he wanted to buy a new cottage or anything. He was perfectly fine with that place. He kept in touch with Tatsuhi via letters. The Japanese was fine though (and he admitted it only to Rory) he missed Pen Gu Island (and Rory's never-silent beak). He was glad when Rory told him about his chat with his father and that it went smoother than he expected. Rory blessed his own brain for reminding him to exchange addresses with Tatsuhi. The Japanese didn't mind at all. After a while Rory had a strange, crazy and awesome idea and he shared it with Tatsuhi. When he received the answer, he started his saving. But otherwise his life was peaceful. His friends, mainly Eric often vexed him to tell about the Surf Off and they wanted him to train them so they can get into contests too. Rory happily agreed to it, whenever he had the time, and didn't handle just his friends but other, smaller kids too. The rockhopper would have never guessed one day he would be teaching surfing. Guess he was getting older. He never lost sight of his true and main goal, though. He worked hard, catching even more fish for the market. Berta said he will have his own shop one day. Rory smiled at the idea. Maybe it isn't that impossible. Kate was proud at her hatchling, she often burst out in tears when she was talking with Rory. The rockhopper was such a grown-up for his young age, and Kate knew he would have a great life. He knew how to have fun without neglecting his duties and needs. The village, with its slow and peaceful life, watched over Bells Beach. Rory rode the waves more often, experiencing the freedom of flying. He couldn't have enough. And he was determined he would share this experience with others, mainly his \"students\". He rarely met his foster-sister, Susie in the market, when the little rockhopper escorted a menial to shopping. Rory always had small presents for the girl. She was very grateful and happy but she didn't act like she knew who Rory was. The rockhopper didn't mind it… he would not interfere with his father's decision. So instead of having a brother-sister relationship they were friends. And it was enough for him. One day enough amount of money gathered and he was ready to go. He said goodbye to everyone, reassuring them that he will return, don't they worry a minute for him. - Yo, man, you're leaving us again? – Eric almost cried as he squeezed out almost every bit of air from Rory while hugging him. – Fine, but hurry back! And bring souvenir with you! - I will – Rory laughed once he could breathe again. First phase of his plan: Sydney. ... Sydney was huge, just like everyone said. Rory actually liked that. The crowded, wide streets, the endless lines of buildings were something he rarely saw. He wandered around, visiting every square and main street as he drifted closer and closer to his (temporary) destination. Sydney was a port full of life. It had everything from stadiums to the Opera House with that funny looking roof that reminded Rory of some kind of fish with a spiky back. He spent minutes giggling over it as he imagined it coming to life and swimming away. The nearby Harbour Bridge wasn't ordinary either. Rory was mesmerized by the city, but he quickly snapped out of it as he reached his destination: the main harbor. As Sydney was a very important port, it had an improved shipping and whale-transport. Whale routes met here from all over the world. Hundreds of those mammals arrived and left every week, the traffic never stopped. He just had to find the right one. The main harbor had a centre and numerous smaller terminals. He was wandering in the centre, looking for something that would actually tell him where to go. Rory spotted out an check-in desk and rushed to it. A nice little Gentoo penguin was in charge. Rory eyed her up and down before deciding she seemed a nice gal. - Hey there! – he leaned against the desk, finally putting down his heavy luggage. - Good afternoon, sir! – she greeted him. – How can I help you? - You see, I am traveling to a very unusual place… at least for me… and I have never done this before. I just can't find my whale – Rory explained happily. – So… can you tell me where can I find it? - Of course, sir – the Gentoo penguin smiled. – What is your destination? - Kugenuma, Japan. THE END That's it, guys, thank you very much for reading, and sorry if it wasn't that enjoyable ^^\" I'm kind of new in writing stories, you know. Thank you for the reviews, especially to Animation Universe 2005 . :) P.S.: Oh, and sorry for making this chapter this short. ","Summary":" Okay, so I just LOVE Rory Nubbins (the Australian penguin) so I decided to write a fic about him. I"},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Tears of a Maverick","Author":"Animation Universe 2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5665966","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm BACK!! This fic is for Wolf Mystic and also to Cody the Maverick. Since December, I've been asked by Cody the Maverick to do Cody's childhood since her fic, 'Teardrops on my Iceboard' has been discontinued. So it's left to me to do this fic for her. I hope you like it and I hope I did my best as my version of Cody's past. Enjoy! Tears of a Maverick by: Terrell James Chapter 1: The Birth June 7, 1989 It was a cold night in Shiverpool, Antarctica, where the day, June 27th, became the day that all rockhopper penguins prepared themselves for the Blue-Moon ceremony, the birth of the newborn babies as they do every year. However, this day became the day that changed everything for the first time ever that one family have their own young that is completely different. Bob Maverick went in to check on his wife, Edna, who's sitting on her eggs to keep them warm. He looked at her and asked, \"How are we doing?\" Edna looked at him and realized that he became extremely confident and excited about the birth. She said, \"I see you're excited about our kids' birth?\" \"I am extremely excited about being a father. I'm actually looking forward for this birth.\" \"Don't worry so much.\" \"Me, worried? I am not that worried.\" Edna smiled at him and Bob was acting totally confident, but he sighed heavily and said, \"This is nerve-racking, but I hope some good can come from this.\" As excited as he was, Bob definitely feels like he's looking forward to his first and definitely his final egg-hatching ceremony, because this is his first time doing an egg hatching and definitely the last. Several hours later, as they were ready for the birthing of their hatchlings, Bob saw one of the eggs rolling out of nowhere in the snow as the skies turned dark and growing cold. Everyone started walking quickly, and Bob tried to keep up with the others, unaware that the egg is starting to slip from his arms. \"Wait for me! Wait for---No!!!\" Then, all of a sudden, it fell out of the snow and heading towards the freezing water that the patches of ice started to form up the water, leaving Bob in a panic-mode. The egg fell into the water and then, he planned to rescue his soon-to-be hatchling. \"I'm coming!\" He leaped in the air and plunged into the water to catch the egg before it gets too far from Shiverpool. He swam across the river to find the egg and all of a sudden, he sees sight of it and swam quickly than every other penguin that swam that quickly. He went underwater to get close to it and he sawm deep into the water and then, pops out of nowhere and catches it just in time. He breathed a big sigh of relief and whispered, \"Thank goodness.\" Several minutes later, he swam back to shore, his feathers wet, but lucky that he got the egg back and just in time for the birthing of the babies. He walked back nervously and then, he saw Edna walking with one egg and saw Bob carrying the other egg and she asked, \"Why are you all wet?\" Bob sighed heavily and said, \"Long story short. One of our eggs were almost lost at sea, but I finally caught it before it swam away from us. Talk about big rescuing.\" \"Well, at least he's safe from harm.\" \"Let's hope.\" As others gathered around seeing the new babies being hatched and hearing the penguins sing aloud for the blue moon to grow stronger, Bob and Edna were the last ones to see their newborn babies hatched. Bob was kinda nervous about what the outcome will it be. However, it was cool to see that it was okay to drop the egg in the sea, but not in the water, which worried Bob the most. As soon as all the eggs hatched, one of the Maverick's egss started moving and then, immediately cracked open and out came an almost bigger baby penguin and the others started seeing how cute it is. \"Awwwwww.......\" Bob and Edna were definitely happy to see their first newborn baby boy and Bob held him closely and Edna looked him and saw how cute he looked. \"He's a keeper.\" \"This is definitely the best one we've hatched so far.\" Edna said. \"I agree wholeheartedly. What should name him?\" He looked at his brown eyes and then, Edna came up with a perfect name for him. She then said, \"Let's call him 'Glen'.\" \"Why Glen?\" \"He looks like my cousin Glen.\" Bob looked at him and noticed that he does look like a Glen, and she told him, \"That's a good name. Glen Stephen Maverick.\" Then, all of a sudden, another egg is starting to hatch and Edna and Bob were able to witness the birth of another youngling. Two feet were popped out from the bottom of the shell and it started hopping out of place. The others were sort of laughing because they just think it's just cute. Then, as the egg started hopping, the other parts of the egg came loose and this penguin was different from everyone else, which no one expected. Everyone gasped in complete shock when they saw how small he is. Edna and Bob were definitely surprised about the birth of his second son. They looked at each other and Bob felt completely shocked. The little baby penguin was hopping around in the snow, chanting, 'Cold-y, cold-y, cold-y, cold-y....\" \"So, what should we name him?\" asked Bob. Then, Edna kept hearing the little penguin chant 'cold-y' several times and brought up a name for it. She said, \"Since he keeps saying 'cold-y' a lot, I think he's something special...kinda. We'll name him.....Cody.\" He thought long and hard about this name, but then he looked at his second son's brown eyes and said, \"Good name.\" Sooner or later, the other penguins looked at Edna and Bob, looking kinda surprised and also disturbed that their second son isn't like the other baby penguins, cause he's so much smaller. \"Come on, he's still normal. He's our boy, even though he's kinda...well, you know---\" \"DIFFERENT?!!\" the other penguins shouted. \"Yeah, that.\" Cody overheard that word and chanted, \"Diffy-want. Diffy-want. Diffy-want. Diffy-want.\" As Cody kept repeating the word, Edna and Bob were pretty sure that this situation would change their lives permanently, but Bob felt completely worried, thinking to himself, 'Is this birth my own fault? Am I responsible for this? No, of course not. I'm pretty sure that he'll be like everyone else as soon as he gets older....I hope.' It seems as though this is gonna be the most difficult situation because of Cody's difference. But the question remains: Is being different from the others will affect Young Cody for the rest of his life? One way or another, Cody's life is just beginning. Also, I've heard that January 11th was Wolf Mystic's b-day. Hope you like it and Cody the Maverick, I hope you like this fic. If I'm missing something, please let me know so I can edit it. I'm gonna post mroe chapters soon! Laterz!![Chapter 2] What's up? I'm back for more. I would like to thank Cody the Maverick for sending me a review of this fic and favoring it. Hopefully, the next chapter will be more awesomer! Let me know! Chapter 2: Different from Others A few days has passed by since Cody's birth and throughout most of it, every penguin in the entire Shiverpool area has kept most of their distances from him. It just seems as though Bob Maverick has predicted something like this would happen, but he knows some good can come from it...if only for a while. Throughout most of Cody's life, he's always been different from everyone else, just not the same as other penguins are. Most times, he's always been running off further away from his parents' igloo, which triggered a twinge of overprotection from both parents, mainly his dad. His dad was the only one concerned about Cody the most. Bob sighed heavily and felt completely floored about the situation since Cody's birth. He looked at Edna and asked, \"Are we doing the right thing for our kids?\" \"Yes, why?\" \"Well, I'm just not sure if one of our kids seem to be the same as everyone else.\" \"Who, Glen?\" \"No, Glen's fine. I-I'm just talking about Cody.\" \"I'm sure it's not that bad.\" \"You do realize that most of the others are always frowning down on us because Cody's birth became anything but a miracle, because he's so....small.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" \"You know how they are about outcasts! They'd avoid us.\" \"You're overreacting. You said so yourself that even though he's not normal, there's still some good coming from this.\" Bob sighed and said, \"I guess you're right. I mean, I just have to live with this whole thing. Besides, I'm pretty sure that tomorrow, both Glen and Cody will learn the process about fish.\" Edna chuckled and said, \"Well, let's hope for your sake.\" 'For Cody's sake.' he thought. The next morning, Bob has arrived with Glen and Cody to go to a school with other penguins and he was gonna teach them everything about fish. However, with Cody onboard, it just seems like it could be a very difficult position to be in that environment. Bob cleared his throat as he got to the front of the students and said, \"Good morning, class.\" \"Good morning, Mr. Maverick.\" the class replied. \"I would like to talk to you all about the fish and what we can learn from it. Now, what do you do if you see a fish?\" \"Swim with them!\" Cody blurted out. Most of the class were giggling silently and left Glen rolling his eyes in exasperation and then, he replied, \"Catch them!\" \"Correct, Glen. Now what makes you a better penguin?\" \"Play in the snow!\" Cody exclaimed. Then, the small giggles from the class turned into medium laughter and Glen groaned exasperatedly at his brother and said, \"Sit on the eggs to keep warm and store fish. If you play in the snow all day, I don't think that makes you a better penguin. Just a slacker.\" \"But if I play in the snow, that does make me a better penguin.\" Suddenly, the others were laughing loudly and Bob groaned heavily in exasperation. Then, Cody asked, \"What's a slacker?\" Then, the laughter became hysterical which left Bob a little bit embarassed about the whole thing, which is how he knew it would be the outcome after Cody was born. He sighed heavily and told him, \"A slacker is when you're not doing anything.\" \"Is that a good thing?\" \"No, it's not a good thing. Also, in order to work in a fish, you have to catch them and store them up in a pile. And of course, you have to bring the fish home to your families.\" \"So, they'll have to eat it?\" asked Cody. \"Yes, they have to eat it, Cody.\" \"What kind of question is that?\" Glen muttered softly. \"Now, what kind of animal do we fear the most?\" Bob asked. Cody took a guess and said, \"The fish!\" The class became quiet, but started laughing even more hysterical about what Cody said. Bob sighed and said, \"No, we don't fear the fish.\" \"That's right! The fish fear us! The whale is the one we fear about.\" \"Right again, Glen. It seems as though our class has been learning a lot.\" \"Well except for Cody.\" one classmate muttered. \"Students, just because Cody said some stuff that's quite....strange, just don't respond to it. After all, he is trying.\" \"Yeah, right.\" Glen muttered. \"That concludes our lesson for today. See you tomorrow, class.\" All the young penguins departed out of school, including Glen and Cody, until his father called him up. He said, \"Cody, can I see you for a second, please?\" \"Yes, papa.\" The conversation between Bob and Cody will come pretty soon. Stay tuned for it![Chapter 3] This is the inspiration from Cody the Maverick's 'Teardrops on my Iceboard' and it's turned into my own version of it. I hope you like this chapter! Chapter 3: Let Me Be Me \"I just want to talk to you for a minute, son.\" Cody walked over to his father's side and asked, \"Am I in trouble, papa?\" Bob sighed exasperatedly and said, \"No, you're not in trouble. I just want to talk to you, not just as your teacher, but as father and son.\" \"Okay.\" He just couldn't think of all the words to come up with to say to his son about the situation that occured just now. He sighed and asked, \"Remember those answers you said today?\" \"Yeah, what?\" \"Well, I think that's what's the problem. See, everyone seems to see you as kind of.... strange.\" \"Stran-dge?\" \"Yeah, strange.\" \"Why am I stra-ndge?\" \"Oh, man...how do I put this.... Let's just say that....everyone kinda treats you....differently than most penguins do.\" \"Diffy-want?\" \"Yeah, that.\" \"What is diffy-want?\" Bob felt his mind has gone completely blank. He tried to think of something to describe what different meant to Cody, but he's kinda too nervous to say about it, then he sighed and told him, \"Well, you're not the same as everyone else is. Just....not as normal.\" \"Is diffy-want....bad, papa?\" \"Well, no. Different is good. To everyone else, it's not.\" Cody sighed softly as his father puts his flippers on his shoulders to comfort him. He told him, \"Just because you're different from everyone else, it doesn't mean it makes you a bad person. Sometimes being different is a good thing. Okay?\" \"I guess.\" he said, sadly. \"What I'm trying to make is that you are different, but to me, you're just the same as you've always been. Just because you're small, it doesn't mean you can't get any bigger or taller. You're fine with just the way you are. Do you understand?\" \"Maybe.\" he said, with his head down, sadly. He puts his flipper on Cody's chin and saw his dad, smiling at him and said, \"You know what I think of you?\" \"What, papa?\" \"A special person.\" \"I am?\" \"Of course you are. You're a special person to me and your mother.\" \"What about Glen?\" \"Your brother thinks you're special. He just doesn't want to show it, but as you grow up, you will represent every penguin just like you and every penguin will one day find you special.\" \"You really think so?\" \"I know so and you will do me and everyone else proud. Even if I don't see you grow up, I can still remind you as the little penguin I've grown to love, even if you are....different. Do you understand what I'm saying?\" \"Kinda.\" \"Here's what I think will stick with you as you grow up-- if someone tell you you're not like them or if they call you different, just tell youself, 'Cody's me, let me be me.' Don't let anyone tell you, 'Cody's this, Cody's that, Cody's this', say 'Cody's me, let me be me.'\" \"Cody's me, let me be me.\" Cody continued chanting those words and had a little beat to it. Bob smiled at him and said, \"In time, you'll find yourself unique and something special.\" Cody smiled and said, \"Thanks, papa.\" \"Don't forget, say 'Cody's me, let me be me.'\" \"Yes, papa.\" \"Great. Tell your mother I'll be home late tonight.\" \"Where are you going?\" he asked innocently. \"To get some fish. I'll be back as soon as possible.\" Then, Bob walked away, leaving Cody walking home by himself, chanting, 'Cody's me, let me be me' on the way back home. As soon as he got to the igloo, his mother noticed him coming in. Edna came in and said 'hi' to Cody. \"How was your day?\" she asked. \"Good!\" \"Great. Where's your father?\" \"He said he'll be home late tonight to catch some fish.\" \"Of course, as always. Your father is completely relentless when it comes to fish.\" \"What's relentless?\" asked Cody. \"I'll tell you that when you get older.\" \"Guess what I learned from him?\" \"What did you learn from your father, besides fish, of course?\" \"Cody's me, let me be me!\" \"Shh! Not so loud. What does that mean?\" \"I don't know. I just like saying it.\" \"Well, okay then. Just don't say it as loud, okay?\" \"Okay.\" Two hours had passed by and still no sign of Bob anywhere. Edna was getting completely worried about him, wondering where he could be. She sighed heavily as she went out of the igloo to find where he is. She walked through the snow to find Bob anywhere. \"Where could he be? I know he's out late tonight, but it's growing too longer. Must be getting some more fish, as always.\" she said. Little did she know, as she was walking, Cody saw her leaving the igloo through the window and wondered where she was going. \"Where is mama going? I'd better go after her to find out what she's doing.\" Cody said. Then, he climbed out of the igloo window to follow his mom to where she's going, which is also the same to find his father to see where he is. They were completely unaware that it could be Bob's last day on earth and also Cody's last day of seeing his father again. Stay where you are because Bob's last day is coming up. Hope this impress you, Cody the Maverick! Keep a look out or the next chapter! It'll be totally AWESOME!!![Chapter 4] I wanted to make Bob's death become more dramatic and more cooler. Let me know if this is a cool chapter. Chapter 4: The Last Catch Edna walked towards Shiverpool to see her husband head out to the ocean to catch some fish. He was always swimming around the oceans of Shiverpool to find some fishes for his family. She sighed and didn't want her husband to find out that she's lurking about. Shortly after seeing that he's swimming, she turned around and returned to the igloo, hopefully to wait for him to come home. Meanwhille, Cody has been hiding in one of the fish piles without his mother noticing and as he saw her walking back to the igloo, he snuck towards the ocean to see what his father does best, which is catching a fish. He slid towards the icy parts of Shiverpool and headed closely towards the water, while Bob was unaware that his son was standing there, witnessing what he's attempted to do now. Then, Bob dived headfirst out of the iceberg as he saw a fish heading this way and into the water he goes to catch a fish. He swam underwater and starts popping in and out of the water to catch the whole fish. Cody couldn't help but watch his father catch a fish. Cody smiled at him and shouted, \"Get that fish, dad!\" Soon enough, Bob heard him while he was catching the fish, hopping in and out of the water. \"What are you doing out here?\" He turned around and saw Edna standing behind him and answered, \"Watching papa catching the fish.\" \"I thought you were outside. I just hope your father is safe.\" They both saw Bob leaping up and down the water to catch the fish when suddenly, he leaps up towards the air and lands back down the water. After a few seconds, Edna was anxiously waiting to see if he made it, whereas Cody was confident that he caught it. \"Think your father's all right?\" \"Uh-huh. Of course he is.\" They were waiting near the ocean to see if he caught it or not, and within a few seconds.... POW! A flipper comes out and in holds a fish. Cody gasped and felt totally amazed by his father's attempt to catch it. He shouted, \"You caught it, papa! You caught it!\" Then, his head pops out and swims towards a chunk of ice and he stands there, holding the fish and showing it to Cody and Edna. He panted heavily and told Cody, \"You see? Your father is the best fisher in all of Shiverpool!\" \"Great work, honey. Can you swim back to shore?\" Then, he felt something underneath the ice chunk and it was a bump. Bob didn't know what it is, then Edna asked, \"Are you all right?\" \"Yeah. I think I'll make it back in shore in no time.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"You're always doubting yourself. I'm pretty sure I can get back to shore. Easy peasy lemon--\" Then, a loud growl was heard from underwater and then, Edna asked, \"What was that?\" Then, Bob looks down the water and finds out what it is. He looks nervous, and then he looks at them and said, \"I'm pretty sure it's nothing. I'll just make it out as soon as I--\" Then, the growl grew even more louder and then, Cody asked, \"What is that, papa?\" \"I don't know, son. For all we know it might be a--\" Then, all of a sudden, in comes the animal that penguins fear the most of all. Then, Bob screamed out, \"WHALE!!!!\" The whale tries to catch Bob, but missed because he jumped out of the ice chunk and into the water. He threw the fish to Cody and exclaimed, \"Catch it, son!\" As Cody sees the fish thrown across the shore, he jumps over to catch it and holds on to it. As Bob tries to swim back to horse, the whale jumps out of nowhere in front of him and then, he leaps out of the air with his mouth open. Cody sees this coming and ducked his head down and screamed out a ear-piercing, \"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!\" throughout the entire area of Shiverpool. The scream echoed and for the longest time, there was silence. He opens his eyes and sees both his father and the whale gone. Edna and Glen were walking back to the ocean, shocked that there was no one in the ocean. \"Is he....\" Glen began. \"I knew this would happen someday.\" Edna said, tearfully. \"Mama, look at the fish papa gave us!\" Cody exclaimed, happily. Edna's eyes were filled with tears and said, \"I see he left this for us.\" \"Can we eat it now?\" She started to cry and said, \"No, we can't eat it right now.\" \"Why? Wh-where's papa?\" Glen and Edna looked at each other and there was no way he can explain to Cody that his father is dead. She sighed and held both his shoulders and said, \"Cody, your father....has gone away.\" \"Is he coming back?\" Edna sighed more heavily as the tears rolled down her eyes and replied, \"No. He's not coming back.\" It kinda hit Cody really hard to hear that his father isn't coming back. Then, his mother told him, \"Go back inside.\" \"Yes, mama.\" he said sadly. A single icy-tear rolled from his eyes as he walked back home, holding the fish behind him. It was hard for him to believe that his father is gone and that he's not coming back at all. He looked behind and whispered, tearfully, \"Cody's me, let me be me.\" It was just his way of saying, 'I love you, papa. And I will never, ever forget you.' It was sad, wasn't it? Well, I hope you like it. Also, Happy Birthday, Cody the Maverick! Stay tuned for more.[Chapter 5] This chapter was originally named 'Life After Dad', but was changed into the current name of the chapter you see now. I hope Cody the Maverick finds this impressive. Chapter 5: Downhill It had been two months since Bob Maverick has died and everything turned out even more different than ever. Glen and Cody returned to school, but this time, they had a new teacher who was being a lot more strict and knows everything about fish. The most difficult part was Cody answered a few questions that were not related to fish, which irriates the crap out of the teacher. He ordered Cody to sit in the back of the class, where some kids were giving him an extremely hard time with him, teasing and taunting him for some reason. But he managed to sneak out of the class to take a quick look at Shiverpool, just to explore a little bit without anyone noticing. One day, Cody slowly snuck out of class to take a quick-see to have some alone time. As he was walking, he walked towards a river, looking at it, then all of a sudden, he sees himself in there. As he looked at himself in the river, he starts thinking about his father and has that saying still stuck in his head. 'Cody's me, let me be me.' Even though it was a way of saying that he's just himself, it still gets stuck on his head and realized that what his father said kinda made sense to him. He sighed softly and whispered, \"I miss you, papa.\" It was beginning to feel like Cody's life could be downhill after his father's death and also, how would his difference would affect him for the rest of his life? He was beginning to feel a little sad about how his life will be if he is different from everyone else. He remembers every waking moment he spent with his father until the day he got eaten by the whale and witnessing it for the first time. He didn't know what his life would be without his father around to comfort and guide him and to encourage him to be himself. It was so difficult for him to believe that his father isn't here to guide him for the rest of his life, but he keeps hearing his father's words; 'You're a special person to me and your mother. Even if I don't see you grow up, I can still remind you as the little penguin I've grown to love, even if you are....different.' Those words were stuck on his head and will always remember the words that his father told him. As soon as Cody headed back, he sees a shadow figure standing in front of him and it was the new teacher, looking extremely ticked. \"MAVERICK!!!!\" he shouted, which gave the class more attention as he looked at the teacher shouting at Cody. It startled Cody a bit and the teacher looked furious and said loudly, \"Get back in this class right now!\" \"B-But teacher....\" \"No buts! I do not want to hear anything out of you, understand?!\" \"But I was....\" \"March right up to that classroom now!\" \"I was just....\" \"That's it! You are not permitted to talk in this class at all! And to prevent 'future sneak-outs', you will have guards watching you every second! Now, GO!!!!\" \"Yes, teacher.\" he said, sadly. He walked over with his head down and some students were looking at him and laughing at him, including his brother, Glen. Cody hung his head down and went to the back of the class, where a few students were picking at him. He turned himself around the others as the teacher came back to the class to teach more about fish. Cody sat there alone, curling himself up in a little ball and lowered his head down. Then, he rose up and turned back to the class, where no student noticed him. A single icy-teardrop fell from his eye and nobody noticed it. It was a plea saying, 'I want you back, papa.' He didn't know what was the cause or what the outcome of what he is that would turn Shiverpool upside down after his birth, but one way or another, one thing is for certain: He really is different. GASP! How cruel is that? I feel sorry for Cody. More of this fic coming soon! Trust me, it'll be totally awesome![Chapter 6] Now, 5 years later, things didn't remain the same, and Cody's life was anything but normal. Chapter 6: Un-mistake 5 years later.... It's been 5 years since Cody's birth and also his father's and in the years that followed, Cody's life went a little more bumpy with several kinds of ways of being different from every other rockhopper penguin in Shiverpool and he's been known to be an outcast, simply because of not-so normal moments. One day, the penguins in the school were all turning five, and it means it's time to graduate from school and into the fish pile. Most of them were ready to take the challenge to see how fish-piling goes as almost every other rockhopper penguin in Shiverpool does every single year. However, one rockhopper penguin has been growing a little, but not as taller yet. Cody has remained the same since day one of his birth that he's different from everyone else. Throughout the course of his life in 5 years, he's been tormented, teased by and ridiculed of because he was very smaller from everyone else and even Glen tormented him a lot, simply because that's what big brothers do. His childhood was anything but normal. Then, one day, all the penguins were all ready to participate in the school picture where they're graduating from kindergarten and into the fish pile, minus one penguin in the crowd. Back at the igloo, Cody was sleeping in his room, totally oversleeping and not knowing the fact that there was something important that day, but he was sleeping away and dreaming about what he wanted to do in his life. Suddenly, he opened his tired, blurry brown eyes, groaned softly and yawned. Then, he scratched his neck and sighed sluggishly and then, all of a sudden, it hit him hard that there was something very important happening. His eyes opened up quickly and said, \"The graduation ceremony! I completely forgot!\" He hopped out of bed, then ran as fast as he could to get in the picture with the other rockhopper penguins as they graduated from the school to the fish pile-up. As he ran outside in a hurry, he sees all the penguins, including his brother, Glen, all together for the ceremony. He panted as hard as he could and said, \"Wait! Don't start without me!\" The entire colony turned around and saw him run towards them. They all groaned, \"Not Cody....please.\" \"Sorry I'm late! I--whoa!\" Then, he slipped towards the snowy ice and slid down the snow, heading towards them. The crowd ultimately dispersed and Cody ran into some piles of fish and all of them were loose and most likely scattered around the snow. Then, more piles were scattered across the ice and Cody immediately stopped. He got up and saw the entire fish all messed up and out of place. The entire colony started at him and then Cody explained everything about it. \"I am so sorry about this! I overslept and I completely forgot that this was the graduation ceremony!\" \"Cody.\" \"I tried to make it as fast as I could, but I couldn't run fast enough to keep up with everyone else.\" \"Cody...\" \"And I am really, really sorry about this fish. It was just an . I didn't mean to make the fish fall down. I slipped and fell on the ice and then it just---\" \"CODY!!!!!\" Then, Cody stopped talking and the teacher sighed heavily and said, \"Just pick up the fish, please. You've already caused enough damage for today.\" The teacher walked away, nodding his head in disbelief leaving Cody speechless. He also told him, \"I am really sorry about this. I overslept, that's it.\" \"I don't want to hear it. Just....pick up these fish, please.\" \"But I--\" \"NOW!!!!\" he snapped. Leaving the other penguins just laughing at him and picking at him as they walked away. Glen went over to his brother and told him, \"Why couldn't you just be born a normal penguin for once?\" Then, he walked away without saying a word leaving Cody behind to pick up all the mess. It just seemed as though it's gonna take a long time to pick up the fish, let alone graduate. Cody sighed heavily as one icy-tear fell from his eye, knowing that his size really gave everyone else a much more harder time. Maybe he became more different than he thought he was. Very brutal, I know. Stay tuned for the next chapter![Chapter 7] Let's fast forward a year later....to when Cody was six. Chapter 7: Size Issue At age six, Cody's life could only get more worse than ever. Not only does he have to deal with the fact that he's different from everyone else, but to hear some comments about him that didn't seem to work well with him. Half of the colony kinda looked down on him, because he's the smallest part of the rockhopper colony. Since his father's , it just seems as though most of the memories of his father would fade slowly, because of dealing with people judging him, because of his size. It just seems as though most of them just wouldn't let Cody be himself. One day, Cody arrived a little late to pile up some fish and one of the penguins told him, \"You're late, Maverick.\" \"Sorry about that.\" \"No excuses. Just pile up the fish, please.\" \"Yes, sir.\" He walked towards his pile and looked up and saw a big pile of them. Cody sighed and muttered, \"This is gonna take forever.\" Then, he climbed up to the top of the pile and he sees someone throwing the fish and he caught half of them, though he missed several few. He kept up with the pace, though he was smaller than most of the others. He was able to keep a positive attitude towards it all. He caught most of the fishes and most of them got in Cody's face. Most of the penguins were a little irritated about Cody missing a few of the fishes and tries catching it with his flippers, but could slip and miss any given moment. Because he was small, it just felt as if they knew that his size would be a complete disaster when it comes to fish piling in the future. His fish piling and catching has been almost lacking, though most of them doubt that he will ever become a great penguin because he was not normal. After several hours of piling fish in the pile, he was able to go back home, besides getting a rocky start. As he started to walk home, however, one of the penguins called him and he came in front of him. He asked nervously, \"Y-Yes, sir?\" He sighed heavily and said, \"Well, I wouldn't say you did a good job, though you did pile most of the fish. The thing is, Maverick, how could I explain this? Your size is pretty much not what I would expect to pile fish.\" \"But sir, does it really matter that I'm different from everyone else?\" \"To your father, it doesn't. But to us, it does. We can only think that you will never amount to anything in your future.\" \"Well, I think I can still become a great penguin, though.\" \"How? You can barely climb a fish pile, and you'd still be small.\" \"What are you saying?\" \"The point I'm trying to make is, I seriously doubt that you can be anything you want to be when you grow up.\" \"Why, though?\" \"Because you were hatched smaller. We all knew for a fact that this is not gonna go well.\" Cody sighed heavily and said, \"So, this is all because I'm different?\" \"Different doesn't go well here in Shiverpool, but since you're born in this world, we might as well deal with it.\" \"I guess.\" \"Bring some fish home to your family.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Cody brought home several amounts of fish to take home and everyone else looks at him, carrying an amount of fish. Everyone seems to think that he can't carry every ounce of fish by himself, even if he's small, but all they can do is just look at him. Suddenly, as he came towards the igloo, he slipped between the icy snow and fell down on the ground, leaving the fish scattered about near the area. \"Not again.\" Cody gets up and sees all the penguins staring at him and looking at all the fish being scattered out of place. \"Sorry about that.\" Most of them turned away from him and continued going off in their business. Cody sat there and sighed heavily until he felt a touch from his shoulder. He turned around and there was his mother, standing behind him looking a little concerned. \"I forgive you.\" \"You're the only one who does. Everyone else doesn't seem to think that way.\" \"You shouldn't care about what other people think.\" \"I know, but it seems as though they're just doing this, because I'm so different.\" \"Well, there are good things about being different.\" \"Like how?\" \"Well....how do I put this, you're likeable, you're helpful, you....have some standards that never seems to come and.....\" Cody stands up and said, \"You really don't know much about this, do you, mom?\" She was standing there, a little speechless, then Cody walks back into the igloo to get away from the situation and to find some sanity and a little bit of alone time. I apologize for the shortness of the chapter, but this is all I came up with. Moving on....[Chapter 8] Take another step to another year and how Cody deals with most young penguins picking at his size, hence the title name of this chapter. Also, the early parts of how Big Z became a big name. Chapter 8: Picking At Cody A year has passed by and Cody, now seven, is thinking about what he wants to be when he grows up, but some others doubt that he will become everything he wants to be when he grows up because he's different from everyone else in Shiverpool. He sat there, in front of the igloo, thinking about what he wants to be. He knows he doesn't want to be in the fish-piling thing because to him it seems very boring for him, not to mention doing the same thing every day. He starts thinking, 'What do I want to be when I grow up? There's gotta be something.' All of a sudden, everyone starts talking about this new penguin named 'Big Z', who's a great surfer out of Pen Gu Island and it seems as though, every penguin in Shiverpool has caught a daily dose of 'Vitamin Z'. \"Do you see how cool Big Z was?\" \"Yeah, I've seen him perform the surfing competition in Australia. When he rode this brown carved surfboard and stood there, weightless?\" \"Oh, man! That was so epic!\" \"I wish you would've seen it.\" \"Man, I wish I would've, but I actually got to see him.\" \"Shut up! Really? When?\" \"2 months ago, when we were in Pen Gu Island, he saw me standing there in the ocean and he asked me to surf with him.\" \"Did you?\" \"Heck, yeah! He even brought me one of these awesome-carved boards and even signed his name there. How cool is that?!\" \"Oh, extremely cool.\" Cody overheard the entire conversation until someone turns around and whispered, \"Don't look now, but I think the little puny fish-piler is staring at us.\" \"Who, Cody Maverick? Man, he's a loser.\" \"I am not a loser! Why can't you guys let me be me for one second?\" \"Dude, you're smaller. You're only, like, six.\" \"Seven years old!\" \"Whatever!\" \"Yeah, I think you're too small to know who Big Z is.\" \"Do you even know what he does?\" \"What?\" \"Of course. He doesn't know. Surfing.\" \"What is surfing?\" \"It's some sort of sport that Big Z brought in and he rides around a board and floats it in water with the waves. It's pretty much the most amazing feeling. You'd have to be out of your mind to not know stuff like that.\" \"Maybe that's what I want to be when I grow up.\" The others looked at each other and started laughing hysterically. One penguin said, \"Yeah, right! How can you possibly be a surfer? You can ride around the water and a board wouldn't lift you up.\" \"Actually, every board holds up every size; big or small.\" \"Well, whatever. You still wouldn't surf. How could you make it back in shore?\" \"I can swim.\" \"Puh-leeze!\" \"Come on, guys. We don't ned to take this from that little runt.\" As the guys walked away, he shouted, \"I am not a runt! Just let me be me for once!\" The guys started laughing at him and even threw a snowball at him and said, \"Talk to the snowball!\" \"At least a snowball is twice the size as you are!\" \"That's because you're the bigger penguin.\" They all laughed at him, thinking that Cody should be better off being smaller, which pretty much hurt him a little, but nobody seemed to care. As they walked away, Cody sat at the snow on the ground and he felt some pieces of snow on his head, which brought him to tears. He walked back to the igloo and headed towards his room and started crying. He sat down on the floor, curled himself into a little ball, hid his head down and continued crying. It just tore Cody up to know that everyone else would make fun of him or judge him because he was smaller than everyone else. He asked himself this question, \"Why am I so different from everyone?\" GASP! How could these penguins be so mean to Cody? Poor Cody. Things will get better in the next chapter.[Chapter 9] And this is the moment where Cody meets Big Z! Chapter 9: Meeting Big Z 4 months passed by and everyone in Shiverpool has been affected with 'Vitamin Z', because they couldn't stop talking about Big Z. The entire rockhopper colony made a huge big deal when it comes to Big Z, though most of them never heard him. Young Cody Maverick has heard a lot about Big Z and how they were talking about him non-stop and Cody wanted in on the action, despite the fact that he's too small and different from the others. He walks towards the other penguins and hears the entire conversation of Big Z and he's very interested in seeing him in person. 'Wow! Wouldn't it be great if I met him in person? That would be cool.' Cody thought to himself. Besides of being small, he's always dreamt of doing something big when he grows up and is being really good at it and wanted the world to see it. He never knew that seven years of his birth would go by so fast, other than being small and different from everyone else. A few days has passed by and Cody is grew just barely taller, but still kinda small. He's almost used to being ridiculed and teased by everyone mostly of his peers and sometimes, kinda ignores it at times, which became kinda difficult for him to even get used to the fact that he's just different as everyone else. When suddenly, something out of the ordinary breaks out.....exciting news. \"Hey, did you guys hear?!\" \"No, what?\" \"I heard that Big Z is on tour!\" \"And you're happy about this because.....?\" \"He's stopping in Shiverpool today!\" \"What?! Are you serious?!\" \"Dead serious.\" \"Do you know how awesome it is to even meet him in person?!\" \"He also said he's giving most everyone a Big Z necklace.\" \"I heard it's the hottest thing ever made in Pen Gu Island.\" All of a sudden, Cody walks in and overheard the entire thing. He looked extremely excited as ever that he heard that Big Z is coming to Shiverpool. It's like the best thing for him has definitely happened for the better. \"I can't wait to see Big Z!\" Cody exclaimed, softly. Several hours has passed and most everyone was definitely looking forward to see the whale come out and that Big Z is in that whale. Most of them were excited and others were anxious to see him, knowing that this is really happening, like they're anticipating the wait of a century. \"You nervous about meeting him?\" \"I'm nervous and excited and also anxious and definitely relieved all at the same time.\" \"I know. We can hardly anticipate the wait.\" Not too long, they heard the sound of a whale coming from far behind and most of them paused in excitement and anticipaton to see that whale heading towards Shiverpool. They all turned around and they see the whale spouting out of nowhere, along with a few other penguins and also, Big Z in it. The crowd fell silent and had a ginormous full of anticipation to see this happening. As the penguins stood there, Big Z was the one standing in the front of the whale, holding his surfboard, looking at the entire crowd, like they're looking forward to this moment to come alive. Cody sees the whale coming in and for a second, he knew it. He knew it was him and that he felt his presence towards him. 'He's here.' he whispered. Then, he starts running towards and is stopped when he sees the crowd coming in and tries to get through it. Before he could even get to it, he sees Z jumping out of the whale in the water, with his board and then, the water floats him over, which left the crowd 'ooooh'ing and 'aaaahhhing' with excitement. Cody saw the entire thing and wanted to get a lot closer to it and he thinks that he's gonna be the first to meet him. As Z got to shore, he saw the crowd, looking very excited. On the outside, they were silent and still while on the inside was screaming, 'Oh my gosh, he's really here!', because they knew that to see his presence, they stayed entirely silent just for him. Cody saw him walking towards the entire colony and has gotten through the crowd to get to him until.... He got out behind two penguins and stood in front of his hero, in person. Cody fell completely silent as Big Z looked at him for a while. He chuckled and asked, \"What's your name, kid?\" \"Cody Maverick.\" \"Great name.\" \"Thanks.\" Z chuckled as one penguin passes him the Big Z necklace and then, he gave it to Cody as he puts it on his neck. Cody looks at it and he is definitely speechless. He looks up at him in the eye and smiles at him, then tells him, \"Kid, never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do. Can you remember that?\" Cody was completely happy as heck and said, \"Yeah. Thanks.\" \"No problem. Nice meeting you, kid.\" \"You too....Z.\" Z rubbed Cody's head and it was very amazing for him that he never said a word about his size or that he's different and he brought his, 'anyone can surf, big or small' attitude and that it became the first time that he never judged him of his size or shape and it intrigued him. All the others were walking and one bumped into Cody as he fell down on his knees, as everyone gathered around Z. He was talking to some of them and everyone else has never seen a penguin like Z before to be a good example to everyone, including himself, like they were dying to meet him and actually talk to him. Cody looked at Z and at that moment, he already found a hero that he can look up to, no matter what anyone thinks of his size or how different he is, only he can do great things and have the extreme persistence to do anything he can set his mind to. 'He's the greatest. One day...one day, I'm gonna be just like him.' Cody thought to himself. Big Z hopped out of Shiverpool with his board, as he paddled back to the watetr and as the small wave comes up, he stands up and floats on it, while the whale's flipper helped him back up in the whale. He looked back and saw everyone standing there, amazed and excited. He waved at them and said, \"Great seeing you all in Shiverpool! Catch you on the flip side!\" All the other penguins were cheering for him as the whale departs Shiverpool and everyone has left a good feeling, meeting Z for the first time, but the one who's more excited about it was Cody. He looked at his Big Z necklace and remembered those words; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' As he looked at it, he kept those saying locked on this head as adjacent to 'Cody's me, let me be me' that his father said to him. Those two sayings were remembered and has been locked in his cranium and will be remembered throughout most of his life. Most of the penguins looked at Cody's necklace and one said, \"Kid, you are so lucky.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Don't mention it...ever.\" Everyone walks away and gets back to their lives and Cody looked at the Big Z necklace and noticed that Big Z is a big influence to him and saw him for the first time surfing the waves in Shiverpool and said to himself, \"That's what I want to be when I grow up, be a surfer like Big Z.\" Looks like this could be the start of what his life should be. Why couldn't this happen in the movie? Stay tuned for more![Chapter 10] Let's go where after Cody met Big Z for the first time and tells his mom what he will be in the future. Chapter 10: Cody's Future Choice A few hours after Big Z's visit to Shiverpool, Cody walked back home to the igloo, where he sees his mom, standing in front of the igloo. She looked at him and saw the necklace he has hanging on his neck. She asked, \"Cody, what's that you have on your neck?\" He looks at his Big Z necklace and told him, \"Big Z gave me this necklace.\" \"You mean, the new surfer from Pen Gu Island?\" \"Yeah, that's him.\" She looked at the necklace and said, \"That's very nice, Cody.\" \"Mom?\" \"Yes?\" \"I finally decided what I wanna be when I grow up.\" \"What's that?\" \"A surfer.\" Her eyes grew widened and didn't know what to make of it. She chuckled nervously and asked, \"A surfer? Like when people hold on to their boards on the water and then do some tricks to it?\" \"That's the one.\" \"You don't want to be involved in some of these things. Aren't they kinda....dangerous?\" \"No, not really. It's mostly what they do and they're famous for it.\" \"Well, I can understand that it's a job for them, but everyone around here is doing what they do best--fish piling and hatching eggs.\" \"Well, I think it's kinda boring.\" \"How so?\" \"Who wants to spend the whole day sitting on some eggs and get smacked in the face with someone throwing the fish?\" Edna didn't quite get the last part and she said, \"I'm not even sure how to respond to that, but all I'm saying is, I just want you to be safe.\" \"I know, and I'll probably try it when I get a little older.\" \"I'm still not sure about it, but let's see how that works for you.\" \"Okay, thanks, mom.\" Cody walked inside the house and Edna sighed heavily and shook her head and whispered, \"Kids these days....\" As Cody went to his room, he saw Glen walking around the igloo and he saw him with the Big Z necklace. He stopped him and asked, \"Where'd you get the necklace, shrimp?\" \"None of your business.\" Glen yanked Cody's flipper and he grunted in every effort in order for Glen to release him. \"Let me go, Glen! Come on, this isn't funny!\" \"Is that a Big Z necklace?\" \"Yeah, how'd you figure it?\" \"Everyone around the fish pile keeps talking about these things and that surfer dude.\" \"He's not just a surfer dude. He's the greatest surfer in the entire world.\" Glen made a raspberry, which made Cody ticked. He struggled with every attempt to take Glen down, but all Glen could do is laugh at him. Eventually, Glen puts Cody down to the ground and he stormed off in his room. \"Is that even it?\" \"Someday, I will get out of Shiverpool and become the greatest surfer in the world, just like Big Z! You'll see! And we'll see who's laughing now!\" Glen rolled his eyes and scoffed at him and muttered, \"Whatever. Loser.\" Cody sighed heavily as laid down on his bed on his room, thinking about what that situation had occured just now. He looked at his Big Z necklace and remembered what Big Z said to him, earlier; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' As he looked at it, he starts thinking that maybe when he's older, he will find a way to be the best that he can be. 'I may be different from everyone else, but I can do great things. One day, I will show the world that it's okay to be different from everyone else and what matters is what everyone thinks of themselves. They just don't understand me. But they will.....I hope.' He still has the old saying locked in his head that his father gave him; 'Cody's me, let me be me.' The only issue is that most of the colony doesn't seem to accept Cody for who he is and all the comments were, 'Cody's this, Cody's that, Cody's this', which made him a little frustrated that he was different from everyone else and felt totally misunderstood. One question still remains unanswered: Will Cody let him be himself? That question still remains unanswered. How will this go on? Stay tuned for more of this awesome story![Chapter 11] One part about Cody's difference is dealing with the bullies. See how this came to be. Chapter 11: Dealing with Bullies A year later, Cody was eight years old and still has that Big Z necklace he's got hanging on his neck that Big Z gave last year, which is an amazing feat for him. So far, most things haven't changed much. He's still a little small, but he's dealing with it in a sense that he was expecting. Other than that, he's growing a little bit, only by an inch and a half. Cody was walking towards the ocean, just looking at it, thinking that he might practice surfing the waves one of these days, when he gets a little older. The wind starts blowing through short rockhopper brows and he stands there with his arms crossed and just thinking about one situation after another. He just had a really tough day, because of some bullies picking at him, because of his size and also, because he was wearing the Big Z necklace, which grew a little envious and also irritated by some other penguins. Earlier that day \"Hey, Maverick!\" Cody turns around and sees two young penguins, taller than him, looking for some trouble to cause young Cody. \"What, you ain't gonna speak to us?\" \"Can you guys just leave me alone?\" asked Cody. \"What if we don't want to?\" \"We might want to mess you up, short stuff!\" The young penguin laughed hysterically and so did his friend, which made Cody grew a little irritated. He scoffed and then walked away from them, but the penguins weren't through with him yet. He yelled, \"Hey!!\" Cody already stopped and then turned to the other penguins and one of them got rolled up his knuckled flipper and his eyebrows were lower and he said, \"No one walks out on us!\" \"Well, I just did.\" Cody said. \"Since when did Big Z gave you that necklace, anyway? He probably felt sorry for you because you're small.\" \"Yeah, and so puny!\" \"That's a lie! Big Z only gave it to me, because I was standing in front of him.\" \"Big deal!\" \"How come he gave you the necklace and we didn't?\" \"He saw me first!\" \"Listen, Maverick. Why would anyone give you this necklace, especially a dude like Big Z, anyway?\" \"Because he's my hero and I will grow up to be like him someday!\" The two penguins looked at each other and they burst out laughing. Cody grew really mad and started to walk away, but the penguin caught him by the ankles and he started beating him up, giving him a black eye and then, he yanked the necklace out of his neck, prompting him to throw it to his friend, in order to tease Cody with it. \"Go long!\" Then, his friend saw the necklace and he threw it to him and he caught it to him. Cody has tried everything he could to get it back, which made him more ticked as ever. \"Come on, you guys! Give it back!\" \"Make us!\" Then, Cody saw the fish piles and then, he climbed towards the pile and he saw one of the bullies throw it in the air and all of a sudden, Cody jumps up and catches it with his flippers and he got down on the ground. \"Hey! You're gonna pay for that!\" Then, he starts running behind him and hee caught him and grabbed him by the flippers and then, him and his friend went in and beat him up in more ways than one, then he picked him up and threw him in the river. Both of them laughed hysterically at Cody and he shouted, \"Hope you can paddle!\" Then, they walked away without a bit of remorse, feeling good about themselves for tormenting Cody. All of a sudden, Cody's head starts popping out of the water and he starts swimming back to shore, coughing a little and then, he starts panting heavily. He felt super-mad that those guys treated him this way, because of his size and everything. Back to reality.... He views this day as the worst thing he's ever faced with and has to deal with it, every single day of his life. There was nothing he could do about it and he just felt like this whole situation with his size and being different from everyone else has taken its toll on Cody. He looks down on his Big Z necklace and tries to make a positive outcome on it, but it's hard to do that, because his father wasn't present in his life and has very little memory of his father and has to put up with his older brother's constant teasing and taunting, because of the way he is. For Cody, life just wasn't fair for him and he starting to believe that maybe being different is not as easy as it is. Is that unfair or what? I feel so sorry for him! Stay tuned for the next chapter![Chapter 12] Cody has viewed himself as an outcast and this chapter will explain why he's different from everyone else. Chapter 12: Outcast Could life be any worse for Cody Maverick? Other than having no friends, how he is made it so difficult to make any friends at some point, because it just seems as though nobody wants him around, except for his mom. Not sure, but Cody really is a loner. Cody is still standing on the ocean, looking for some peace and also some alone time on his own. He looks in the river and sees his reflection for a short time, but got really frustrated and puts his flippers on the water, causing it to splash it at him, then he stopped and looked at his reflection again, thinking that he really si different from everyone else. It just shows how different Cody really is and how he tries to strive to just let everyone be himself. Cody sighs heavily and lowers his head and closed his eyes to sort of get away from everything, when a flipper touches his shoulder. He looked up and sees his mother behind him. She asked, \"Cody, what are you doing here?\" \"Just thinking.\" \"Oh, about what?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Is something bothering you?\" Cody groaned frustratedly and asked, \"Why am I so different?\" \"Well, it just means that maybe you're not the same as everyone else, but it doesn't mean it's that bad.\" \"It's bad to me.\" \"Don't say that.\" \"But, everyone says that I'm not like--\" \"It's just that--\" \"Everyone says that--\" \"Never mind what everyone else says. It's only because--\" Cody felt a little angry and exclaimed, \"Look at me!\" Edna sighed and gave him a smile and said, \"I know, Cody. I understand how hard it is when you're not like everyone else when you're only trying to be yourself.\" \"I just don't have any friends.\" \"But there's a good part of being different.\" \"How?\" \"You can do sorts of things that no one else does and be really good at it.\" \"Like what?\" \"Well, you can do whatever you want or something like that.\" Cody sighs and doubts that maybe him being different would be a burden to everyone in Shiverpool and could cause most problems towards most of them. She told him, \"I can assure you that you're not an outcast.\" \"Then, why doesn't anyone like me?\" \"Well...some kids are just mean. They just love to say things that makes you feel bad and they think that makes them cool.\" \"Why can't they just stop?\" \"It's hard for them. It's something they'll have to do on their own.\" \"I don't know, mom. It's kinda hard for me to make new friends.\" \"I can assure you that maybe you'll find a friend that will pretty much understand you in every single way and you won't feel so alone anymore.\" \"You sure?\" \"I'm sure. It will take some time, though.\" \"Well, how long?\" \"Pretty soon.\" \"Okay.\" Then, she told him, \"Close your eyes.\" Soon, Cody closed his eyes and he puts his hand on his stomach and then, she told him, \"Forget what you see. What do you feel?\" Then, he said, \"My heart.\" \"What does your heart tell you?\" Then, he started thinking about it for a while and he opened his eyes and looked at her and he told her, \"Just be myself.\" \"There you go. No matter what you do, you can still be yourself. Don't worry about what everyone else thinks of you and who should you be or who you are. All that matters is what you think of yourself.\" Cody didn't quite get it at first, but then he thought about it for a while and it started to make a bit of sense to him and realizes that it might be something his father would say. He looked at him and said, \"I think I understand now.\" She smiled at him and said, \"That's my little Cody.\" Cody giggled a little and she gave him a hug. She told him, \"Whatever you do, I know you will make me proud.\" \"You think so?\" \"I know so.\" \"Thanks, mom.\" She kissed him on the forehead and walked back to the igloo. That conversation made Cody feel a little bit better and it feels as though he wasn't so alone anymore. He looks at his Big Z necklace and still has these words stuck on his head and some good can come from this. We can only hope for a little while. Heartwarming, isn't it? Hope you guys like it! Stay tuned for the next chapter![Chapter 13] A little thing about Cody's dad... Chapter 13: About Dad One year later.... Cody Maverick is nine years old and he's growing a little more, but still more different from everyone else, that hasn't changed much, he's still the same Cody Maverick from day one. Most of the rockhopper colony in Shiverpool are still not used to his size, but they're dealing with the fact that he is different and that's the way he is. He's still wearing the Big Z necklace that Big Z came and gave it to him two years ago and he still feels as though surfing is his main priority and he wants to follow in Big Z's footsteps. Ever since he was hatched, thigns took a turn for him and often times, Cody feels as though that he has no father figure in his life, besides the fact that his father died from being eaten by a whale. Since the tragedy, some of memories of his father were disappearing as he get older. He never really got to know his father that much, but still remembers the sayings that his father told him; 'Cody's me, let me be me.' He's kept the same saying as he grew up and has been trying very hard to be himself, but it became very difficult to do so, because of some people judging him and tormenting him, his brother Glen in this case. With his necklace, he looks at it and remembers those next words that still keeps locked up in his head; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' It seems as though he never had a father figure growing up and it just became him, his mother and Glen. Somehow, it seems as though that there was no role model in his life, besides Big Z. It just filled him up with so many unanswered questions about his father that nobody knew about. Feeling this way, Cody walked over to the igloo and saw his mom, just sitting on the couch. He walked towards her and said, \"Hey, mom.\" Edna turned around and saw Cody there and she said, \"Hi, Cody.\" \"Hi.\" \"What is it?\" \"Can I ask you something?\" \"Sure, hon.\" He sat down next to her and said, \"I want to ask you about dad.\" She froze for a bit and didn't expect that question to come out of Cody's head. She blinked her eyes a few times and remembered some memories about her husband and then, she looked at Cody and told him, \"Sure.\" \"Why did dad want to catch fish?\" \"Well, it's kinda the way he is. He's always finding some ways to catch a fish, talking about fish and everything there is to do with fish. Your father has always been talking about fish since we first met. I liked him because he was always funny, reliable and really sweet. And at that point, I just felt as if I wanted to marry him and have some kids.\" \"When I was born, did I look---bad?\" She's referring to the moment when Cody was born a small penguin and not very much normal. She viewed it as a moment that was deeply shocking and very unexpected. It's been over nine years since Cody's birth and the situation that occured since then. Then, she turned to Cody and said, \"No. You never looked bad. Just....different.\" \"I've been hearing the word 'different' my whole life. Is that a bad thing?\" \"To everyone else, it is. To me and your father, it's not. You were our whole world.\" \"Sometimes, being different is bad to me. Most of the penguins keep giving me a hard time and they always judge me, bully me, criticize me because of my size and how I am. And sometimes, it just feels as though it's not comfortable with everyone.\" \"Well, like I said. It's just gonna take some time until they're used to it.\" \"How, though?\" \"Well, just ask yourself this question: Am I happy just the way I am?\" There was a long pause. Cody thought about this for a sec and then, realized that maybe being a little different is a good thing for him, even though people don't see it that way. He's been lonely most times and sometimes misunderstood. He sighed heavily and told her, \"Yeah.\" \"See? That's what I want you to know. Just because you're different, it doesn't mean you're a bad person. Just be happy with the way you are.\" Cody smiled a little and said, \"Right. I'll do that. Thanks, mom.\" \"You're welcome, sweetie. I love you.\" Cody gave her a hug and she hugged him back and he said, \"Love you too.\" Then, they release and Cody went off, but not without asking the last question. \"Mom, did Dad love me too?\" She looked at Cody and then, told him, \"Yes. He did love you, whether you're different or not. He loves you just the way you are.\" Cody smiled a little and said, \"Me too.\" Okay, definitely the most sweetest part of the story! Moving on.....again.....[Chapter 14] Thought up an awesome idea for this chapter. What if Cody had a nightmare that everyone in Shiverpool was gone, his brother and mom dead and a whale that ate Cody's dad ate him? Mix them all together and what do you get?! An awesome chapter! Check this out. Chapter 14: Cody's Nightmare It was late at night and Cody was tossing and turning in his sleep, just thinking about something really bad happening. It's like the whole thing could be real, but it can't. Nightmare Cody was looking around in the cold winds of Shiverpool and the snow was blowing really hard that it was hard to walk past it. It was a constant struggle to find where he is and where his home is, but things would suddenly grow worse. \"Cody......!!!!\" He turned around and heard that voice out of nowhere. Then, as he saw something, he saw a rockhopper penguin catching a fish and waving at it. \"Dad?\" he whispered. Then, he couldn't see him anymore and that it was a shadowy figure of a whale eating him alive. Cody gasped in horror as he saw the whale eating his father up. He got down on his knees and screamed, \"NO!!!! Why did you do this to my dad?\" Some tears were falling from his eyes, but the snow was blowing so hard that his tears were frozen. He panted in fear and started running. He tried so desperately to run back to his igloo, but it was too far away. All of a sudden, he got hit in the head with a snowball and heard some penguins laughing at him. He couldn't see it, but he could hear what they're saying about him. \"You'll never amount to anything!\" \"Why would anyone be your friend? Nobody likes you, small-fry!!\" \"You seriously cannot be Big Z!\" \"You don't even know jack about surfing!\" \"You're a nobody! Got that?! A NOBODY!!! N-O-B-O-D-Y!!!!\" \"I don't think your size will be a good way for everyone in the colony, because we doubt that your future will be a good one.\" \"You will never go far in life!\" \"You know what you are?! A loser! A LOSER!!!!! You will always be a loser!\" The sounds of them laughing and taunting him has gotten under Cody's skin and it just horrified him. He covered his head to quit hearing everything they said. \"Please stop it! I can't take it anymore!! Stop talking about me!\" Cody shouted, with tears in his eyes. Then, he runs away from the voices and then, looks at himself in the water, whch all of a sudden, pops in a whale from his reflection. Then, he stood back in fear and out of the blue, the whale that ate his dad looked at Cody and backed away really slow-like. He snarled and then, hopped out of the water to get him, but he missed and headed back to the water. Cody panted in fear and jumped out of the island and into the water. He swam and swam towards the water, looking for a place to hide, but there's so much water out there, that it's difficult to find a hidden place. He stopped and stayed in the middle of the ocean, thinking abiut going back to Shiverpool to find his way home. But it wasn't enough. He felt something under the water and he was afraid to look under, because he knows that there's a whale coming this way. He shuddered in fear and started swimming to find a highest peak in the ocean. Then, the whale comes faster and pops out of the water to catch Cody, but splashed back to the water. The waves have pushed him through the water and he's swimming over to find a common peak and he saw something there. He swam towards the other end of the ocean while the whale chased him and he climbs towards an iceberg. As he got to the top, he saw everything from up there and hopes to get back to his igloo. Then, he sees the whale coming this way, jumping up to eat him and then, he jumps out of the iceberg and swam all the way back to the island and he lost the whale for a second. Cody quickly ran to the igloo and once he entered inside, he hoped his mother and Glen was there. \"Mom! Glen! Mom, Glen. Where are you guys?\" As he was walking, Cody walked towards the living room and saw his mom laying there. He thought he was asleep, but as he tried to wake her up, he sees some blood on her back. He gasped in shock and noticed that his mom was dead. \"No.... No.... No, please! Don't do this to me, mom! Don't.....\" He started breaking down in tears and held her closely. Then, he started sobbing hysterically, like he couldn't believe that his mom is really gone. Then, he starts thinking of Glen. So he went towards Glen's room and finds out that Glen is also dead. He was very shocked and became in complete disbelief. He backed away slowly that two of his family members were dead and he was the only one standing. He gets out of the igloo and walks towards Shiverpool. The heavy winds were gone and there was nobody there but Cody. One-by-one, everyone has disappeared and Cody became the only one standing. He felt really scared that everyone has died and disappeared. It's like everyone has gone and left Cody abandoned in Shiverpool. Tears filled his eyes and got down to his knees and started crying. Cry he did without a care in the world. It's like the scariest thing that ever happened to him. \"Why did you have to leave me here all alone?\" All of a sudden, he heard a low growl out of nowhere and he turned around and gasped in shock to see the whale coming in towards Cody. Then, he pops up out of the water, with his mouth open. Cody started screaming and all of a sudden.... Back to reality.... Cody woke up, screaming loudly. Then, he opened his eyes and looked around and it was all a dream. He panted heavily and felt completely scared after that. He looked at his Big Z necklace for a few seconds and then, some tears were falling out of his eyes and into the necklace and he broke down crying. Suddenly, Edna came to his room and saw Cody crying in his bed. She came over to him and puts her flipper on his shoulder. Cody gasped softly and turns around and sees his mom there. He couldn't stop crying and hugged her tightly. She embraced the hug as well and whispered, \"It's okay, Cody. I'm here.\" \"It was a bad dream.\" Cody whispered. \"Well, it's all over now.\" \"Everyone was....gone and it was so bad.\" \"It was just a nightmare. It's okay. You're safe now.\" Poor Cody! Cody the Maverick, hope this impresses you a lot![Chapter 15] Maverick turns 10! Chapter 15: Tenth Anniversary June 7, 1999 The day marks the 10th anniversary of Cody's birth and Cody Maverick actually turns 10 years old. It's been a full decade to being hatched and being different in all those 10 years. The rest of the rockhopper colony in Shiverpool couldn't believe that 10 years has passed by so quickly because of Cody's birth. It just feels like it just came here and it didn't go by so quickly. \"Can you believe it's been 10 years since we've witnessed Cody's birth?\" \"I can hardly believe it.\" \"Remember the blue-moon hatching ceremony?\" \"How could I forget? It's like the biggest birthing ceremony in the history of birthing ceremonies. When the Mavericks' kids were born, one came out okay and as for the other one....\" \"When that kid first hatched, his little feet popped out under the egg.\" \"That was so funny and so cute.\" \"Yeah, then the entire egg cracked open and.... he was anything but cute.\" \"I know what you're thinking. He was too small.\" \"Anyways, that was the one moment that still to this day, wish we could say that it didn't happen.\" \"We had to deal with this kid for 10 years now since he was small.\" \"I'm not so sure what he'll become in the next 10 years or so.\" \"I've heard that he's gonna become a surfer like Big Z.\" Most of the penguins were in shock when they heard that Cody will be a surfer someday. \"Cody? A surfer?\" \"He can't even swim on a board!\" \"What possessed him to become a surfer?\" \"Well, three years ago, Big Z came over to Shiverpool and all of a sudden, as he was walking, in comes Cody in front of him and he ends up getting the Big Z necklace.\" \"I'm guessing he looks up to this guy.\" \"It seems as though time has passed by so quickly.\" \"Yeah, it has.\" Back at the igloo, Cody was sleeping in his room and most of his feathers were molting a little bit. He groaned sleepily and opened his blurry, tired brown eyes, and got himself out of bed. As he was walking, he went through the living room, seeing his mom there. \"Hey, mom.\" he said, sleepily. \"Good morning, Cody.\" She looked at him and it was unexpected. He was growing a little taller, but not quite there yet. She could tell that he's getting a little older. She smiled and said, \"So, how does it feel being 10 and all.\" \"Today's my birthday?\" \"Yes. You've been talking about non-stop most of yesterday.\" Then, it hit him. Today was June 7th. He looked up at the icy calendar and realized that it is Cody's birthday. He said, \"Oh, you're right. It is my birthday.\" \"Yep. Can't believe it. 10 years old.\" \"Has it been that long?\" \"Yes, it has. But it seems like it was just yesterday.\" \"How long ago was it?\" \"Ten years.\" \"Wow, that's a long time.\" \"Long time coming.\" \"Hey, pipsqueak. Happy birthday to you.\" Cody chuckled and said, \"Same to you. It's also your birthday too.\" \"I know. I just like to say my day is better than yours.\" Edna chuckled and said, \"You two are really growing up. It just seems as thought you two were little eggs.\" \"Come on, mom. Not that story again.\" \"Yeah, we've heard it 982 times.\" Glen pleaded. \"I counted 983.\" \"Whatever.\" \"Come on, boys. Since it's your birthday, I might as well tell you about it.\" \"Do we have a choice?\" Glen looks at Cody and said, \"Okay, hopefully this won't be a long story.\" \"Yeah, last time I heard it, it dragged me to sleep.\" \"Me too.\" Cody and Glen sat on the couch with their mom and told them, \"Well, it looks as though most of you came a long way since your births. I remember like it was just yesterday....\" The story comes....and the next chapter will be the grand finale![Chapter 16] This is where we conclude 'Tears of a Maverick'. Chapter 16: The Story Edna started telling the boys a story about them hatching out of an egg, just like it was yesterday. \"It all started on June 7th, 10 years ago back in '89, I think it was, and it was the blue-moon ceremony where every June 7th in Shiverpool, all of us rockhopper penguins gather around and we all see the whole sky turn dark and we start humming out to make the blue moon appear. The snow blew hard and cold and we would give everything we could to make the blue moon appear. When it appears, it shines down on our eggs and for a few seconds, our eggs have finally hatched and we all start a family.\" \"That seems like a good thing.\" Cody said. \"Of course it is, numbskull. They always do it every year.\" Glen said. \"Well, sometimes.\" \"What were we like?\" \"Well, me and your father have gotten two eggs and Glen was the first one to pop out of the big egg and he was a big baby when he first came out.\" \"He still looks like a big baby now.\" Cody said, laughing. Glen scoffs and rolled his eyes at his brother. He said, \"You still look like a little creep.\" \"Boys....\" \"Sorry, mom.\" both said. \"Now, where was I? Oh, yes. Glen was the first one to come out of the egg and it became the happiest moment in our lives and everyone in Shiverpool looked at him really cute.\" \"Was I cute, mom?\" Glen asked. \"You're still cuter when you were a baby.\" Glen chuckled softly as his mom reached in a kiss him in the cheek. Cody rolled his eyes and said, \"I think I'm gonna be sick.\" \"Anywho....\" Glen said, scowling at Cody. \"We were all waiting for the second egg to come out and when it cracked, all we can see were two feet under the egg. It was hopping up and down, touching the cold snow. We all thought it was cute and very sweet, however, it all changed when the whole egg cracked open and out came....Cody. He looked kinda small and everyone in Shiverpool was not expecting something like this before.\" \"Did I look that bad?\" asked Cody. \"Not to me. For everyone else, it's kinda like that.\" Cody never thought that everyone else was expecting something like that when he was a baby. He asked, \"So....was I different from them?\" Edna sighed and never knew what the outcome of the story could be for young Cody. Then, she looked at her son in the eye and said, \"Yes.\" \"Wow.\" \"Since you were born, everything changed for the better and not in a good way. There were no problems with Glen, but your father wasn't sure that if everyone in Shiverpool could get used to you. Your father felt scared that everyone here would react that way towards outcasts. Makes them feel a little uneasy.\" \"How so?\" \"Very much so.\" \"So, where is my father?\" Horrified, Edna remembered the situation and that incident with his father being eaten by a whale and that it all happened so quickly, that it still became more difficult to even know whether or not she should tell him the real thing. \"When you were a baby, your father caught a fish one night and then....a big whale came in and ate him.\" Cody's eyes widened up and he never thought that it would happen. \"So, he's not here?\" \"You were only a baby when that happened. I don't know how to understand this, but....he died.\" \"What?\" \"That whale ate him up that night and your father never made it out alive.\" Cody was in complete disbelief and felt completely grief-stricken. Not knowing that this all happened 10 years ago and that he was still a baby and never seem to know any of it before. It didn't hit him until his mother told him that, like it was all a big blur. \"Why didn't you tell me he died?\" \"Well, I didn't know how to tell you that and also, because you were a baby. One time, you asked me 'is papa coming back?' and I told you, 'No, he's not coming back.' And he never came back ever since.\" Cody sighed heavily and never realized anything about his father. He blinked his eyes everal times until his eyes got misty-eyed. He looked at his mother and whispered, \"Excuse me.\" He walked away from her and Glen into his room. She looked at Glen and todl him, \"I'm thinking I better check on Cody.\" \"Why bother? He didn't know he died.\" \"But you knew?\" \"Sorta.\" Edna sighed and got up from the chair and walked across the igloo and while she was walking, she heard someone crying in a room. She recognized it anywhere. It was Cody's room. She quietly went in the room and saw Cody on the floor, crying his eyes out. She went over to him, touching his shoulder gently. Cody lifted his head up and saw her behind him. \"I'm sorry I didn't tell you he was dead. You had to find out sooner or later.\" Tears rolled down his cheeks and he wiped them away and sniffled a little. He asked, \"Why couldn't you just tell me he died?\" \"See, if I did, then it would be difficult to tell you what it really happened and I didn't want that for you.\" \"Did he even love me?\" \"Of course he loved you. He loves you for who you are. And so do I. Regardless if you're different or not, you're still you.\" Cody sighs and still feels sad that he never realized that his father died when he was so young and that it was really new. He looked at her and asked, \"Is it okay being just the way I am?\" \"Of course it is. All it matters is what you think of yourself and as you grow up, you will love yourself for who you are and what's in your heart. And that resembles who you are as a person.\" A few tears went out of his face and all Cody could do is smile. She looked at him and said, \"You're so likeable and loveable and you're really something special.\" She went in and kissed him on the forehead and Cody smiled a little and said, \"I feel much better now.\" \"I'm glad.\" She walked away and went out of his room, leaving Cody looking at his Big Z necklace that he wore throughout three years and those sayings were locked in his head forever. 'Never give up. Find a way cause that's what winners do.' And another saying that's stuck him for life. 'Cody's me, let me be me.' Cody remembered that saying, because his father said it to him to make sure that he likes himself for who he is, even though he's different. And it will be something that will stick with him for the rest of his life. But the question is: What would his life be like in his teenage years? Would it still be the same? THE END Well, this is all that I have and that is the end of this fic. I hope you like it! I would like to thank Cody the Maverick for giving me the opportunity for doing this fic for you. And klonoakazeno, thanks for reviewing it. Could be a possibility to do Cody's teen years. Don't worry, Cody the Maverick. I will get to where Cody starts surfing on my upcoming followup on Cody's pre-teen years! It'll be awesome! Until then, Animation Universe 2005, peace out! ","Summary":" I'm BACK!! This fic is for Wolf Mystic and also to Cody the Maverick. Since December, I've been ask"},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"By Blood","Author":"avenger1748","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11319849","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Forrest never thought he'd see her again. When she left the County three years ago he was sure she would never come back. Those were her words after all. The barn was full of people, full of music, a crowd of people ready to buy from the Bondurants. Howard and Jack moved off to the side with a crate of moonshine, ready to serve their eager customers. But Forrest stood off to the side as usual to keep an eye on the crowd, and that's when he saw her. With a hat covering most of her face, he was surprised he noticed who she was. But Forrest would never forget that face or her long blonde hair. It was longer than he remembered, she was thinner than he remembered, she looked much more run down than he remembered. She didn't wear a dress and dance with the other men and women, she just stood to the side leaning against the wooden beams and smoking a cigarette. Forrest then felt someone by his side, his younger brother Jack. \"Hey Forrest…is that…\" \"You best go help Howard now Jack,\" Forrest warned, his eyes still on the crowd as he smoked his cigar. Jack said nothing more and moved back to his oldest brother, watching carefully as Forrest's gaze returned to the woman. \"Howard,\" Jack began in a lower voice, although Forrest wouldn't hear him over the music, he was still skeptical. \"That Evie Henry over there?\" Howard's eyes followed Jack's gesture. \"Well I'll be damned,\" he scoffed. *15 years earlier* Evie held her hands in her pocket as she walked down the dirt road, whistling to herself as she looked behind at her farm house. Her father didn't like when she hung around with the Bondurant boys even though he and their father were good friends. Apparently teenage girls with teenage boys was always bad news. When she was clear of the road, Evie started running down into the paddock, dodging trees and bushes expertly. She took the same route three times a week, hurrying to make it to the small shack in the woods. \"Why ain't I surprised you started without me again,\" Evie sighed as she walked inside. The shack only had three walls, the other was bare and gave a somewhat pleasant view of the river. Forrest was sitting with his back against the wall sipping of a jar of clear liquid, taking a deep breath after swallowing. \"You always late,\" he looked up at her. \"I gotta stage an escape from my property, you don't,\" she reminded, sitting beside him and grabbing the bottle. \"I bring the liquor,\" he reasoned. \"Your damn lucky you do,\" she chuckled before taking a swig. \"Whoa,\" \"Yeah, fresh bottle,\" Forrest laughed, taking it back. \"How have you still got a liver?\" she asked, coughing slightly. \"I'm a Bondurant,\" Evie rolled her eyes and mimicked his words. \"Yeah well I'm a Henry and I ain't dead yet either, you just as indestructible as me,\" Forrest turned to her and smiled. \"I suppose you're right,\" Forrest wanted to know what she was doing back here. The farmhouse where she lived went up in flames three years ago, her father was dead, her brother was off at war. There was nothing here for her anymore. Evie dropped her cigarette to the floor, stepping over it as she walked toward the side exit, her body swaying from side to side. Forrest bit down on his lip as he watched her leave, knowing she was intending to drive herself somewhere. It wasn't any of his business, he had no right chasing her outside and telling her what she should or shouldn't be doing, but he couldn't help himself. Before he knew it he was stepping outside as well, following the dark figure up to a car. \"Seems like you're forgettin' what moonshine does to you,\" Forrest spoke as he walked closer, catching her before she opened her door. Evie turned around, a smile creeping onto her face as she saw who was walking toward her. She knew the voice before she saw the face, she could never forget him. \"Forrest Bondurant,\" she folded her arms, leaning back onto her car. \"Ain't you a sight,\" Forrest cleared his throat uncomfortably, slipping his hands into his pocket. Evie noticed how much bulkier he was now than she remembered, how deeper his voice was, how much meaner he seemed. Maybe those rumors she had heard around the place were true. \"How you been?\" Forrest asked, not really knowing what else to say as he looked around. \"Still kicking,\" she chuckled, thinking back to how he would always let his eyes roam whenever he was nervous. \"And you?\" \"Oh I'm alright,\" he nodded. \"Still out the station?\" she asked, knowing the answer before he nodded. \"Well, you did tell me you weren't leaving,\" \"Yeah, just about the same time you told me you weren't coming back,\" he reminded. Evie's smile slowly disappeared from her face as she stared back at him. She didn't like thinking back to that evening she left. \"You could come,\" she told him as they stood at the front steps of the station. Evie's bag was by her feet, she had made up her mind. \"You don't even know where you're goin',\" Forrest shook his head. \"I know I can't stay here,\" \"You can stay here,\" he assured. \"This is your home too,\" \"Forrest…everywhere I look I see flames and I can hear them…\" she shook her head. \"I can't be here anymore,\" Forrest put his hands in his pocket, looking at her with a serious gaze. \"So you just gonna up and leave?\" \"I don't have many options,\" \"You…and me,\" he began, but Forrest could never talk about that sort of thing so freely. \"You know how I feel Forrest, that ain't ever gonna change,\" she reminded. \"And I want us…I want things here, I do…but I have to go,\" \"Yeah,\" she hung her head low for a moment before returning to his gaze. \"Well some of us ain't that great at keeping our word,\" Forrest noticed the change in her voice, the way she looked away from him as if she was ashamed of herself. She had told him she was never coming back, but here they were. \"What brought you back?\" he asked, cutting straight to the point. Evie shook her head. \"Can't a girl visit her hometown?\" \"You don't look like you're visiting,\" Evie followed Forrest's gaze to the back of her car which had a bag fully packed, shoes and blankets piled next to it. \"And what does it look like I'm doing?\" she asked. Forrest looked back at her, his eyes staring right into hers. \"Running,\" Evie glared at him for a moment before reaching into her pocket and lighting a cigarette. \"Is that right?\" she mumbled, blowing smoke into the night sky. \"Ain't you insightful these days,\" Forrest heard the annoyance in her voice, knowing he was right. \"What you got yourself into?\" \"What, you trying to save the day Forrest?\" she asked, folding her arms once again and dangling the cigarette between her lips. \"You come back here with your bags packed and head straight for the liquor,\" he told her, his voice loud. \"Was I supposed to drop by the station, is that it? I should of come found you and told you straight away what my business was here as if I don't have any right coming back?\" This wasn't how either of them wanted to meet again after all the years, but there was a lot left unsaid between the two of them and the tension was high. There was silence between them for a while as they stared at one another, their silence speaking volumes. \"You just took off,\" Forrest shook his head, looking away once again as he spoke, his voice quiet but still holding anger. \"I didn't know where you were or if you was even alive. Three years of that. Then you show up like this,\" Evie lowered her gaze as she took another drag of her cigarette, not wanting to look up and into his eyes. She knew she had hurt him when she left, it had haunted her the whole time she was gone, but hearing Forrest say it was painful. ''Forrest…'' she whispered, looking up at him apologetically. ''You don't have to remind me how stupid it was,'' Forrest shook his head, his hands burrowing deeper into his pockets. ''Where'd you even end up? Where you been for three years, huh?'' ''Lost track,'' she shrugged. ''Turns out I'm no good at starting over,'' There was a brief silence as Forrest considered where she had been all this time. If she hadn't settled down somewhere, what had she been doing? Three years was a long time to not have a home, to not have a life. ''So you thought you'd come back and continue where you left off?'' Evie chuckled and blew out of a cloud of smoke toward the night sky, shaking her head at his words. ''Fuck you Forrest,'' Throwing her cigarette down on the ground, Evie turned and opened her door, sliding into her seat before realizing something was stopping her door from closing. Forrest had a hold of the door frame, holding it where it was so she couldn't slam it shut. ''Why you actin' like an idiot?'' he asked. ''Let go of the damn door,'' Evie snarled. ''You ain't driving,'' ''What do you care?'' Forrest was silent as Evie ripped the door from his grasp and started the engine, taking off and leaving him standing in darkness watching her speed off down the road. He didn't know why he let her go, but something made him think that maybe she wasn't the girl he remembered. Three years was a long time, they had both changed. But it wasn't until her headlights left his sight that he realized how stupid he was letting her go again. Neither Howard or Jack mentioned Evie when they made their way back to the station. Forrest had gone back into the barn just before they finished selling the crate of moonshine and decided to take off, and both brothers knew where he had been. They had learnt thought over the years that bringing up Evelyn Henry always resulted in Forrest getting angry and it usually lasted days. They hadn't mentioned her in over a year now and now they didn't know what to say. Forrest was silent on the way back but that was hardly unusual. They were listening to the radio as they made their way further down the road, a car coming into their view on the side of the road just before the entrance to the station. Forrest clenched his fists in anger as he saw the vehicle, knowing exactly who it was. ''I'll take care of this,'' he mumbled as Jack slowed the car down. ''What are you doing?'' Howard asked, genuinely confused. ''Just get on back to the station now,'' Forrest ordered. ''Go on,'' Jack hesitated for a moment before driving toward the gate, leaving Forrest to inspect the vehicle. Walking toward the door, Forrest could already see the blonde hair leaning against the steering wheel. Evie was hunched over, her mouth hanging open as she slept heavily. Letting out a long sigh, Forrest mumbled under his breath as he pried the door open, gently pushing Evie over to the passenger side. The next morning, Evie woke up in the spare bedroom at the Bondurant's station. Head aching, body sore, she pulled herself up enough to sit and put her head in her hands. She knew how she got here because she remembered where she was heading. Evie was still in the same clothes, still in her boots. Her jacket was on the floor beside her. She only intended to pull over for a few seconds to think to herself and now here she was. As if she needed another reason for Forrest to look down on her. And there he was at the door, arms folded as he leaned against the frame and looked at her emotionless. ''I shouldn't be here,'' Evie pulled her hair over to one side out of her face. ''I should go,'' ''Runnin' already,'' Forrest shook his head. ''Why I should be surprised but I just aint,'' ''I get it,'' she groaned. ''Just give me my keys,'' ''I ain't done,'' ''Jesus Forrest, I know you hate me but keeping me around to remind me about my fuck up is a bit much,'' Forrest couldn't help feeling guilty when she thought he hated her. ''I wanna talk,'' ''You?'' Evie raised her eyebrows. ''Talk?'' ''I got questions,'' ''Good for you,'' ''I figured you'd owe me at least before you leave again,'' Evie folded her arms, watching as he stepped into the room and closed the door. There was a chair in the corner but before he moved to take a seat, Forrest glanced back at her, down at her shoulders and around her neck before speaking. ''Start with how you got those bruises,''[Chapter 2] Evie had forgotten about the marks left on her skin, realizing that without her jacket they were clearly visible. She immediately began pulling the sheet up to cover herself, but it was useless now. Forrest took sat down on the stool in the corner and watched her stare back at him with nothing to say. ''Who did that?'' he asked, his gaze serious. ''We all piss someone off eventually,'' she shrugged. ''Looks to me you got in with some bad people,'' he sighed. ''That's why you're back here, isn't it?'' Evie rolled her eyes and folded her arms angrily. ''You must really hate me,'' Forrest's eyes widened in frustration. ''I dragged your ass in here from the side of the road,'' he pointed out in a louder voice. ''Then why are you so pissed off that I'm back here?'' she asked, Forrest growing silent as he stared back at her. ''I know I left, I know I screwed up, but this place is my home too and-'' ''You got nothin' left here, you said it yourself,'' Forrest interrupted, his voice rough and angry. ''When you took off, you took off on me and you show up and you don't...you don't give a damn,'' Evie took a moment to process his words before she began shaking her head in disbelief. Forrest noticed her eyes filling with tears but he didn't say a word. ''I wish I could say I didn't,'' she spoke softly. ''Sure would have made the past few years easier,'' Forrest kept his voice low when he responded, toning down his anger. ''Then why...'' he trailed off. ''I didn't know how,'' she shrugged, knowing his question. ''Every day I got further away, all I wanted to do was come here, come home, but...things got complicated. I got here yesterday afternoon and I wanted to drive down this road but...I was scared,'' Forrest swallowed, glancing out the bright window for a moment before turning back to Evie's gaze. ''Well a few swigs of moonshine and you almost made it,'' Evie smiled in return, appreciating the fact his teasing hadn't completely gone away. It was funny how they could go from arguing to just talking, but they were far from understanding one another like they once did. ''You gonna tell me what happened?'' Forrest asked, careful not to stray too far from the point of this conversation. ''I doubt you'll like what you'll hear,'' Evie sighed. ''That don't matter,'' Evie thought for a moment before pushing herself out of the bed, reaching for her coat. ''I got a few things I gotta take care of before that,'' she told him as she stood. ''But late this afternoon, I'll explain,'' ''Where you goin'?'' he asked curiously. ''You'll know where to find me,'' Walking out to her truck wasn't the quiet journey she had planned on. Howard and Jack were sitting downstairs by the bar eating and Evie had no choice but to walk right by them. ''Evie!'' Jack smiled. ''How are you Jack?'' she asked politely. ''Taller than I remember,'' ''Well I'm not a kid no more,'' he assured. ''I can see that. What a difference three years make,'' Evie was hoping on conversing with Jack a few moments and then being on her way, but she knew better than to think she could stand a few feet from Howard without a comment from his drunken self. ''You know, I'm part of the business now,'' Jack continued, happy to tell her about his accomplishments. She remembered the youngest Bondurant always being so hell bent on working with his brothers in the family business of moonshine distribution. He was always getting picked on by the brothers, always one step behind. ''Jack, why don't you shut up and let Evelyn here piss off for another few years,'' Howard turned in his seat, a smirk on his lips. ''You look terrible Howard,'' Evie folded her arms. ''At least there's one thing that'll never change,'' Howard laughed to himself and turned back to his plate. Before he could get out another taunt, Jack started talking once again. Evie was only a few feet from the door and even though she didn't mind Jack's chatter, she knew she had to head off. ''It's been nice to see you Jack,'' Evie told him sincerely with a smile as she reached for the doorknob. ''Yeah, you too. Are you uh...taking off?'' he asked. There was a creak in the floorboards as Forrest walked down the stairs, his glance immediately going toward the door where Evie and his brother stood. It was obvious he had heard Jack's question and was keeping his distance, listening for her reply. ''No, I'll be around,'' Then she walked out, headed straight for her truck. It wasn't as if it was the worst welcome, it was much better than the one she was expecting, but there was still a lot of tension and unanswered questions. Not so much with Jack and Howard who hadn't asked where she had been for the past three years because they knew the only person who deserved an answer to all those questions was Forrest. When Evie told him that he would know where to find her, Forrest only had one place in mind. Although the Henry's property was still there and technically still in Evie and her brother's name, there was nothing there but a half standing old shed. Forrest hadn't been to the small shack in the woods for years, probably a few months before Evie had left town. Everything was messier, trees had fallen down and vines had grown over the small and narrow road. But Forrest soon found it and was relieved to see Evie's truck parked behind the bushes. The sun was setting fast and Forrest could see a whole stack of old wood outside the door to the shack as he stepped out of his truck. Then he noticed Evie walking out peering over at his truck, lowering the gun in her hand. ''Look who's here last for a change,'' she told him with a slight chuckle as she slipped the gun into her back pocket. ''This where you living now?'' he asked, his voice muffled by his cigar. ''I like it here,'' she nodded. ''So you got your list of questions?'' Soon enough the sun was down and the pile of wood Evie had gathered turned into a small, warm fire for them to sit beside. Evie placed a blanket on the ground for them and even though Forrest wasn't normally comfortable being so close to someone, this is what he and Evie used to do. It took him back to being a fifteen year old boy, but a lot had changed since those times. Evie sat a bottle of whiskey between them as she kicked off her boots. Her long blonde hair was braided to one side to keep out of her face as she turned to Forrest, waiting for him to begin the interrogation she had been expecting for years. ''Um...'' Forrest began, not knowing where to begin. It wasn't a secret that Forrest was a quiet man, but he used to share almost everything with Evie, and he still wasn't great with words. Evie was used to waiting for him to find the right way to say something. ''I went to Chicago,'' Evie spoke, taking it upon herself. ''I'd heard people talk about how lively it was there, how big and bustling it was. I got a job at one of the restaurants, stayed for two months and left for somewhere else. That's basically how I went on for the first year and a half,'' ''And the other half?'' ''Like you said, I got in with the wrong people,'' she hung her head low. ''I had gone to dozens of cities and went back to Chicago to get my job back and get myself together, figure out what the hell I was doing, but soon enough some people got me into the underground business there,'' Forrest's expression turned much more hardened and concerned as she spoke. ''What kind of business?' ''Drugs, moonshine, anything that was illegal, they were pushing it out through the restaurant and making triple the amount of anyone else,'' she explained. ''I followed through for a while but it got...well, I wanted out. But they weren't too happy,'' ''Who?'' ''Whoever I was working for,'' she shrugged. ''Never met 'em personally,'' ''And they did that to you?'' Forrest asked, pointing at her neck. Evie nodded and rubbed her shoulder where the bruises were, reaching down for the whiskey and taking a big gulp. Forrest watched as her hands shook, her mind going back to whatever she experienced in Chicago. Forrest felt the urge to hurt whoever did this to her, to make they pay for laying a finger on Evie, but he knew she would never tell him who it was. ''That's why you came back here,'' ''No, I came back because I saw my chance to,'' she shook her head. ''But when I got here last night, I got that feeling again, like I shouldn't be here,'' Forrest took a swig of the whiskey as well, holding the bottle in his hand as he looked toward the crackling fire. ''This is your home Evie,'' ''It used to be,'' she sighed, reaching over to grab the bottle. ''I feel like a stranger now,'' ''A lot happens in three years,'' Forrest nodded. There was a long pause between them where they sat in silence passing the whiskey. It reminded them both of being young teenagers out here at the old shack, it was the closest thing to home that Evie had felt in a long time. Something told her she only got that feeling from being around Forrest. ''I'm sorry I took off,'' she told him quietly. ''I know I could have had a good life here. With you.'' Forrest cleared his throat, noticing that Evie had moved closer to him. Three years without her and now she was right here, so close, and it still didn't feel real yet. When he saw her last night he noticed so many changes in her, but now in the glowing light of the fire, he saw that so much has still remained the same. Her voice, her hair, her mannerisms and the way she breathed in through her teeth after she swallowed straight liquor. All those things that he remembered about her were still there. Forrest watched on in amusement as Evie took a large mouthful of moonshine and swallowed painfully. The noise that escaped her mouth made it even more entertaining and she clamped her teeth shut and took a deep breath. With an unsteady hand, Evie handed the jar back to Forrest and saw he was quietly laughing at her. ''Stop laughing at me,'' she whined, a smile creeping onto her lips. They were sitting on the floor of the shack in the woods, escaping the harsh sun outside. It had been Evie's father's birthday and there was a gathering at her family farm, almost the whole town crowded in the large barn up the road. The Bondurant's were there too, but Forrest and Evie had managed to escape and run down to their usual hideout. Forrest was wearing his usual attire apart from his boots he had kicked off by the end of the blanket they were laying on and Evie had on her pale pink dress that her mother insisted she wear for the occasion. Evie wasn't against dresses, she quite enjoyed some of the colors she had, but they weren't much use in her daily life considering she spent most of her time on the farm instead of in the house. She wasn't exactly the daughter her mother had hoped for. ''You ain't gettin' any better at that,'' Forrest chuckled. ''It burns,'' she groaned. ''Don't tell me you're immune to it,'' ''I don't put on a show like that though,'' he continued his laughter. Evie frowned and stood up from her position, tripping on her feet for a moment and earning another laugh from Forrest. Evie herself couldn't help giggling at that as she grabbed the jar from his hands once again. ''Okay then,'' she challenged herself. With one hand on her hip, Evie tilted the jar back on her lips and took another mouthful of the strong alcohol and swallowed immediately. With her eyes closed and a slight scrunch in her nose, Evie took a moment before opening her mouth and flashing a proud smile. Forrest grinned back at her, admiring her completely. Her dress was flowing around her knees and her hair fell over her shoulders perfectly. She was beautiful, but Forrest never knew how to tell her that. He didn't know how to explain much to her when it came to feelings, but luckily she never had a problem with it. ''I like this dress,'' she told him, holding the bottom corner and spinning around, careful not to spill the moonshine in her other hand. ''Its...it's nice,'' Forrest nodded. Evie smiled toward him, thinking it was adorable the way his cheeks burned a slight blush. Then she took a few steps closer and sat down right beside him, her eyes not leaving his the whole time. Forrest's gaze had followed hers and he watched as she sat down the jar of clear liquid and reached her hand up to cup his cheek. Then she pressed the softest kiss to his lips, feeling his hand snake around her waist. Forrest noticed he was staring at Evie as she watched the fire and that she would have noticed, so he quickly changed his glance toward their surroundings. It was cold and dark out tonight. The thought of leaving her here and heading home didn't sit well with him. ''You shouldn't be stayin' out here on your own,'' he shook his head. ''I know how to use a gun Forrest,'' she yawned. ''I'll be fine,'' ''What if those people find you?'' Evie looked up at him with a fearful expression before sighed and shaking her head. ''They got more important things on their mind, besides no one knows this thing is still standing,'' she explained. Forrest nodded slowly in understanding, but he still didn't agree. He knew she was more than capable of taking care of herself, but he didn't feel right about leaving. Evie's eyes were slowly becoming heavier and Forrest made his mind up right there. He would stay while she fell asleep and he would stay until she woke.[Chapter 3] Thanks to everyone reading and those who have reviewed, I appreciate it so much! Forrest didn't know how he managed to get any sleep that night, but he did. When he woke up, laying on his back next to the fire, he immediately felt something missing. Evie had fallen asleep beside him after they talked a little while longer and Forrest had spent the rest of the night trying not to move as she used his side as a pillow. It had been a long time since Forrest had watched her sleep like this. So peacefully, just the two of them, somewhere only they knew about. For three years Forrest felt anger every time he thought about Evie and the way she left, but when he glanced down at her, cheek pressed into his shirt and one hand resting slightly on his waist, there was no anger at all. ''You didn't need to stay with me,'' Evie told him, sitting down on a log to slip her boots on. ''Fell asleep,'' he told her in a hoarse morning voice as he sat up. Forrest stifled a yawn as he watched Evie pull the bottom of her pants over the top of her boots and then begin to undo her braid. He was amazed at how long her hair was, a slight crinkle throughout it from the braid. Forrest didn't know how long it was going to take until he realized she was actually here and he wasn't just imagining it. ''Where you goin'?'' he asked. ''I gotta go grab supplies,'' she sighed. ''Can't live off a bottle of whiskey unfortunately. Well, not anymore it seems,'' Forrest looked down at the empty bottle beside him, realizing they happened to finish the whole thing the night before. Maybe that's how he managed to get a few hours sleep. ''Wait, you plannin' on living here?'' he asked, glancing between her and the run down shack. ''For how long?'' ''Well...I got no plans to go anywhere,'' she shrugged. Evie stared back at him as he processed her words. He knew she was sick of running, but it hadn't dawned on him that this would be the last stop on her journey, that she was back home for good. Forrest always pictured that when Evie came back it would be with a husband, moving back onto the Henry family property and going about life as if she had never left Franklin County. He imagined a scenario that would hurt him more than her leaving. ''Um...so you're...'' he rambled, trying to form his question. Evie smiled lightly, always enjoying the way he fumbled when things became even remotely personal. ''I'm not going anywhere,'' she assured him. ''How am I meant to believe that?'' he challenged. Evie frowned as she looked up at him. Forrest was never going to believe that she was staying. Evie was unpredictable, she had already taken off once without warning and he didn't see her for years. Forrest wanted to protect himself from her, from being hurt again. Evie could understand his caution. If she was him, she would never trust her either. ''Forrest, I never expected to come back here and act like nothing happened and take off from where we were. I'd never ask you to forgive me like that or forget what I did. I made a mistake, a fucking big mistake, and I will deal with every consequence that comes with it. But I can't deal with you hating me,'' she told him with a firm voice. ''I know I deserve it, but I can't stand it,'' Forrest stared back at her, his eyebrows drawn together in the middle as he listened carefully to her words. ''I don't hate you,'' he shook his head. ''I just don't know why you did it,'' ''Why I left?'' she asked before he nodded. ''I left because I couldn't be here anymore. I lost my family, I lost my home, I hated this place to the point I didn't want to wake up and look at it anymore,'' ''You had a home, you had me,'' ''Forrest,'' she shook her head. ''I didn't do it to hurt you. You were the only reason I stayed for as long as I did, but I couldn't do it anymore. I didn't mean for it to be three years...I didn't mean for any of this to turn out the way it did,'' Before anything else could be said, Evie stood up and walked over to her truck. Everything she owned was in the passenger seat and although it wasn't the most comfortable living environment, but it would suit her fine for now. Evie didn't know what else to say to Forrest, she couldn't keep reliving the time she left and everything that happened in between then and now. But she couldn't be here without him. ''I'm gonna get going,'' Forrest told her, appearing in front of her truck as he walked to his own. ''Uh, yeah,'' she nodded. ''I'll see you round,'' ''Come by the station tonight,'' he suggested. ''I really can't deal with Howard today,'' Evie and Howard were like children, always snapping at one another and getting into petty arguments. It had been like that since they were young, the two of them just clashed, but since she had been gone and Howard had become a rather active alcoholic, it was bound to be a lot worse. ''No, it'll just...just me and you,'' Evie stared at him for a moment as a small smile broke out onto her lips. ''Okay,'' Evie pulled her hat down further to cover her face as she walked down the street, a bag full of groceries in her hand while her other swayed by her side. Not much had changed in this town, only a few stores no longer in operation, but there was no one too unfamiliar. Maybe it was because she knew she had enemies somewhere looking for her, but every time she made eye contact with someone walking by, her heart began pounding a little faster in fear. It wasn't as if the people from Chicago were chasing her down, she was far from their first priority, but if they ran into her she had no doubt in her mind that they would make her pay for turning her back on them. Especially with everything she knew about their business. ''Evelyn?'' Evie's blood ran cold as she heard her name, her skin growing goosebumps. She didn't have her gun with her, a stupid mistake. She turned to see who she was dealing with and saw a skinny young man looking back at her with a hopeful smile, wondering if she was who he thought. ''Cricket?'' Evie smiled. ''Jack told me you was back but I was sure you'd be gone by now,'' Cricket didn't mean it as an insult as it would have been if it came from Howard's mouth. Evie walked toward him and put her free arm around him for a hug, happy that the first person to recognize her was someone she actually wanted to see. Over behind him she could see Jack unloading a truck full of crates. ''You in the business now too, huh?'' ''Yeah, me and Jack gettin' a lot more responsibilities these days,'' he smiled. ''So what are you doin' back here?'' 'Oh I just missed this place, missed the quiet life, thought it was about time to head back,'' ''Everyone missed you,'' Evie looked at him and saw no hint of joking or anger, just sincerity. She couldn't imagine they had missed her too much, they would have been far too annoyed and betrayed for that at the beginning. But maybe over the years they may have. She sure missed them. ''Well I missed everyone around here too,'' ''Forrest wasn't the same really after you left, not for a while there,'' he told her. ''He really missed you,'' Hearing that made her heart ache. Forrest always tried his best to hide any emotion he was feeling, but he must have been quite hurt for him to allow others to notice it. ''Maybe...don't tell him I said that,'' Cricket stuttered, thinking about what he had just shared. ''I won't,'' she smiled. ''I really missed him too,'' ''I better get on back to Jack, maybe I'll see you again,'' ''Yeah maybe, see you around Cricket,'' Watching as he walked away, Evie was grateful that Cricket wasn't mad at her for leaving. He didn't ask where she had been, he didn't ask why she left. But he had given her the slightest insight into what life was like here after she left. When Cricket said everyone missed her, she could see that maybe Jack and a few people in town would miss having her around to talk to, but she knew who he was really referring to. It was late when Evie turned up at the station. Forrest was sipping a glass of whiskey when he heard her car driving in. For a while in the afternoon he thought she might not show up, maybe they were spending too much time together too soon, but there she was. Forrest didn't want to forgive Evie for what she did so quickly, he wanted her to know what she put him through while she was gone, but it was hard not to want her company. Evie and Forrest were always inseparable, the thought of one another being somewhere on their own didn't sit well with either of them. It didn't matter what Evie had done, Forrest didn't like staying away from her. Turning to the door, Forrest watched as Evie walked in, shivering from the cold and looking around the room until she laid eyes on him at the bar stool. ''Well, this takes me back,'' Forrest let himself chuckle slightly. ''Yeah well, we ain't fifteen no more,'' ''Really? Because we finished a bottle of whiskey last night and passed out in front of a fire,'' she reminded playfully. Forrest grinned again before he stood up and walked to the other side of the bar. There was a small oven beneath the stove and he reached down and carefully grabbed a plate of food, pushing it across the bar table to sit in front of Evie. ''Thought you could do with a warm meal,'' Evie looked at the offer and her eyes grew wide. She hadn't properly eaten anything in almost two days and now with food sitting in front of her, she realized just how hungry she was. Pulling out a stool to sit on, Evie immediately began stabbing at the potatoes on the plate with her fork. With one mouthful, Evie closed her eyes and savored the taste of real food. ''You cooked this?'' she asked, surprised. ''I cook,'' he assured, almost insulted. ''Not half bad,'' she chuckled. ''Edible very edible,'' They sat in silence for a while as Evie ate, Forrest pouring another glass of whiskey as he refilled his own. Evie hadn't expected so much normality in her visit, she thought there would be more questions for her, more stuff to work through. And that was coming, there was no escaping that, but for a while there everything was calm and just the way it used to be. ''Where's Jack and Howard?'' Evie asked as she finished dinner. ''They're out for the night on a job,'' ''So business is booming, huh,'' ''Seems that way,'' Forrest nodded, lighting a cigar. Evie stood up and undid the buttons on her thick jacket, sliding it off her shoulders and slipping a cigarette between her lips. Forrest held out a match for her to use and watched her lean in, flicking his wrist a moment later to put the flame out. As they both silently smoked, Evie's gaze was locked on Forrest. She wondered what happened after she left, what he did, what changed about him. Looking at him, there were only slight differences in the man she knew and the man he was now. He looked bigger, like he had gained muscle, which was probably likely given the amount of bruises and scars he had hidden beneath his clothes. Evie remembered seeing them, running her fingers along them and asking about each one. Forrest turned and looked at her as she studied his arm, noticing new scars. ''What you doin'?'' he asked curiously. Evie stood up and sat her cigarette down, taking a few short steps over toward him. She reached for his arm hesitantly and Forrest almost pulled away, but he had missed her touch. No one knew about his scars like she did, what he had been through, not even his brothers. ''You stitch this yourself?'' she asked, her eyes narrowly inspecting his old wound. Forrest nodded. Whenever he was in a fight, Evie would always patch him up. He could do it himself, but it was never as precise and gentle as Evie's work. There was a lot that he ended up doing on his own when she left. When he looked up at her, he could see that same concern and worry in her eyes that she held for him when she used to see him battered and covered in blood. She didn't like seeing him hurt, but Forrest always said he did what needed to be done. ''When are you gonna stop looking at me like that?'' she asked quietly, her attention moving from his arm to his eyes. ''Like what?'' ''Like I'm gonna be gone soon,'' she sighed, running her hand up from his arm to his shoulder. Forrest noticed her touches and watched her hand move, flickering his glance back to her a moment later. ''I'm not going anywhere,'' she assured, hand moving to the back of his head. ''Thing is, I've heard that before,'' That's when he noticed Evie was closer than he thought, her body pressing against his, leaving no room between them. Then the tension rose. They were jumping right back to where they were. ''I should go...'' she began, sensing things were moving too quickly. Forrest shook his head, his hand reaching out to rest on the small of her back. When he looked back up, Evie leaned in and pressed her lips to his. Neither of them had felt each other's lips for years, everything just felt right. Forrest's arms wrapped around her waist tighter and Evie took that a sign she could run her fingers into his short, combed hair. It didn't matter what they had to work through, what they had to discuss, because they missed each other too much to not do anything about it.[Chapter 4] Later that night, Evie looked around the walls of Forrest's room as she laid with him, his arm around her as she leaned in against his bare chest. Not much had changed in here, a few more guns in the corners, but that was it. The mattress on the ground was never as uncomfortable as it looked, but Evie figured that was because she always shared it with Forrest. Neither of them wanted or even know how to keep talking about what happened three years ago and what happened since. They had plenty of time for that. As for sleeping together, they had missed one another. Before Evie left, her and Forrest were in a rather normal, healthy relationship. Well, as normal as they could be. All those feelings were still there. Evie turned and rolled closer to Forrest, letting out a content sigh before propping herself up by her elbow. There were so many marks on Forrest's chest from different occasions. Fights, accidents, all of which she was around for. Except there were new ones, as she expected, and she wondered what trouble he had gotten himself into to receive them. ''You're starting to get scars on top of scars,'' ''You got your fair share too,'' he pointed out, turning to gesture toward her ribs. ''Well, when I piss someone off I do a damn good job,'' Forrest smiled lightly, the idea of someone coming after her still lingering in back of his mind and tainting the moment. He would ask her more about it, who it was that she angered and he would make sure they didn't get to her again. But not now, not when Evie was moving to rest her head on his chest, pressing a kiss to his lips first. ''Hmm, this was usually the time I sneaked my way out,'' ''You want to go?'' he asked. ''No,'' she shook her head against him. ''Should I?'' Forrest sat up as Evie lifted her head, holding her close as she sat against his legs. ''You don't go leavin' anymore,'' he told her in a quiet voice. Evie noticed the shift in his tone, it was serious and personal, one he never used around anyone else. ''Hear me?'' ''I ain't goin' nowhere,'' she promised. ''Not again,'' At least Forrest was sitting by the bar when Evie woke up the next morning, quietly making her way downstairs. Howard was sitting not far from Forrest and if it wasn't for that fact, he would have had much to say. Instead he just shook his head with a smirk and went back to his breakfast. Forrest hadn't moved his focus from the plate in front of him until Evie's boots came closer and closer to the table. Her hair was messier than usual and her shirt was buttoned unevenly, she looked like she was still half asleep. Forrest looked down at his plate and back at her, making an offer. ''Uh, no thanks,'' she shook her head. ''I might...I've got some stuff to do,'' Forrest walked her out onto the porch, looking over at her truck parked not too far from his. This was something he hadn't done in a while. Evie let out a long yawn as she looked up at the gloomy sky. Being here sure made the shack she was living in seem terribly small and lonely. ''Do you uh, need anything?'' Forrest asked. He didn't like her being out there on her own. ''I'll be fine,'' she nodded. Evie looked over at the door and then back at Forrest, wondering if they were supposed to be ignoring what happened the night before. Not that it wasn't obvious what happened, but maybe it wasn't meant to continue. But Evie tested her chances, reaching up and placing a light kiss on his lips. Forrest looked back at her expressionless, as he usually did, and Evie just gave him a smirk in return. ''I'll see you 'round Forrest,'' Evie was chewing on a piece of fresh bread as she drove down the road leading to her turn off. The whole time she had noticed a car following far behind, but she was sure they were probably heading to the Bondurant's station. It looked like a rather new car, probably in town to buy some moonshine. It soon became a distant worry as they drove past her, speeding down the road before Evie took her turn. The narrow road down to the shack was bumpy and worn down, something she would have to fix. Hours later, just as the sun had gone down and Evie had started a nice warm fire, she heard an engine coming down the track. It was probably Forrest, but Evie still grabbed the shotgun she kept by the door and walked over to stand in front of her truck. But it wasn't Forrest. It was the same car that had been following her down the road earlier. She gripped the gun tighter, her hand trembling. They were the people from Chicago, they had to be. No one else would have gone out of their way to follow her. She knew going into the town a second day in a row was risky. ''Evelyn, put the gun down,'' a man's voice called out calmly. Evie remained silent, holding the gun tight and lifting it to point toward the figure walking over, but she soon realized she was outnumbered. Three men, all armed. She recognized the man speaking as Clive, but she didn't know the others. He was the one who got her into the business, not that she was given much of a choice. ''Gun, down,'' Clive ordered. Evie reluctantly let her arm fall, lowering the gun until she dropped it to the ground. Now she had nothing and they had everything. Clive took it upon himself to look around the place, kicking at the unsteady walls of the shack and poking around at what was inside. The other two men just stared at her, guns in their hands, making sure she did nothing stupid. ''You left Chicago in a hurry,'' Clive walked back over to her, hands in his pocket. ''Wasn't much keeping me there,'' ''You used to say that about this place,'' he reminded. ''And look where I find you,'' ''I'm not going back, I'm done, I told you I was out,'' she told him angrily. ''I'm not here to bring you back,'' Clive chuckled. ''You're lucky to still be alive and walking,'' Evie swallowed, nerves on their edge and sensing the worst was about to come. If he wasn't here to bring Evie back to Chicago or pull her back into their business, there was only one other reason. Opening her eyes, she was met with a white room, morning sun shining in through the window. The voices were coming from the corridor outside, it didn't take her long to realize she was laying in a hospital bed. Evie hated hospitals. The smell, the sound, everything about them. However when she tried to move, she then felt exactly why she was here. ''Wouldn't do that if I was you,'' a rough voice came from beside her. Evie turned painfully to see Forrest sitting in a chair against the wall, watching her with concern, anger boiling throughout his whole body. He had turned up at the shack to find Evie passed out, blood all over her clothes and face, bruised and battered. It was a sight he would never be able to recover from and he had seen many horrific things in his lifetime. After he brought Evie to the hospital, he went back to the station and gathered guns before heading out with Howard to try and track down whoever attacked. Forrest knew that if they were smart enough they wouldn't be in town, but he was too angry to think logically, he just wanted to find them and make them pay. ''It's not as bad as it looks,'' she told him quietly, holding back a groan of pain. ''You ain't seen yourself yet,'' Evie went to smile but felt the swelling around her eye being pulled and immediately abandoned the idea. Instead, she closed her eyes again and took in a deep breath. Everything that happened the night before was a mess in her memory. She couldn't remember when it ended, she couldn't remember Forrest finding her or how she got here. ''You...you didn't run into them, did you?'' she asked nervously. ''Sure wish I did,'' Forrest shook his head, standing to move closer to her. ''Who did this?'' Evie shook her head, a small sob escaping her lips and she shifted. She knew how Forrest wanted to handle this but these men weren't to be messed with. The connections they had, the weapons they carried, they had a much bigger advantage. This wasn't a fight she wanted anyone else involved in. ''Evie, they broke your damn leg,'' he told her, gritting his teeth. ''I ain't waitin' for them to come on back to find you again,'' ''They won't be back,'' she assured. ''They from Chicago?'' Evie shook her head again. ''I only knew one of them, they go everyone dealing with people who threaten the business. They'll be long gone,'' Forrest balled his hands into fists and looked around for something he could hit. Rage coursed through him, all he wanted to do was find the men that did this, but it was near impossible to do. ''I'm sorry,'' Evie's voice brought him back to reality. ''I should have been more careful,'' ''Don't give me that bullshit,'' Forrest shook his head. ''You know this ain't your fault, and I'm gonna get who did it,'' ''They're gone, it's done,'' ''It ain't done 'til I get hold of them,'' Evie began to protest but was interrupted by a fit of coughing, forcing her to sit up in pain. Forrest watched helplessly as Evie groaned in pain, hands wrapping around her stomach tight as she took a deep breath. ''You uh, got a couple of fractured ribs,'' he told her in a low voice. Looking up at him with wide eyes, Forrest could tell Evie wasn't expecting that. She hadn't seen the purple blotches all over her face, the swelling, the cuts, the blood. The people who came after her made sure she got their message. She had done wrong by them and this was her punishment. If they ran into her again, there was going to be no waking up in a hospital bed. There was going to be no waking up at all. ''Maybe...maybe it is as bad as it looks,'' Evie slowly laid back onto her pillows. Forrest was silent for a while, his mind filled with the image of Evie when he found her. He was right up the road and they had come here and beat her to a pulp without him knowing a thing about it, and they had gotten away. ''I thought you...'' Forrest trailed off, clearing his throat. Evie watched and saw how shaken up it had made him. Forrest Bondurant was a man that many were afraid of, but he too had his own fears. Losing people he cared about was a big one. Lifting her arm, Evie reached her hand out for him. Forrest stared at it for a moment before taking it in his own, feeling the warmth of her skin. She felt so fragile in his hand. There were a few marks on her knuckles from where she had fought back, but the swelling was barely noticeable beneath his fingertips. ''Thanks for saving my ass,'' The doctor ordered another night's rest at the hospital and even though Evie protested being in here longer than necessary, it did give her some time to think about what she was going to do now. If Clive had found her, it meant any of them would now know where she was hiding out. If they happened to come back into town one day, she wasn't going to take her chances on them not paying her another visit. Forrest had gone back to the shack with Howard to make sure no one else had showed up, but the place was exactly as he remembered it from the night before. Blood stains on the blanket outside and a stone cold fire. Forrest drove Evie's car to the hospital to pick her up, not wanting her to have to come back here. This would always be their place, but for now it had been tainted. ''I can walk just fine,'' Evie huffed as she stepped out of her room, a pair of crutches aiding her. Forrest walked at her pace beside her, his hands in his pockets so he wouldn't reach out to help her. Stubborn woman she was. Her leg had been plastered and would stay that way for a few weeks, another fact that didn't sit well with her. The first being that Forrest wouldn't allow her to check into the hotel in town. ''I don't need a babysitter,'' she frowned as they finally made it outside. ''I ain't your babysitter,'' Forrest shook his head. ''But you be better off stayin' at the station, not off on your own somewhere 'round here,'' ''I was on my own for years Forrest, I can take care of myself,'' ''That why you ended up in a hospital bed, huh?'' he reminded, earning himself an angry glare. ''Look, you staying at the station, least til you get back on your feet since you can't exactly drive now can you?'' He had her there.[Chapter 5] I want to say thankyou to everyone who has reviewed, I like to read what you guys think and I appreciate the support. As with all my stories, I'm open to suggestions so if there's an angle you'd like the story to go I'd love to hear about it. Thanks! Forrest had one eye on the road as he drove, the other watching Evie carefully as she braced herself for every bump in the road they traveled across. Her whole body was aching, everything was sore. The doctor had wrapped a bandage tightly around her stomach to help the healing of her broken ribs, but there was nothing they could do about swollen bruises. ''Forrest, can you just pull over,'' Evie asked, eyes closed as she focused on breathing. Without questioning, Forrest slowed the truck down and pulled off the road, letting the engine idle as he turned to Evie. Apart from the purple bruises, her skin was almost white. Evie reached for the door, opening it and leaning out to throw up whatever was in her stomach. Forrest cringed as he listened, knowing there was nothing he could do. Every time he head her cries of pain, saw her discomfort or heard her being sick, it just made him angrier and angrier. Someone had come along and put their hands on her, they had hurt her and Forrest wasn't there to stop it. ''You shouldn't be outta hospital,'' he shook his head as she closed the door, leaning back into her seat. ''I'm fine,'' ''You sure as hell ain't,'' Evie took in a sharp breath, moving her body to sit up higher before groaning in pain. She wasn't exactly helping her case against Forrest, but he knew better than to try and talk her into going back to the hospital. In all the pain she was in, she still wasn't willing to go back. Forrest watched her for a few minutes as she steadied herself before putting the truck into gear to begin driving again. But Evie's voice stopped him again. ''I can't go to the station Forrest,'' Forrest let out a huff of annoyance. They had been arguing about this all morning and on most of the drive out there, but Evie just couldn't let it go. ''You got nowhere else to go,'' he reminded. ''I'll find somewhere,'' ''And they'll find you,'' he snapped. ''Again. And they'll hurt you again,'' ''Then I'll handle it!'' ''Why you being so goddamn difficult, huh? I'm tryin' to help you, protect you, and you just wanna go back out there and get killed this time,'' he spoke angrily. ''I don't wanna be your damn problem Forrest!'' she yelled. ''I can't. I don't deserve your help, I don't deserve your protection and I damn well don't deserve to stay somewhere I turned my back on,'' Forrest remained expressionless as Evie pushed her back onto the seat, trying to fix an ache. It seemed the mere act of raising her voice was painful now too. He now saw why she was being so reluctant to come back with him, because she didn't feel entitled to it. But that was her home too. She grew up on that property as much as he did, their families looked out for one another. It didn't matter that she took off for three years, it was still her home. Forrest could be mad about it for years, he would always feel hurt by it, but that didn't change the fact he cared about her. It didn't change a thing about how he felt. There were many times during Evie's absence where Forrest wished she wouldn't come back, that if she did they wouldn't say a word to one another. But that didn't change a thing. When he saw her again, it didn't mean a damn thing. He didn't know how long he had been staring at her before he realized her eyes watering, one small tear rolling down her cheek. Evie tried her best not to cry in front of other, she found it too embarrassing, but she was beyond exhausted and too tired to hold them back. ''Come on now,'' Forrest's voice called to her softly. ''I know I said I couldn't stand it, but you should hate me,'' she advised. ' ''Well, I ain't known for doin' what I should,'' ''It would make your life a lot easier,'' ''I doubt that,'' Evie had never been so relieved to see no cars at the station when they arrived. It was bad enough that she was going to have to face Howard at some point, she didn't want to deal with a bar full of people. Forrest helped her step out of the truck but that was all Evie was accepting. She could handle the stairs on her own, she could open the doors for herself. Forrest didn't know how he managed to forget just how stubborn she could be. He trailed behind her with bag in his hand, showing her to the spare room upstairs. Evie knew where everything was, but she took her time walking not only because of her broken leg, but to take in what had changed and what hadn't. Everything she missed seeing the other night when her and Forrest stumbled up to his room in darkness. ''You uh, make yourself at home now,'' Forrest told her as he sat her bag beside the bed. Evie said nothing as he turned his back and headed for the door, but she stopped him once he had taken a step out into the hall. ''Forrest,'' she called. ''Mm,'' he turned back to her. ''Thank you,'' There was no other comment attached to her words. No argument that she didn't need to be here, no protesting against his help, just a genuine thank you. Evie might not have liked the fact she needed help or the fact she felt unworthy of it, but she did know that she was scared. If those men came back and found her in town, she would be dead, there would be no warning or lesson to be learnt. And although she would never admit that fear aloud, Forrest could see it. The first night at the station offered Evie no sleep. It wasn't the aching or the cold air that kept her from rest, but the images in her head of Clive and his men coming for her. She had run ins with many bad people over the years, but she had never been ambushed. Those people she got involved with were the worst kind of dangerous. They had no limits, all they cared about was payback. So Evie laid wide awake in the spare room, exhausted but unable to sleep, as her horrors haunted her over and over again. She had many regrets over the past few years but one always lingered in her mind, one that was standing out to her quite a lot that night. She should have never left this place. If Evie could choose to do one thing for the rest of her life, it would be to sit at the top of a mountain at sunset with Forrest by her side. They had driven all afternoon to get to the top of the mountain they always stared at from their home which now looked like a small dot in the distance. She liked when they took off like this. They'd finished what they had to at their farms for the day, they gathered whatever they could and just drove. Forrest's father would probably be wondering where they were in his truck, but that was something they would deal with when they went back. Anytime either of them were missing from their family farms, everyone knew they would off somewhere together. They were eighteen. They were in love. Although neither of them had admit that yet, it was quite obvious to everyone around them. Evie leaned back on the blanket they had laid out, her head falling into Forrest's lap. He looked down at her, a smile pulling at the corner of his lips, and began running his fingers through the ends of her hair. Evie let out a content sigh and gazed up at him. ''Can we live here?'' she asked with a sweet smile. Forrest chuckled, seeing how serious she was. ''On the edge of a mountain that takes more then an hour to get to?'' ''It's perfect,'' Evie nodded. ''Ain't no one around to bother us,'' ''Except each other,'' Evie frowned and looked back up at him. ''You sayin' I'm a bother?'' ''You always bother me Evelyn,'' Evie pushed herself up until she was just below Forrest's chin, leaning on his chest. ''In what way?'' she asked quietly, a mischievous look on her face. Forrest smirked, shaking his head at how she always pulled the seductive tricks out. But he always fell for them, every time. Leaning down to her lips, Forrest stopped before kissing her to whisper. ''A real good way,'' Evie's hand went to Forrest's cheek as she pulled him closer, prolonging the slow and soft kiss. Something neither of them would grow tired of was one another's lips. ''Never looked better Evelyn,'' Evie rolled her eyes at Howard as she slowly made her way to the bar to pour a cup of coffee. She didn't know where Forrest was off to, but he had a farm to run, he had probably been up and working for hours. Evie managed to get maybe one or two hours of rest during the night and apparently that was quite obvious to the oldest Bondurant boy. ''I tell you what, you sure know how to get yourself in a whole heap of shit,'' Howard shook his head. ''No arguments from me on that one,'' she groaned, lifting the cup to her lips and smelling the strong coffee. ''So that's your plan is it? Bring your shit back here with you after all these years and get Forrest to pick up behind you,'' Evie had been expecting all of this from Howard. They both saw this situation the same way. This was why Evie didn't want to stay here, she didn't want anyone thinking she was using what her and Forrest had to get out of her mess. Her and Howard always thought on the same path, one of the many reasons they clashed quite often, but she didn't know how to argue against something she also believed. ''I ain't gonna be here long,'' she told him, frowning as she took a mouthful of hot coffee. Howard turned to look at her with another shake of his head. It seemed everything she did offended him. There was three years of pent up anger he had yet to unleash on her yet, but she was hoping his alcoholic state would minimize it. ''So you takin' off again?'' he asked angrily. ''Why'd you bother comin' back then?'' ''I'm not leaving the goddamn county,'' she cut him off with a glare. ''I just ain't stayin' here, it's not my place,'' ''What'd you expect, you just took off on him,'' Evie noticed the change in Howard's voice, looking over to him as he began eating his breakfast. He hated what she had done to Forrest, just as she did, but unlike her he had witnessed Forrest over those years. He saw his brother with a broken heart. ''He should hate me like you do. I don't know why he doesn't,'' ''You know damn well why he don't hate you,'' Howard mumbled. ''He tried, for a while there I thought he did, but then you show up again and he's actin' like a schoolboy again,'' ''I wanted him to hate me, I was sure when I came back he would but I couldn't stand the thought of it,'' she told him, amazed at the fact she was having an actual conversation with Howard. ''Well it ain't my business,'' Howard huffed, standing up and pushing his plate away. ''But whatever mess you're in, just know we got more than enough shit to deal with 'round here,'' Then Howard disappeared out the front door, probably on his way to the barn to find a fresh jar of moonshine and get on with his day. Evie stood by the bar and kept drinking her coffee, Howard's words playing on her mind. You know damn well why he don't hate you.[Chapter 6] I just want to thank everyone reading the story and I'd love to encourage some feedback, I really want to hear from you guys to know if you're liking it so far or if there's anything you'd like to see included, anything really! Thanks! It was late at night when Forrest heard noises from the spare room where Evie was staying. Being a light sleeper, not much got by him at night, he heard everything. He could heard heavy breathing and then a few creaks of the floorboards. It wasn't his business what she was doing in there, she probably needed to go to the bathroom or grab a glass of water, nothing was wrong. But it plagued Forrest's thoughts too much for him to simply lay there and go back to sleep. Kicking off his blankets, he stood up from his mattress on the floor and carefully walked over to the door, peering out and across the hall to the spare room. He couldn't help himself now, he had to check on her. Forrest did his best to move around silently, pushing the door to Evie's room slightly and seeing an empty bed. ''Sorry,'' a voice came from the other side of the room. ''Didn't mean to wake you,'' Forrest watched as Evie wrapped one arm around her stomach, the other holding her weight as she leaned against the dresser in the corner. The moon was bright in the sky, it's light shining through the window and onto Evie, beads of sweat visible on her bare shoulder which was muddled with bruises. She looked like she was in agony, every part of her body in pain. ''Um, you alright?'' he asked, taking a step further into the room. Evie felt like crying. She managed to fall asleep early on in the night but was jolted awake by a nightmare, her body sitting straight up as she choked for breath, pain searing through her as she remembered she had two broken ribs. Then she had to stand up, she had to try and breathe. She didn't expect to wake him up, but she also forgot just how much of a light sleeper he was. ''I'm fine,'' she nodded, her breathing unsteady. ''No you ain't,'' he walked closer, seeing that her body was trembling. ''You shouldn't be up,'' ''Well sleeping isn't working,'' Forrest knew what she meant. He had seen a lot in his life, done a lot of bad things and witnessed more horrific scenes than one should. He knew how it made sleeping difficult. Evie moved from the dresser back to the bed, sitting on the edge as she winced in pain. Forrest could see tears stinging her eyes, but she just took a deep breath and looked toward the window, trying to stop her lip from quivering. ''Evie,'' Forrest began, stepping closer. ''They ain't gonna hurt you again, you hear me? Nobody's gonna hurt you,'' ''I know,'' she sniffled, nodding. ''I'm gonna find those bastards,'' ''Forrest-'' ''I will find them,'' he assured. ''Forrest, please,'' Evie looked up at him with pleading eyes. She didn't want to hear about those men anymore, she didn't want them on her mind at all. She especially didn't want the thought of Forrest running into them. If he got hurt because of her she wouldn't be able to forgive herself. Forrest moved closer and closer until he was standing right in front of her and Evie leaned forward to rest her forehead against his stomach. Forrest took a moment before resting his hand on her shoulder. This was the most vulnerable he had seen Evie since she had been back. Forrest could tell she was scared of her old life catching up with her again, but he wasn't going to let anyone hurt her again. Being cooped up in the spare room grew tiring quite fast. After a few days, Evie started a new routine of spending the morning out on the porch with a cigarette, watching as the Bondurant boys began their work for the day. It made her feel rather lazy as she had nothing to do with her day, but it only took a slight movement for her to remember exactly why she wasn't up for any tasks. One morning as she made her way downstairs, quite quickly now that she had abandoned the crutches she hated so much, she heard a pan sizzling on the stove. It was far too late in the morning for any of the boys to still be in the restaurant for breakfast, but as Evie made it to the bottom stair, she looked over to see woman with strawberry blonde hair cooking behind the bar. She had heard Howard comment on the new help they had in the bar area, but Evie had never met her until this moment. ''Oh, mornin','' the woman looked over at Evie with a friendly grin. ''I didn't know anyone was left up there. You like some breakfast?'' Evie stared at the woman for a moment before she realized she had yet to say a word. ''Um, just some coffee,'' Evie nodded, stepping closer to the bar stool to sit. The woman began fixing up a cup and pouring some freshly brewed coffee, one hand balancing the kettle and the other flipping the bacon in the frying pan. The woman looked familiar to Evie, but she couldn't place where she had seen her before or if she had actually see her at all. Those thoughts were quickly gone once a warm mug was placed on the counter in front of her, the strong smell of coffee overpowering her. Evie took a sip as she looked out the front door, seeing Jack in the distance down at the barn. ''I'm Maggie Beauford,'' Evie turned back to the counter where the woman's hand was extended, a cigarette in the other as she gave a polite smile. Evie reached over and took her hand, shaking it lightly. ''Evie Henry,'' ''You work on the farm?'' Maggie asked, turning back to the stove for a moment. ''No, just a temporary house guest,'' Evie told her with a sigh. ''Well there are worse places you could be,'' Maggie offered. ''It's lovely out here,'' ''You not from 'round here?'' Evie asked curiously. Maggie shook her head, the smile falling from her lips and she turned again. Moving the bacon from the pan to a plate, the woman lit another cigarette and put the plate on the counter in front of them both. ''No, I'm from the city,'' Maggie told her with a shrug. ''What brings you out this way?'' Evie questioned casually, lighting a cigarette for herself. ''It can be a bit much. The noise, the drama, the people are-'' ''Assholes,'' Evie cut in with a light chuckle. Maggie smiled in return. ''You been around those sorts too?'' ''Can't say I enjoyed my travels,'' Evie nodded. ''So what brings you out this way?'' Maggie inquired. Evie took a moment, swallowing her mouthful of coffee and looking back out the front door. Forrest was opening up the large doors of the barn and guiding the car up the the crates inside. A cigar wedged between his lips and a mean look on his face, Forrest was a man many people in Franklin County feared. But the only thing that Evie feared of him was his absence. ''It's my home,'' Maggie watched as Evie turned back to her coffee, finishing the last of it before she poured more into the mug, sensing one cup wasn't enough. The red haired woman could tell there was something between Evie and Forrest Bondurant. A few times during the day he would walk up the stairs for a few minutes before coming back down and continuing on with his day. ''So you went away for a while, huh?'' Maggie asked, sparking up the conversation again. Evie nodded, bringing the warm cup to her lips again. ''Where'd you go?'' ''Here and there, I lost track,'' she shook her head. ''What made you leave this place?'' Evie shrugged her shoulders. She was tired of that question. She asked herself the same thing everyday. Every time she looked out the window and imagined that life she could have been living compared to all the mistakes she had made. Maybe it was all too late now. She was sick of thinking about it. ''Young and stupid I suppose,'' Evie told the woman before drinking the remains of her coffee. ''Thanks,'' Maggie watched as Evie limped back toward the staircase, glancing out the front door one more time before heading back up to her room. She wondered if she had asked too many questions, been to intrusive, but then again Evie may have been a bit like Forrest himself in that way. They didn't say too much, but they had a lot on their mind. Evie was standing in front of the mirror in her room, staring at the battered reflection of her body. The purple bruises around her ribs were so dark that she thought they would never fade. She hated that someone had made her like this, that she couldn't have fought back, that they had won over her. But it was done now, she wouldn't have to see them again. At least she hoped. If they did come back, she was going to make them feel even worse than the condition they had left her in. Her head whipped around to the door as she heard a glass smash downstairs. It was late afternoon and the Bondurant boys were out for the evening delivering a few crates of liquor, Maggie was in charge of the restaurant. It wasn't long after Forrest informed Evie they were leaving that she had gone down to see what Maggie was dealing with. There were only two men quietly eating dinner, but by the commotion she could hear, they weren't so quiet anymore. Evie quickly buttoned up her shirt, hurrying over to the door with her limp as she shoved her gun into the back of her pants. When she opened her door and headed down the hall toward the stairs, Evie could hear Maggie telling them to leave. ''We're closin' up,'' Maggie declared. ''Go on now,'' ''Aw come on darlin','' one of the men complained with a laugh. ''You ain't gotta be like that,'' ''Imagine the fun we could have,'' the other encouraged. ''We ain't goin' nowhere,'' ''I said we're closin','' Maggie told them again in a firmer voice. ''And I said we ain't going,'' ''I suggest you rethink that,'' Both of the men and Maggie turned to Evie at the bottom of the stairs, a fiery glare staring back at them. No one spoke for a moment as the men realized there was more than just the one woman left at the restaurant. But they didn't look worried, instead they seemed even more excited to continue their persuasion. ''And who might you be honey?'' the bigger man asked, a grin on his lips. ''I'm tellin' you to get the fuck out,'' Evie answered angrily. ''Looks like we got two playin' hard to get,'' the other man laughed. ''Do I look like I'm playing?'' Evie snapped, pulling out her gun and aiming toward them. Maggie gasped and stood back, moving further down the bar toward Evie as she watched carefully for what was going to happen. The men chuckled lightly to themselves, taking a step closer. Evie didn't know what was making her more angry. The fact they were so stupid or the fact they thought she wouldn't shoot them. ''Calm down sweetie, no need to-'' Evie had enough, firing a bullet into the man's leg. He screamed in pain as he fell to the floor, the other man looking down at him in surprise. ''You fucking bitch!'' the man on the ground cried. Then Evie saw the other man reach behind his back to grab his own gun, but she was quicker and shot his arm, causing the same reaction as the other man. Maggie didn't know what to do. Evie walked over to them and kicked away the man's gun he dropped, aiming back and forth between the two as they stared back at her in fear. Finally. ''Now get your asses up and get the fuck out, hear me?'' It was night by the time they got back. The back of the truck was empty, another successful sale day. Jack was the first to exit the truck, then Forrest. Howard must have had more pressing matters to attend to in town such as a barn full of women and whiskey. Evie was sitting on the porch with a cigarette between her lips and a gun by her side. Forrest immediately had a feeling something was wrong when he saw her, but Jack ran ahead of him, getting in the first word. ''How you doing Evie?'' the youngest brother asked. ''Not bad Jack, yourself?'' Evie replied with a smile. ''Just fine,'' Jack grinned. ''Starvin' though,'' ''There's dinner in on the stove, help yourself,'' When Jack hurried inside at the promise of food, Forrest made his way onto the porch. Evie looked out a the stars in the sky before she felt Forrest's stare, turning to meet his gaze. He looked worried, as he did almost every time he looked at her lately. She didn't like that. ''Everything alright?'' he asked cautiously. ''I told Maggie to finish up early,'' she told him. ''Had a few unpleasant customers,'' ''They give you any trouble?'' ''Nothing I couldn't handle,'' Evie shook her head, lifting the gun in her hand to show him how she done so. ''They'll probably come back lookin' to have a word with you about it all,'' ''I'm sure they will,'' Forrest nodded, walking over to sit on the other side of the small table. Evie watched him take off hit hat and sit it in the middle of the table, his eyes looking out at the night sky just as hers were a moment ago. It was always beautiful here at night, everything was illuminated by the moon, everything was peaceful. So that's where they remained, sitting in comfortable silence, neither of them feeling the need to say a word.[Chapter 7] Once again, thanks for everyone reading and leaving reviews, I really love hearing from you guys. Also with Forrest and Evie's age, they're in their late 20's/early 30's. The flashbacks are all different ages, I'll start clarifying that, I apologize. Evie watched the orange glow of her cigarette die down as she stubbed it out, pushing away the small glass ashtray as Maggie placed a cup in front of her. The intoxicating smell of coffee made it's way to her senses and she could barely wait to take a sip. ''I've got some eggs and bacon on the stove and some fresh toast,'' Maggie told her happily. ''Oh no I'm fine thank y-'' ''Don't be silly, I ain't seen you eat a proper meal since I've been here,'' Evie preferred coming down for her meals when the restaurant was empty, usually after Maggie had gone and no one was around. It wasn't that she disliked the people who came by, she just liked it better when it was quiet. It had been a few days since she had been down during hours and although there were some people over in the corner eating their lunch, she didn't mind it. She hadn't seen Forrest in a couple of days either, only heard his voice down the hall or caught a glance of him working around the property from her window. Evie didn't mind being alone, it was by choice anyway, but after the chaos and drama her life had been filled with in the past few years it was nice to feel safe and comfortable somewhere. Especially here. ''I gotta say thank you again for the other evenin','' Maggie spoke, leaning against the bar as the eggs and bacon sizzled behind her. ''I told you not to worry about it,'' Evie shook her head, taking another mouthful of coffee. ''I know, but I can't imagine what would've happened...'' she shook her head. ''Just know I'm grateful,'' Evie looked up and smiled with a nod before Maggie turned to gather up the food. She wasn't too hungry before, but now that she could see the crispy bacon and smell the fresh bread she was starving. Maggie had a grin on her lips as she sat the full plate down in front of Evie. ''Thank you,'' ''More than welcome,'' Maggie smiled proudly. ''You should come down for lunch more often, don't it get lonely up there?'' Evie shrugged her shoulders, finishing off a mouthful of bacon. ''It doesn't bother me,'' ''You're a lot like him,'' Maggie noted. ''Who's that?'' ''Forrest,'' Evie paused as she lifted the fork to her mouth, shaking her thoughts reaching for her coffee instead. Maggie saw the slight panic in her movements and smiled to herself. It was Evie's favorite day of the year. It was the county's market day and the town was overrun with people. Every family, every farm, every person was in the town center buying and selling local goods. It was a day full of music, dancing and drinking up all of the homemade liquor. Evie's family had brought down a truck full of overflowing crates to sell and so did the Bondurants. Evie and Forrest spotted one another at the same time. Forrest had a dark blue shirt on, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows as he unloaded the crates, his eyes glued on Evie who was wearing a dress in almost the exact same shade. ''Evelyn!'' Forrest watched as Evie's attention was taken by her father handing her a few bags of fruit. Soon the same thing happened to Forrest, his mother reminding him that the sooner they unpacked the truck the sooner him and his brothers would be able to go do whatever they pleased. It was almost an hour later when Forrest was walking through the crowd of people, his hands pushed down in his pockets as he maneuvered his way further into the town center. It wasn't until he made his way over to a quiet corner to observe at a distance that he felt someone standing close behind him. ''Fancy seeing you here,'' Evie smiled, folding her arms as she leaned against the brick wall beside them. Forrest grinned back at her, his mood lifting significantly just by hearing her voice. He wasn't a massive fan of the crowds, but Evie made it much more bearable. The dress she was wearing did in fact match his shirt color and was even more appealing up close. It was long sleeve due to the icy winds, but it clung to her skin perfectly. Forrest couldn't believe how much he enjoyed looking at her. ''I've never seen you lookin' so handsome,'' Evie enjoyed the way Forrest smiled lightly and looked down at his feet shyly. She also enjoyed that she was only person who made him do that or who even got to witness it. ''You look...beautiful,'' Forrest told her in a quiet voice. Evie's lips pulled into a tight smile before she looked around, reaching up on her toes to kiss him. Neither of them had made it public that they were any sort of couple, they hadn't told anyone, they hadn't even spoken about it. They were like that though. Things just happened and fell into place, they didn't overthink any of it. ''Come on,'' Forrest walked along behind Evie as she lead the way behind the building to an open field. Every other part of town was all but deserted. Evie kept walking, turning to see that Forrest was still following as she made her way into the middle of field. The grass was long enough to graze along the tips of her fingers as they hung by her side and the sun shone brightly against her face as she looked up toward it. The music from the town was still just as audible as it was a moment ago and Evie took a few steps closer to Forrest, taking his hand in her own. ''What you doin'?'' Forrest asked with a curious smile. ''I remember you sayin' you'd dance with me today,'' Evie reminded. Forrest immediately stiffened at the thought of dancing. He wasn't coordinated enough for that and if he was, he was sure he would still look like an absolute fool trying to do so. ''I did not,'' he shook his head but made no attempt to distance himself from her body which was now pressed against his. ''I said maybe,'' ''One dance,'' she looked up at him with a pout. ''Ain't no one around,'' Forrest looked behind them, no one in sight, then back at Evie who hadn't taken her eyes off him. ''One dance,'' he repeated. Evie almost yelped in excitement. Forrest snaked one hand around her waist and used his other hand to entwine their fingers. Then they began to sway to the side, the music controlling their pace. Forrest didn't know if he was doing it right, but if he was Evie didn't notice one bit. The truth was, Forrest didn't care what he looked like trying to dance or if anyone was secretly watching, he just enjoyed holding her like this. They moved around like that for a few minutes before Evie leaned her head against his chest, their bodies still swaying. Two different songs had played but neither of them stopped moving. Evie was beginning the think Forrest enjoyed dancing, and even he was contemplating that theory. He pressed a soft kiss against her head before he rest his own against it, pulling her as close to him as possible. When Evie had told Forrest those two men from the other night would come back looking for a word with him, she hated that she had been right. It was almost closing time when Maggie looked up from the bar to see two unfamiliar and unwanted faces walking in through the door. She didn't even wait for them to say a word, instead rushing straight over to Forrest's office and knocking a few times on the door as she kept her eyes on the two men. They were looking around the restaurant, their eyes scanning for anyone else that was around. ''Forrest,'' Maggie poked her head into his office. Looking up from his notebook, Forrest immediately abandoned his work as he saw the look of panic on Maggie's face. Every now and then there would be a few troublemakers coming into the place, but Forrest or Howard soon sorted them out. Right now it was only up to Forrest to handle since Howard was out selling moonshine to a few locals in town for the night and Jack was off somewhere with Cricket. Each of the men had their own way of letting Forrest know they were the same gentlemen Evie had sent running the other night. One had a thick bandage wrapped around his hand while the other had quite a limp in his walk. ''We're closed,'' Forrest told them, walking out ahead of Maggie who hurried back over to the bar. ''Where is she?'' one of them asked with a tone of annoyance. ''Who might that be?'' ''The other bitch you got working here,'' he clarified angrily. ''The one that shot us,'' Forrest resisted the urge to let his anger out on them just yet, curling his fingers into fists. ''There a problem?'' he asked with a glare. ''A problem? You fuckin' deaf?'' the other man spoke. ''You running this place, ain't you? We got shot!'' ''Oh I'm sure it was warranted,'' Forrest shrugged, reaching into his pocket to slip his fingers through his brass knuckles. The two men looked angrier at Forrest now, both of them stepping closer to him before Forrest launched his fist toward the closest one. Maggie called out to him in fear, both her hands covering her mouth as she watched on in horror. Evie's door swung open violently as she heard the noises down in the restaurant, rushing as best she could toward the stairs. She didn't bother tucking her gun into the pocket of her pants, instead holding it tight in her hand as she hurried down the stairs. Her heart began beating faster as she saw the two men from the other night both attacking Forrest. The sound of his brass knuckles hitting their bodies was gruesome. Evie lifted her gun and fired a shot toward the men, hitting the chair just behind one of their legs. All three men turned to the woman who shot the bullet, eyes wide for an array of reasons. ''You bitch!'' one of the men growled, turning his attention from Forrest to her. ''You think you just fuckin'-'' Cutting him off, Evie fired another shot toward the man, this one hitting his chest. Forrest pinned the other man against the wall as they all watched his friend drop to the ground, motionless. ''Merv!'' the man shouted in anger. ''You fuckin' killed him!'' Evie lowered her hand as she stared at the man's body, heart beating fast and mind spinning with thoughts. Forrest watched her worriedly in the silent room, time seeming to have stopped for a moment. Then the man in his grip hit his head hard against Forrest's, swinging his fist around to hit him again in the jaw. The commotion over by the side was enough to grab Evie's attention again, seeing Forrest fall back to the ground. Then all that rage came back, but she soon discovered the other man had a gun too, and it was pointed right at her. ''I'm gone enjoy this,'' he told her with a grin as he moved closer. Evie didn't have time to raise her own weapon. Forrest groaned as he moved around, looking up and seeing what was going on. His heart almost stopped. Then his body took over, scrambling to his feet while falling forward to grab the man's waist, pulling him down to the ground hard. But not before he fired toward Evie, his bullet causing a river of red to fall down her shoulder.[Chapter 8] ''Forrest it barely hit me,'' Evie argued as she held her hand on her shoulder. They were sitting in Forrest's office, a box of first aid supplies on the desk in front of them. Howard had arrived home not long after the drama and he and Forrest both took the men out of the restaurant. Evie didn't ask what they did with them, instead she stared down at the floor, thinking about the fact she had killed a man moments earlier. Evie had killed a few people in her life, all of them deserving of their punishment, but it never left her with a good feeling. Taking a life was never easy, but sometimes it had to be done. ''From the blood I'm seein' I think it did some damage,'' he fought, dipping a cloth into some water. ''You don't have to-'' ''Well I am,'' Evie stared up at him for a moment before relenting. She let go of her shoulder, her blood stained hands working now on undoing the buttons on her shirt. Forrest cleared his throat awkwardly, watching as she slid one arm out of the sleeves with a hiss of pain. Forrest did his best to ignore the fact she was half undressed in front of him and began carefully cleaning away the blood from her wound. They both remained in silence as Forrest sat down the damp cloth, reaching over for a bandage to wrap around her shoulder and stop it from bleeding even more. It was a deep gash, but it could have been so much worse. Evie turned her head slightly to look up at his focused expression, noticing the blood around his lip and next to his eye. It was easy to forget that Forrest ever felt pain after a fight, he gave off no indication of discomfort. ''I'm sorry,'' she spoke quietly, still eyeing his wounds. ''It seems I can't stop causing trouble for you,'' Forrest stopped what he was doing, moving back and shaking his head. ''You ain't no trouble,'' ''It's all I've done since I've been back,'' ''Those bastards would have been a pain in my ass no matter what,'' he denied. ''Ain't your fault, alright?'' Evie stared back at him, hearing his words but disagreeing entirely. This was his life and even given their past, she still felt like she was intruding with her own problems. Even when she tried to help, she ended up getting him hurt. The last thing she ever wanted was to make his life difficult. Forrest could tell she felt guilty, nothing he said would change that, she was a stubborn woman. Forrest's life was always full of danger and bad people, it was what he had grown up around and it was what his business dealt with. Having Evie around changed none of that, but she wouldn't see it that way. ''You gonna let me take care of you now?'' she asked, snapping out of her thoughts. ''Huh?'' Evie stood up and pressed her fingers to the side of his face, tracing along his skin right near the cut on his eyebrow. Forrest felt the sting of her touch closing in on his wound, but he gave off no sign of it in his expression. ''Sit,'' she ordered. Forrest moved past her and reluctantly sat down, letting out a long sigh as Evie rummaged through the first aid kit for some ointment, watching as she tucked her long hair behind her ear. He wondered if she could tell he was staring at her, if she could tell every time he was staring at her when she wasn't looking. After a moment, Evie turned to Forrest with a small piece of ointment soaked cotton and carefully angled his face up toward the light. Forrest tried to look anywhere else, but it seemed his eyes couldn't take focus off her careful gaze. ''At least this won't be adding to your collection of scars,'' she told him as her hand gently moved along his face. ''Can't say the same for yours,'' Forrest told her, eyes gesturing to her shoulder. ''The way I am at the moment it'll blend in just fine,'' she shrugged, continuing her work. Forrest didn't like thinking of the fact that someone had hurt her once again and he didn't stop it. He hated that they had come in here looking to hurt her in the place he told her she would be safe. But they wouldn't be coming back, he and Howard had made sure of that. So did Evie. Forrest watched Evie shoot the man, he saw the look on her face after she pulled the trigger. ''You alright?'' he asked as she finished cleaning the cut near his eye. Evie stepped away from him and leaned against the desk, pulling her hair behind her ears once again. She knew Forrest wasn't asking about her shoulder this time. ''I know the type that'll come back with bigger guns,'' she told him, folding her arms. ''I started it, only fair I finish it, right?'' ''This ain't your fault,'' he shook his head. ''Don't do that,'' she sighed, stepping forward to stand in front of him. ''I'm not fragile, I'm not made of glass,'' ''Damned if I don't already know that,'' Forrest moved his hands to rest below her hips, holding her gently where she was as he felt her hands on his shoulders. They stared at one another in silence, no expression on their faces. Evie's hands moved up to run her fingers through his hair and Forrest's eyes slowly closed as he sighed in content. He was sure there wasn't another person on the planet that could make him feel so calm. Evie liked seeing him like this. Forrest never said much about how he felt, but she knew he had a million things running through his mind, torturing and worrying him. But when they were alone and she held him, she could see all of that roll off his shoulders. ''It's late,'' Evie yawned, slowly moving back. ''Mmm,'' Forrest agreed. All the lights in the restaurant were off as Forrest walked Evie upstairs, following behind as she limped her way toward her bedroom door. She already knew it would be more of a struggle tonight to get to sleep after what had happened, there was a lot that would be flashing through her mind. Another thing to keep her awake, another nightmare she would be reliving. Evie pushed her door open but stopped when Forrest leaned against the doorframe, watching as she turned toward him. ''I'm okay Forrest,'' she smiled up at him tiredly. ''You ain't gotta worry about me,'' ''You don't make it easy,'' he scoffed. ''Yeah, I guess not,'' With him standing there so close, it was hard for Evie not to lean in and put her hands against his chest, feeling the thump of his heart beneath her fingers. Forrest tried to stop his breathing from getting out of control but it was hard when she glanced up at him, their faces closer than he thought. Forrest took charge of the moment, dipping his head slightly to capture her lips with his own, one hand sliding along her jaw. Evie's hands remained on his chest for a moment before snaking their way up to his neck. Their kiss was soft and slow, savoring every moment until they paused to take a breath. Forrest could feel Evie's breath against his lips, sending a shiver through his body. ''Will you stay with me for a while?'' It was in the early hours of the morning when Forrest woke up, quickly remembering he wasn't in his room. Evie laid beside him, the bottom half of her body covered by blankets and the top half only covered by a thin undergarment. One of her hands were resting on his stomach, her head resting comfortably between a pillow and his chest. Forrest hadn't slept so well in a long time. He didn't intend to fall asleep, but he was glad that he did. Waking up for a moment and noticing Evie by his side and feeling her move closer to him in her sleep, Forrest had missed that. He missed being so near to her. The morning sun was just beginning to rise and Forrest made his first attempt to move, knowing work had to be done. Waking up in the middle of winter wasn't as painful as waking up and having to leave Evie. ''No,'' she groaned, her arm stretching over his body. Forrest wasn't aware she was awake, pausing his movements and watching her try to grab a tight hold of him. His lips quickly pulled into an amused grin, reaching out to push her long hair out of her face. Forrest always thought Evie was beautiful, he had never laid eyes on someone he admired more, and even with her mouth hanging open and hair in a mess, he thought no different. ''Time...what time?'' she mumbled. ''About five,'' Forrest guessed by glancing out the window. Evie let out a long sigh that turned into a groan as Forrest began to push back the blankets. For as long as he could remember he had been awake and working before the sun had completely risen, his body was in a habit, but Evie's wasn't. ''Don't want to,'' she mumbled as she reached out for the hem of Forrest's shirt to pull him back. ''You don't have to go anywhere,'' he reminded, sitting on the edge of the bed and leaning over to press a kiss to her forehead. ''Go back to sleep,'' Evie closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of his lips on her skin. This was what she wanted in her life. She wanted to fall asleep with Forrest and wake up with him by her side, she wanted to see him everyday instead of keeping their distance. She wanted him in her life. ''Forrest,'' she called out quietly, rolling over in the bed to face the door. ''Yeah?'' he turned, his hand resting on the door handle. ''Come back, won't you?'' Forrest had already planned on doing that later in the evening anyway, but he was glad she felt the same. ''Yes ma'am,'' Evie watched as the doctor looked over her file, scribbling something on a piece of paper as he adjusted his glasses. It had been a few weeks of limping and getting around much slower than usual, but the cast around Evie's leg was finally gone. It felt wrong to walk on it, it was a lot weaker than it was before, but she was beyond relieved to be back to normal. Her ribs were still a bit sore and there were some marks on her body that weren't going to go away, but it was nothing she wasn't willing to deal with. Forrest was standing out by the truck smoking a cigar, his hat pulled forward almost covering his eyes. Evie walked out of the hospital doors and smiled at the sight of the man waiting for her. The past few weeks had been so normal that both of them questioned if they were losing their minds. Evie was downstairs helping Maggie more during the day, even sitting down to have her meals with Forrest instead of an empty room, and of a night she slept with ease. Although she credited that to the fact she spent most of her nights in Forrest's arms. ''Free at last,'' Forrest looked up immediately at the voice, tilting his hat back to look at her. She looked just as she did when she walked in, but her leg was significantly less bulky beneath her pants. ''How's it feel?'' ''Good as new,'' she smiled. They wasted no time hopping into the truck to get away from the hospital. It had been quite a while since Forrest had been away from the station in the middle of the day, it felt odd to him. Evie began thanking Forrest again for helping her over the past few weeks but he told her not to worry about any of it. She had been no nuisance to him, he liked having her around. But now he worried that was going to change.[Chapter 9] Hey guys, I hope you enjoy this chapter because a lot happens! Although neither of them had said a word about it, both Forrest and Evie were thinking about the fact that when they returned to the station, they were going to have to deal with her leaving. Evie didn't want to overstay her welcome, she was only supposed to be staying while she recovered and she was more than capable of going off on her own again now. But she couldn't stop thinking about how good these past few weeks had been, how close her and Forrest had become, how much had been mended between them. Forrest didn't want her to go. She might have just found a hotel in town, but it was still too far away for his liking. Not only did he worry about some rather bad people finding her, but he was going to miss seeing her everyday and he had only just become used to it again. Three years without her and then over a month of living in the same house, he wasn't ready to let her go again. ''Where we going?'' Evie asked as Forrest turned off the road. ''Thought you might wanna see something,'' Evie studied the amused look on his face when he saw her confusion, wondering where they were off too. But it didn't take long at all for her to realize where he was taking her. She remembered the rocky track, granted it was a little more worn down than the last time she had been this way, but she knew that it was the beginning of a drive her and Forrest used to take every now and then. They had a few places all over the county that they liked to visit, but this one took a bit longer to get to and therefore took up their whole afternoon. Evie wondered if he had come up here in the years she was gone, but she doubted he would have wanted to be reminded of the girl who took off on him. Forrest glanced over and saw that Evie had a genuine smile on her lips as she looked out at all the trees they passed and the view they were building to. It was the same look she had on her face every time they used to come up here. It was contagious too, Forrest realizing he was grinning like a teenager too as they made it to the top of the mountain. Evie was glad the cast on her leg was off because she all but jumped out of the car and hurried to the edge, standing on top of one of the large boulders and looking around at the county below. There was no other view that matched this one. Right here she could see everywhere she grew up, all the memories she shared with her family and Forrest, her whole life. Not a moment later she felt Forrest beside her, his arm brushing against her own as he lowered his hands into his pockets. ''Won't get this view anywhere else,'' Evie sighed happily, admiring her surroundings. ''You been all around the country,'' Forrest reminded. ''You must have seen somethin' more interesting,'' ''Hell no,'' she shook her head adamantly. ''Ain't nothing like this right here. Never thought I'd see it again,'' ''You would've been back one day,'' ''I don't think I would've survived much longer to get back,'' Forrest hated imagining the life Evie was living for the past few years. It wasn't a life she enjoyed living. The business she was involved in was much bigger than selling moonshine and having a few unpleasant customers, it was far more deadly. But that wasn't her life anymore, she swore it never would be again. She was home now and that's where she intended on staying. ''I wish I knew where you were,'' Forrest told her in a soft, sincere voice. Evie turned to him with a pained expression. ''Don't go putting anything on yourself Forrest,'' she shook her head. ''I got myself into that heap of mess, I'm just glad I crawled out of it,'' ''I would have got you out of there,'' he continued. \"You'd get yourself killed, those people don't play around,'' she explained. ''I'm just glad they ran into me on my own and not out the station,'' ''I ain't,'' he grumbled. ''If they saw you helping me then they'd be after you too,'' ''At least then I wouldn't have to go lookin' for them,'' he shrugged. ''It ain't funny Forrest,'' Evie frowned. ''I ain't laughing,'' he continued. ''They come here and hurt you, I'm involved whether they know it or not,'' ''They won't be back,'' she shook her head. ''Let it go,'' Forrest moved to stand in front of her, his eyes looking straight into hers. ''Someone hurts you, I won't ever let it go,'' he assured. ''Hurtin' you is worse than hurting me,'' Evie stared up at him as her heart began pounding faster, a lump rising in her throat. ''Forrest,'' she whispered. ''I screwed up everything between us, I can't just come back and expect-'' ''You ain't expecting anything,'' he cut in. ''I hurt you so much,'' ''Yeah, you did,'' he nodded. ''But ain't that the way life is,'' Evie didn't even realized his hands on her hips or her hands on his arms. They just melted into one another between words, like they were pulled together by force. ''You're staying at the station,'' he told her after a pause. ''What? Forr-'' ''Stay,'' he told her again,his lips grazing against her own. ''I'm not taking up that spare room,'' she shook her head. ''The hotel is-'' ''With me,'' he interrupted once again. ''Stay with me,'' Evie stared back at him with wide eyes. ''What do you mean?'' ''You know what I mean,'' Forrest wanted her to live with him. He wanted to see her every day and night and he didn't want her at some hotel by herself. Not when they were both used to sharing a bed, when they could only really rest when the other was laying beside them. ''You're sure?'' she asked nervously. ''Yes ma'am,'' They grinned at one another like a couple of young teenagers which is exactly how they felt. Forrest never knew much happiness, but Evie brought all the happiness he needed into his life. That's why he couldn't let her go again. ''Y'know I love you,'' Evie told him, her arms resting on his shoulders as she watched his face react. Forrest's smile faded slightly, adjusting to the shock of her words before it crept back onto his lips. ''Ever since I was a little girl I thought 'I think I'm gonna love that Bondurant boy,' and there hasn't been a day when I haven't,'' she told him with a shy smirk. ''That right?'' he chuckled. ''Well, that boy was thinkin' the same thing about you,'' ''Can't blame you for your good taste,'' Forrest smiled and lifted his hands to rest on her cheek. This was happening. No more ignoring the issue or avoiding the conversation. ''I love you too,'' he told her softly. ''I want you to know that,'' Those were words that Forrest had only said a few times in his life, but every time he meant it. Evie nodded and leaned forward to lay against his chest. ''Yeah, I know,'' Evie balanced a cigarette between her lips as she counted out the cash behind the bar, piling the stacks of money into a safe box that went into Forrest's office. Maggie was wiping down the tables as they listened to the radio, tapping her feet against the wooden floor as she moved around. ''Howard, come dance with me,'' Maggie called out to the man sitting at the bar. Howard laughed and turned to the red haired woman, lifting up his glass of scotch. ''A few more of these and I might,'' Evie looked up from her work and saw Howard push his glass up onto the counter, reaching down to the empty bottle. Before he had a chance to stand up or even complain about the lack of liquor, Evie bent down to grab a new bottle from under the bar and filled his glass. Howard watched and waited for his drink, giving Evie a small smile and nod of appreciation. ''Alright, I might head off if there ain't no more to be done,'' Maggie walked back over, putting away the cleaning supplies. ''I'll see you tomorrow,'' Evie smiled. Howard bid farewell to the woman and began sipping at his scotch, looking down at the liquid swirling around in the glass. There was silence as Evie went back to finishing the money count, the radio beginning to buzz and cut out. It had been over a month since Evie had moved into Forrest's room, officially living at the station. Jack liked having her around, she always tended to take his side in brotherly arguments, but Evie and the eldest Bondurant seemed to always have their differences. ''You really here for good, huh?'' Howard asked after a few minutes passed in silence. Evie looked over at him and noticed he was actually facing her now, speaking directly to her instead of into his glass like every other time he mumbled something her way. ''I ain't going nowhere,'' she assured. ''Yeah, well, if you do make sure you don't come back,'' he told her seriously. ''You takin' off once was bad enough, if you do it again...you can't,'' ''I'm not gonna take off,'' she walked over to stand opposite him. ''Howard, whether you believe it or not, I care about Forrest more than anything. I ain't gonna hurt him again, that's the last thing I want,'' ''Well you seem to have a natural skill for it,'' ''I'm not goin' anywhere Howard, so you gonna have to get used to it,'' Evie snapped before walking back over to finish up her work. There was a soft chuckle on the other side of the bar and Evie glanced up once again with a frown to see Howard laughing in her direction. Lifting the glass of scotch to his lips, Howard's amusement continued as Evie stared back at him. ''Gonna be fun havin' you around,'' he shook his head. ''You and Jack sure do have short fuses,'' Evie looked down at the list in her hand as she sat in the truck, parked on the side of the road in town. She had three full bags of groceries by her side as she checked through what they needed back at the restaurant. Evie and Maggie worked well together and kept the place running smoothly, joking around together as they day went on and they dealt with both pleasant and aggravating customers. Maggie was running the place on her own for a while that day as Evie insisted she go out and grab supplies. Maggie offered to help her, but Evie wanted to go on her own. She didn't want Maggie knowing why she really needed to visit town. ''Evie!'' Jumping in her seat with fright, Evie turned to see Jack and Cricket standing outside the truck by her open window. They looked amused at her reaction but she just huffed and glared back at them. ''You're gonna give me a goddamn heart attack,'' she scolded. ''What are you doin' here?'' ''Just got back from dropping off some crates,'' he told her with a shrug before his eyes widened. ''You ain't gonna believe what happened,'' Evie pushed her door open, stepping outside and taking a deep breath as she waited for Jack to continue. Sometimes she forgot how young the boy was. He was still a kid really, he got up to all sorts of trouble with Cricket. He deserved to have that fun while he was young though. Jack was so eager to be part of the Bondurant's bootlegging business but he had no idea how much of a toll it was going to take on him. ''I saw it right before my eyes, Floyd Banner and a tommy gun walking down the road,'' he told her excitedly. ''Floyd Banner?'' Evie asked, her expression turned to one of concern. ''No lies,'' he nodded. ''Shot a man right through his car window, almost blew the thing up,'' Evie looked down at Jack's hands to see a few bullet shells, the same shells that were in Cricket's hands too. ''What are those?'' ''I grabbed 'em off the road before anyone came along,'' ''We got Floyd Banner's bullets,'' Cricket chimed in. Evie knew Forrest wouldn't like this story. Everyone knew of Floyd Banner. He was one of the most dangerous men in the country. When Evie was in Chicago, she had seen just what he was capable of. Bloody and beaten bodies laying in gutters, sending messages out to all his competitors. And Jack worshiped the man like he was a legend. With his machine guns, luxury cars and expensive suits, Jack saw that as living the dream. ''So tell me,'' Evie began. ''Floyd Banner comes into a town and shoots up some man in front of everyone, and you run out onto the road to collect these like they belong in a museum?'' Jack could sense the anger in her voice. ''Evie...'' ''That man is dangerous Jack, you're lucky he didn't want you killed for standing around,'' she continued. ''Damn it, you're gonna get yourself hurt one of these days,'' ''It ain't my fault I happened to be standing around,'' Jack defended. ''You ran out onto the road Jack,'' ''No one was around, I ain't stupid,'' he groaned. ''Don't go tellin' Forrest,'' Evie gave him a look as if to say of course she wouldn't, she knew Forrest would be furious with him. He was a boy, a stupid young boy doing stupid young things and although it worried Evie, she wouldn't tell Forrest about the bullets. ''Do you need some help with all that?'' Jack asked, looking toward the bags. Evie grinned at his attempt to soften her. Cricket stood by his friend's side ready to help too, but it wasn't necessary. ''I got it, go on now,'' she shook her head. ''And try not to get yourselves killed,'' Forrest always came to bed later than Evie. He had many things he needed to check before he retired for the night, a lot that needed to be safely locked away. But Evie had noticed that since she had moved into his room, he had been finishing up earlier than he used to. That night he managed to walked into the bedroom just before midnight, looking over at the bed to see if Evie was asleep or not. But as usual, she was propped up on her side looking toward him as if she had been holding off on sleep to wait for him. ''You barely keepin' your eyes open,'' he observed as he shut their door and made his way over to kick off his boots. ''Mm,'' she hummed in response. ''Should've gone to sleep,'' ''My body didn't give me any choice,'' she yawned, shuffling close to him as she climbed under the blankets. Forrest's hands reached for her, pulling her body close to his and pressing a kiss to her forehead. Evie loved being in his arms, but tonight she could feel the nerves running through her, his hug unable to shift the tenseness of her body. Something had happened that she desperately needed to tell him but once she did everything was going to change. Evie didn't know how Forrest would deal with the news, but she had kept it to herself for too long already. ''Forrest,'' she began, checking that he hadn't immediately fallen asleep. ''Yeah?'' ''I went in to the doctor today,'' Forrest sat up slightly, concerned. ''What's wrong? You alright?'' he asked worriedly. ''I'm fine,'' she calmed him. ''I just had to check on something to see if I was going crazy or not,'' Forrest's eyebrows creased together in confusion. ''What you mean?'' ''Well...turns out I'm pregnant,''[Chapter 10] Forrest reached over and put his hand on Evie's back, doing his best to comfort her as she laid as still as possible in bed, resisting the urge to be sick. There was nothing he could do to make her feel better or make the nausea go away, he was useless and he absolutely hated it. ''How long you meant to feel like this?'' he asked worriedly. ''I don't know, I've never been pregnant before,'' she groaned, squeezing her eyes shut. Forrest continued rubbing his hand along her back as he watched her try to move around. It had been just over a month since they had found out about the pregnancy and every stage was new and unfamiliar to the both of them. Evie was currently experiencing the worst of her morning sickness and Forrest was making sure she didn't have to lift a finger. It was the least he could do after spending his mornings by her side while she battled through the pain and discomfort. He never thought he would be a father, and Evie never thought of herself as a mother, but now that it was all really happening, they grew more and more excited every day. Both Evie and Forrest grew up on a farm surrounded by family and although there were plenty of hard times, their parents always tried to give them the best in life and that's just what they wanted to do for their child. ''Maybe I should take you to the doc-'' ''I went the other day,'' she snapped. ''You heard him, this is normal,'' Forrest shook his head in disbelief. He couldn't imagine how she felt. ''What can I do?'' he asked quietly. Evie slowly rolled over to face him, her eyes still shut as she focused on not throwing up before reaching her hand out for him to take. As soon as she felt Forrest's hand in hers she felt a little bit better. He was so gentle, he didn't need to say a word to make her feel better. ''Just stay until I can fall asleep,'' she sighed. Forrest could do that happily. He kept her hand in his as he brushed hair out of her face carefully. He only tore his eyes away from her when he felt something beneath his fingers, looking down to see the silver ring on her finger, a small sparkling rock in the middle. Two days after Evie told Forrest she was pregnant, they headed to the registry on their own without saying a word to anyone and became husband and wife. There was no big fuss, there was no gathering or festivities, but it only made it even more special. Forrest always knew she would be the woman he would call his wife one day, and Evie knew there was no one else she would rather spend her life with. They both knew their fate from the moment they fell in love as teenagers, they just lost a few years. Although it had been nice and peaceful keeping the news of Evie's pregnancy just between her and Forrest for a few months, when she entered into her fifth month, Evie was glad everyone knew. Clothes were getting tighter to wear, some duties were becoming harder to do and Evie's frustrations could finally be understood. It wasn't hard for everyone to adjust to the news given they knew it would happen one day, and it wasn't surprising that the couple had kept the news to themselves for quite a while. Forrest knew Evie hated being fussed over, but after everyone had taken notice to her considerably larger stomach, he was relieved that he would no longer be the only person making sure she wasn't overdoing herself. ''Let me take that Evie,'' Jack rushed to her side when he saw her walking down the porch with a crate of vegetables. ''I got it Jack,'' she shook her head. But Jack had already taken it from her hands, moving it into the kitchen she didn't need to take another step. Evie huffed and put her hands on her hips, her blue button up shirt barely squeezing around her swollen frame, watching as Forrest approached from the barn. ''You got everyone recruited to chase after me, huh?'' Forrest smirked at the unimpressed look on her face. Evie was a stubborn woman, she didn't like taking help off anyone, but she was going to have to get used to it considering Forrest could be equally as stubborn. ''Yes ma'am,'' he nodded, taking the three steps onto the porch to stand in front of her. ''You shouldn't be lifting,'' ''I can carry a damn box of vegetables,'' she rolled her eyes. ''Well, now you don't have to,'' he shrugged playfully. ''I'm not a weakling,'' ''I ain't doing it 'cause I think you're weak, I'm doing it to take care of you, both of you,'' Forrest explained, glancing down at the bump beneath her clothes. Evie smiled at his reasoning, unable to find his worries annoying at all when he spoke like that. Over the past few months, the smallest things had changed between her and Forrest and she found herself not wanting to go more than a couple of hours without being at his side. Forrest had always left the violence and harshness of his daily life at the door when he was with Evie, his whole personality changed to a side of him that he only let her see, but now he was more gentle than ever. Forrest adored Evie even more than he thought possible. She was giving him a child, a family, a future that he never thought he would have. He would do anything for her. ''You're sweet,'' she smiled, reaching up to place her hand on his cheek lovingly. ''But I'm gonna get real bored around here if no one lets me do anything, especially since I'm more than capable,'' ''There's plenty for you to do,'' he shook his head as he leaned against the wooden beam. ''Not when you and Maggie make sure I don't have to,'' she pointed out. ''How long you got left?'' ''Few more hours,'' Evie pouted her lips and leaned forward against her husband's chest, closing her eyes and she enjoyed his hand beginning to roam over her back. Forrest leaned down to press a kiss to her lips but Evie moved suddenly and instead focused his lips onto hers. Forrest was never comfortable with public displays of affection, but when Evie's soft lips were pressed against his, nothing else registered. Soon enough Forrest was pulling her closer, feeling her round stomach against his own before heavy footsteps came from the other end of the porch. ''Alright now,'' Howard began, shaking his head at the sight before him. ''Keep it in the bedroom,'' Evie pulled away from Forrest a moment later, his hands still tightly wound around her waist as she looked over his shoulder. ''Evening Howard,'' she greeted with a playful grin. ''Evie,'' he nodded. It was very clear to Howard now that Evie had no intention on breaking his brother's heart again or ever taking off. They were starting their family here together and he could tell that his brother, who barely showed any sign of emotion other than annoyance, was actually happy. ''You about ready to go?'' Forrest asked his brother. ''I been waitin' on Jack,'' ''Jack!'' Forrest called out. ''Come on,'' Evie looked down toward the truck, the back loaded with crates of moonshine ready to be delivered to their loyal customers who had been waiting for more jars. Sometimes she forgot that it was illegal, that the business her husband was running was against the prohibition law, but the whole county depended on it so much that it was almost forgotten by everyone. ''Be careful,'' Evie told them all when Jack finally joined them on the porch. ''Will do,'' Howard huffed as he and his youngest brother made their way over to the truck. Forrest stayed where he was, his eyes fixated on Evie's as her attention shifted back to his gaze. She didn't want to move from his grip, she wished he could hold her forever. ''You'll be back after dark, won't you?'' Evie sighed, smoothing out the top of his shirt. ''Most likely,'' Forrest nodded. ''Don't go waiting up for me,'' Evie rolled her eyes, both of them knowing that was in fact what she was going to do. ''Just make sure you come back,'' ''Always do,'' Forrest gave her a smile and a quick kiss on her lips before walking away. Evie watched the truck drive out the property, already beginning to count down the hours until she could be in his arms again. Evie yawned as she looked around at the beautiful day outside, the breeze just enough to cool her down as she sat out on the porch with Maggie. They were peeling some vegetables for dinner, laughing as they spoke about something Howard had done the night before. It was no secret that Maggie and the oldest Bondurant had somewhat of a connection, always flirting playfully when together. But Maggie brushed it off as nonsense, her cheeks blushing red. ''It's not a bad thing,'' Evie assured. ''I see how you two are together,'' ''Howard's barely home and he drinks too much, he's just flirting, it don't mean a thing,'' Maggie explained. ''No, he don't drink nearly as much when he's around you,'' ''It's nothing,'' Maggie shook her head again, looking up. ''Who's that?'' Evie turned her head to see what Maggie was talking about, noticing a black car driving toward the house. She hadn't seen it around here before, especially not around the station. Whoever it was, they weren't a regular visitor. Forrest was down in one of the barns working and Evie watched as Cricket hurried down to let him know someone was here. Evie waited for him to appear, worried what was going to happen. ''What's wrong?'' Maggie asked, noticing Evie's expression. ''I don't know,'' she shook her head. Forrest was never a man to panic, at least never in a way that someone could see. Evie saw the door of the barn swing open and Forrest walked out smoking his cigar, calmly locking up the door behind him and putting on his hat. As he walked toward the house where the car was now parked, Forrest slid his gun into his back pocket. Both Evie and Maggie stared at the men who stepped out of the car. One was the Marshall, his badge shown clearly on his chest, and one was a tall lanky man with black, slicked back hair and a suit. From just one glance anyone would be able to see he wasn't from here. Evie knew where he was from. He was a Deputy in Chicago. She had been involved in a few busts he had undertaken at the restraurant where she worked. He was the biggest problem for the people she worked for, he was always finding new ways to block them at every turn. ''Oh hey Forrest,'' the man greeted. Forrest turned slightly to see Evie and Maggie on the porch, their eyes glued to the situation playing out before them. After one last puff of his cigar, Forrest threw it onto the ground as he turned to the Sheriff, clearly wanting to know what he was doing here. ''This here's the new Special Deputy, been brought in from the city to help us out, make sure things go smooth,'' Sheriff Hodges told him with an uneasy smile. No one liked getting on Forrest Bondurant's bad side, not even the lawman. ''What things might they be?'' Forrest asked bluntly. The Special Deputy chuckled to himself, earning himself a look off Forrest that would have frightened anyone else. But the man stayed calm and cool, turning to stare back at Forrest. ''Somethin' amuse you?'' Forrest asked. ''My name is Charlie Rakes, I'm from Chicago,'' he explained in an accent that only made him seem even more foreign. Forrest had already taken an instant disliking toward the man so he didn't bother acknowledging the words he had just said, turning toward the Sheriff with a blank stare. There was another man sitting the back of the black car, a man he soon found out to be the new attorney, Mason Wardell. ''He wants to work it out so everyone gets to do some business,'' Hodges told him. The old man in the car tapped on the window, the Sheriff ordering his deputy to see what was the matter as Charlie Rakes moved closer to Forrest. Evie stood up from where she sat on the porch, watching each step the man took, unnerved by the angry expression on her husband's face. Forrest didn't move, didn't gaze to his side to face the man. ''Who the hell is this son of a bitch?'' Forrest asked the Sheriff. ''Me?'' Rakes chimed in. ''I'm the one who's going to make your life real difficult from now on if you don't tow the line country boy,'' As if that remark wasn't enough to piss Forrest off even more, the Special Deputy reached out and poked Forrest in his chest, making a point of being above him, letting Forrest know he was in charge now. Everyone went silent for a moment as Forrest finally turned to the man, his eyes full of rage and his voice, although kept low, full of threat and viciousness. ''Don't you ever touch me again,'' he warned. Charlie laughed, stepping back slightly but not looking bothered in the slightest. ''Alright, alright,'' Sheriff Hodges cut in. ''Forrest, it's already settled. The whole county's gonna get on board eventually,'' As the Sheriff began explaining how it was going to work, the price per load they would have to pay to continue dealing, Charlie Rakes moved off to the side and switched his attention from the men to the women on the porch. Evie was staring at the man with daggers, a hand laying over her stomach as if she felt the need to protect her unborn child from the presence of this man. Maggie glared back at him as well, her hands still working on peeling the vegetables. Rakes seemed to take an interest in them, but he didn't say a word. It was another act to show his power over all of them, an attempt to intimidate. But Evie was furious and refused to give him the pleasure, so she stared back just as he did. Forrest turned when he realized Rakes wasn't around, seeing him watch his wife and Maggie, deciding he was going to end all of this now. Walking over to Mason Wardell, the man behind his whole scheme, Forrest forced him to wind down the window before he gave his response to the matter. ''You send your clown in the bow tie 'round here again, and I guarantee you'll personally pull a cleaver out his fuckin' skull, understand?'' If you're enjoying, please leave a review![Chapter 11] The front door slammed against the wall as Forrest forcefully pushed it open, both Maggie and Evie jumping at the noise as they watched him stride through the restaurant and head toward the stairs. Evie knew what Forrest could get like and how angry he would let himself become, and when that mixed with someone disrespecting and threatening him, it reminded everyone of why he was feared by the whole county. Standing by the window, Forrest heard the door to the bedroom open and close as Evie walked in. He wanted to watch the black car leave his station and made sure they didn't turn around and come back. It had taken every ounce of control to not shoot that Special Deputy right between his eyes, but if he came back again Forrest knew he wouldn't be so patient. ''Forrest,'' Evie's voice, barely a whisper, broke the silence. Forrest could hear in that one word that she was worried. Scared. She shouldn't have to be, she shouldn't ever have to feel like that here or anywhere so long as Forrest had something to do about it. ''Hey, look at me,'' With Evie's hand gently cupping the side of his face, Forrest's attention moved from the view outside to the woman in front of him. She was looking up at him with eyes full of concern, her thumb beginning to stroke along his skin soothingly. Forrest didn't need to say a word for Evie to know what was going through his mind. She knew how proud he was and how stubborn he could be, but it was always for the right reasons. ''They walk in like they own the goddamn place,'' he muttered angrily. Evie moved her hands down to his, unfolding his balled up fists and slipping her fingers between his. His whole body was tense, Evie could feel it through his skin. When they were younger and Forrest got into fights with some of the other kids, Evie would find him just like this. Hands balled into fists, teeth gritted together, Forrest would be pacing around unable to say a word. ''They're just trying to scare you,'' Forrest scoffed at the idea. ''Gonna take more than some asshole in a fancy suit to scare me,'' Evie looked up at him with a small smile before it faded back to a worried expression. She knew what Rakes was capable of, she had seen what he had done to people in Chicago. It wasn't lawful, he didn't follow any rules. ''I know that deputy. I saw him a few times when I was in Chicago,'' she told him, watching as his eyebrows drew together with worry. ''I kept my distance, we've never met. But I saw what he did,'' ''What do you mean?'' ''He doesn't just arrest people, he doesn't throw them in jail, he's not like no lawman I ever knew. I know someone who can't walk anymore because of him,'' ''He was looking at you,'' Forrest remembered, his voice low as he anger began to rise again. ''I kept my distance Forrest, I never got involved in what he was interested in,'' she explained. ''Just know he's not gonna be following the law on this,'' ''You don't need to worry, you hear? That son of a bitch isn't coming anywhere near you or this place again,'' he promised. ''I ain't worried about me,'' she shoved his shoulder. ''I can take care of myself,'' ''Well it ain't just you anymore, is it?'' Forrest reminded, one hand moving down to rest on the side of her stomach. ''And I'll take care of you both,'' Maggie watched as Evie wiped down the bar for the tenth time that night, another yawn escaping her lips. They were both done for the day, in fact they had been done for a couple of hours now but Evie couldn't bring herself to go upstairs to bed without Forrest being home. The three Bondurant brothers had gone into town to meet with the other sellers and discuss the new arrangement. ''You're gonna go on up to bed soon, aren't you?'' Maggie asked as she pulled on her thick coat. ''Huh? Oh, yeah I will,'' Evie nodded tiredly. ''Just gonna finish up a few more things and then-'' ''There's nothing that needs doing, go get some rest, you're barely standing up over there,'' ''I won't be long,'' Evie promised, picking up a glass to being wiping over. Maggie sighed in defeat, knowing Evie wasn't going to get any sort of rest until her husband came home. It was times like these that Maggie was reminded just how similar the couple were. They were both frustratingly stubborn. ''You gotta take care of yourself Evie, and the little one,'' ''I know, I'll be in bed soon,'' ''You better be,'' ''Night Maggie,'' Evie watched the woman walk out into the cold night before getting into her car and driving away. She knew she had to think about more than herself now, how anything she felt wasn't just affecting her but also her unborn child. But ever since their visit from the Sheriff and the new Special Deputy yesterday, Evie found herself on edge every time Forrest left the station. Rakes didn't work like other deputies, he didn't need a reason to go after someone and make them understand that it was his way or no way at all. Forrest wouldn't listen to him, he would fight back, and that's what terrified her. ''I don't want to hear it Jack,'' Forrest snapped when the car pulled up outside the house. ''Me and Cricket been tellin' you for months now that we can push-'' ''Jack,'' Howard groaned. ''How about you shut up for once about that shit,'' ''Well now look what's happening,'' Jack argued. ''You're gonna need another way to get it out,'' Forrest ignored his younger brother and shoved his hands into his pockets, following Howard through the door and into the restaurant. The lights were still on and for a moment Forrest considered that Evie had left them on while she went upstairs to bed, but he soon saw that wasn't the case. Howard slowed his steps and turned to Forrest, nodding over toward Forrest's small office where Evie was seated in his chair, her head resting on top of her arms on his desk, sound asleep. ''I ain't gonna let it go Forrest,'' Jack barged in through the door. Howard pushed past Forrest and dragged his youngest brother toward the stairs, muttering for him to be quiet. Forrest quietly walked toward his office, throwing his hat over onto one of the chairs. He always liked watching Evie sleep, it made him feel peaceful, but right now he felt guilty. He knew how much she worried about him and right now he was making decisions that would cause them a whole lot of trouble and even more worry. Leaning down, Forrest reached out to brush his fingers along her smooth cheeks before her lips began moving, eyes squinting open. ''You're back,'' she mumbled in the middle of a yawn as she sat up. ''I told you not to wait up,'' ''How'd it go?'' Evie asked, ignoring his reminder. Forrest shook his head, looking down and running a hand through his hair. It hadn't gone well. Almost all of the county were on board with the new arrangement, persuaded by the promise of money. Forrest, Howard and Jack had been the only ones to walk away without agreeing to the terms. Forrest stated that Bondurant's didn't lay down for nobody, they weren't going to let this new deputy dictate their life. It was going to bring trouble and danger and conflict within the county, but Forrest stood by his principles. ''That bad, huh?'' Forrest stood and reached his hand out to hers, helping her stand up and face the idea of walking up the stairs to their bedroom. Evie leaned her head against his shoulder the whole way, her arm wrapped tight around his. Climbing into bed and melting into the pillows and sheets, Evie watched as Forrest paced around the room. Pulling off his boots, stripping off his shirt, Forrest was doing everything as usual but Evie could see that his mind was a million miles away. The county wasn't on his side, the law was starting to fight him and enemies were beginning to pile up. ''I'm sorry about all this,'' he hung his head low, glancing out the window one last time before making his way over to the bed. Evie propped herself up on her elbow. ''Forrest...'' ''That deputy's gonna cause a lot of trouble around here,'' he continued, moving to lay beside her. ''That deputy is an ass. He was gonna be causing trouble no matter what you said. He's in a new town with a whole lot of power, that's not your fault,'' Forrest moved his arm around Evie's waist, moving to feel her stomach which was growing bigger each day. ''If anything happens to you, it is my fault,'' ''Well then it's a good thing nothing is gonna happen to me, okay?'' Evie reached out to cup his face in her hand. There was a small smile and nod from Forrest in return, his hand finding hers and entwining their fingers. Forrest knew that Evie wasn't going to sit back and let anything happen to her or their child, but she wasn't just the girl he grew up and caused trouble with anymore. She was his wife, the mother of his unborn child, it was his job to protect them from any harm. ''It ain't stupid,'' Maggie argued with the eldest Bondurant. ''Well it sure as hell ain't smart,'' Howard retorted. Evie rolled her eyes as she leaned back in her chair, sipping on a glass of cool water as Forrest sharpened his knife beside her. Maggie and Howard bickering playfully was nothing new, but for once Forrest was actually interested in what they were talking about. Since Evie had entered the sixth month stage, Howard had been making a joke that she might be having twins. Then he started betting on whether the baby would be a boy or girl which happened to spark yet another argument with the red haired woman he enjoyed teasing. ''It's a wives tale, how would you know?'' Maggie folded her arms. ''And how would you?'' ''My mother had four kids and swears by it,'' she countered triumphantly. ''So, Evie?'' ''I don't even remember your question,'' Evie told her honestly. ''Do you sleep on your left or right?'' Evie took a moment to think, looking over to Forrest who seemed very confused by the whole conversation. Lately there hadn't been a particular sleeping position, whatever was comfortable was goon enough for her. Having a large stomach gave her limited options. ''I...don't know. Why?'' ''If you prefer to sleep on your left, it's a boy. Right, it's a girl,'' Maggie explained. ''Bullshit,'' Howard shook his head. ''You just won't accept anything that might prove you wrong,'' ''Only thing that has a chance provin' me wrong is that kid, which is definitely a boy,'' Howard shrugged. Maggie put her hands on her hips and sighed loudly. Howard just smirked in response, amused at the reaction he always managed to get out of her. Evie looked between the two and wondered when they were going to quit playing around and admit their feelings, but every time she brought it up to either of them it was brushed off as nonsense. But everyone could see it, even Forrest had made his comments. Picking up her glass again, Evie saw that Forrest was almost done with his knife. Soon he would be back out of the farm somewhere working or down in one of the barns. She liked when he came back up to the house to have a break, no matter the excuse. ''Where's Jack?'' she asked, unable to see him around. Howard laughed, shaking his head. ''Took off earlier on with a full jar,'' Forrest looked up from his knife. ''And where'd he take off to?'' ''Church apparently,'' Howard laughed again. ''He's got his eyes on the young Bertha girl,'' ''With a full jar?'' Evie joined in. ''Howard why'd you let him go off like that?'' ''He was being a pain in the ass, and it's not like it's his first time,'' ''You know what Jack's like, he'll humiliate himself,'' Evie shook her head. ''We'll see,'' Forrest waited a moment before turning his attention back to his knife, but Evie could tell he didn't like the situation. Jack may not have been a young child anymore and he may have drank his fair share of moonshine, but Evie couldn't help but worry about the youngest Bondurant. Thanks for reading, I'd love it if you guys reviewed![Chapter 12] It was almost afternoon by the time Jack came stumbling back to the house. Howard and Forrest were out working, but when Evie heard some uneven stomping of feet on the front porch, she knew who it would be. She had already put aside some lunch for him and had been waiting for him to come home in a drunken, embarrassed state. Most of Jack's actions were predictable. He was young boy trying to prove himself and now he had a crush on a sweet young girl, there was bound to be some humiliation. ''Jack?'' Evie called out as she made her way out onto the porch. ''There's some lunch waiting-'' But Jack wasn't in a drunken state. The wobbly steps weren't from too much moonshine but from sheer struggle at keeping his bloody and beaten body upright. Jack was almost unrecognizable. With swollen lips and eyes, gashes in his skin and blood smeared everywhere, it was almost impossible to make out his features. ''Oh my god,'' Evie gasped in panic. ''Jack!'' ''Don't...'' Jack shook his head. ''Don't get Forrest,'' Evie waved her hands around worriedly, not knowing where she could hold him or what to do. He looked as if he was going to collapse any second now and before she could even think of Forrest's reaction or to ask what had happened, she needed to see to his wounds. ''Come on,'' she whispered as she pulled his arm over her shoulder to lean on. Leading him around to the other side of the porch and down a few steps, Evie helped Jack into the washroom outside and sat him down on one of the many wooden crates. Jack winced as his body made contact with the hard surface, but he was quickly relieved to be off his feet. Evie was only gone for a moment as she rushed inside to grab her medical box, sitting on the table before closing the door behind her and sliding a bolt into place to lock it. Forrest or Howard barging into the room wasn't going to make things any easier and she knew they would only stress Jack out. She had seen the youngest brother disappoint his siblings many times, each beginning with Jack only wanting to prove himself or show that he wasn't a child anymore. He didn't want his brothers to see this too, he didn't need to give them any more reasons to doubt him. ''Jack,'' Evie shook her head as she began to wet a cloth. ''What the hell happened to you?'' Jolting in pain as Evie pressed the cloth to his face to wipe away the blood, Jack's eyes began to spill silent tears. At first Evie thought it was from the pain, but she could see that Jack was ashamed. ''I tried to fight back,'' Jack told her quietly. ''But I couldn't,'' ''Who did this Jack? Tell me,'' ''That deputy,'' Jack told her, looking into her eyes. ''Fancy suit, gloves...'' ''Rakes,'' Evie paused, eyes wide. ''Deputy Rakes did this to you?'' Jack nodded before tilting his head back, feeling a trail of blood running out of his nose. Evie quickly gathered a bunch of tissues to hand him, helping him block the wound. She never thought she would see the youngest brother like this. Evie had witnessed Howard fight, he usually left people looking like Jack rather than suffering any scars himself. She had seen Forrest in the middle of a brawl too, patched him up many times and could memorize every scar and mark on his body from them all. But Jack had never been in any sort of fight like this. She hated seeing him like this, hated knowing that Rakes had done this to him. ''Don't tell Forrest,'' Jack told her again. ''Jack,'' Evie sighed. ''He's gonna find out somehow,'' ''If he sees me like this-'' ''He won't. I'm cleanin' you up, aren't I?'' Evie smiled. ''Don't worry Jack he's not gonna be mad at you,'' ''He'll find a way,'' Jack shook his head. ''I don't know how you can deal with him sometimes,'' Evie bent down to clean off the blood on Jack's neck before she tossed the material aside and reached for the medical kit again. Two gashes would need to be stitched and sterilized but luckily she had had plenty of practice. ''I remember watching you do this. Forrest would be in a bad mood as usual, but you'd tell him to shut the hell up and deal with it,'' he told her with a small smile, one that looked like it hurt. ''Yeah well, he'd never do it right,'' she chuckled. ''Stitching always too far apart, always end up infected,'' ''He got better at it after you left,'' Evie continued cleaning the cut next to Jack's eye as she thought of Forrest sitting alone in his office at night trying to stitch himself up. No matter how much time passed or how happy their lives became, Evie would never forgive herself for leaving. ''I'm sorry,'' Jack spoke when he noticed Evie's silence. ''I didn't mean-'' ''Jack, it's fine,'' Evie shook her head. ''I gotta warn you, this ointment ain't gonna feel nice,'' ''Can't be worse than what I feel now,'' Evie watched as Jack came in and sat down at the bar after staying out of sight for a couple of hours. Howard had run into him not long after Evie finished stitching him up and Jack hadn't said a word yet about who had hurt him. Howard had assumed Jack finished off the jar of moonshine he took with him to church and got on someone's nerves, got beaten up right in front of the girl he liked. Jack didn't correct him, he just put up with the comments as usual. But it was when Forrest came home that Jack's body tensed nervously. Evie looked to Howard with a look that warned him not to make things worse, but it was met with a roll of the eyes. Maggie moved over to pour Howard another cup of coffee, glancing up at Jack in sympathy. When Forrest walked through the door, he set down the brown bag in his hand and looked toward his youngest brother. Evie moved over to her notepad and continued counting up the money for the week, trying to distance herself from the situation but not wanting to leave the room. ''Alright,'' Forrest sighed, looking at the bruises and swollen lumps all over Jack's face. ''So you want to get into all this racket. But I see you sitting here looking like someone's punching bag. So I ask you, what do you intend to do now?'' Evie's eyes flickered up at the two men. ''What do I intend to do?'' Jack asked. ''Yeah. You,'' Forrest nodded. ''What, do you expect someone else to handle it?'' ''I don't need your help,'' Jack muttered. ''Oh you don't? Well here it is,'' Forrest began. ''As long as you are my brother, you will never let this happen again, you understand?'' Maggie looked over from where she was standing, feeling more sorry for Jack than ever. ''What if I can't?'' Jack asked softly. ''I'm not built like you and Howard, I ain't ever been like that,'' ''That's alright,'' Forrest shrugged. ''Jack, it is not the violence that sets men apart, alright? It is the distance he's prepared to go. Jack, we are survivors. We control the fear, and without the fear we are all as good as dead,'' Jack paused for a moment and considered his brother's words. But then something else lingered into his thoughts. ''Rakes told me to tell you they're coming for you next,'' he whispered. Evie's head lifted from the notepad she was scribbling on, her attention immediately going toward the two men. She knew that Rakes wasn't happy with Forrest but he had used Jack as a messenger. A bloodied, beaten messenger. Howard looked over to his brothers too, silent anger in his expression. ''Yeah, well they'll be back, you can be sure of that,'' Forrest nodded, already anticipating the threat. Then he hoisted the brown bag onto the table and let it slam down in front of Jack. ''From your preacher friend,'' he announced. Jack couldn't have been more humiliated. He had run out of the church earlier that morning after drinking too much beforehand, leaving his boot in the middle of the room while making a dramatic exit. Howard couldn't help but laugh at his embarrassment. Forrest found Evie out on the porch late that evening sipping on a cup of tea as she scribbled into her notepad a list of things she needed to pick up in town. Maggie insisted she go out and sit down for a while and for once Evie didn't argue. All day she had been thinking of Jack's words. They're coming for you next. Deputy Rakes had a reputation wherever he went and Evie knew what sort of things he had done to deserve that reputation. He was brutal and dangerous and not at all lawful. If he wanted Forrest's life made difficult, there wasn't much that could stop him. ''You look tired,'' Forrest spoke as he took off his hat, setting it down on the table. ''Why don't you leave that 'til tomorrow?'' ''I'm fine, it's gotta be done,'' she assured, looking up at him with a small smile before returning her attention to the notepad. Forrest watched her hand move across the paper as she jotted things down, but when he glanced up at her face he knew that groceries were the last thing on her mind right now. She heard what Jack said, she knew that Rakes was coming for Forrest and there was nothing she could do about it. If it were anyone else she wouldn't be as worried, she knew that Forrest and Howard knew how to handle these sort of threats, but this Deputy was different. All their life they had dealt with this sort of thing. People always picked trouble with the Bondurants and they always lost. Evie knew that Forrest couldn't back down or give in, he was a proud and stubborn man. But every time she thought about it, her stomach twisted and turned to the point it made her sick. ''Evie, look at me,'' Forrest moved closer, leaning down in front of her. Pausing her movements, Evie dropped the pen in her fingers and moved her hand to rub her tired eyes. She didn't know if she was going to be able to have a conversation about this right now. But she turned towards him, her eyes now red, and stared back into Forrest's. ''You ain't gotta worry, alright? Everythin-'' ''Don't tell me things are gonna be fine,'' she shook her head. ''I'm not stupid Forrest, don't treat me like I am,'' With a heavy sigh, Forrest hung his head low for a moment. ''I don't want you to be scared of anything happening,'' ''Do you know why I would be scared?'' she asked as Forrest stared back at her, listening closely. ''What he done to Jack was nothing compared to what I have seen him do to people. I've seen him shoot two men point blank and walk away laughing,'' ''He's not gonna come back here again,'' Forrest assured. ''Me and Howard got it covered,'' ''I'm not scared for me Forrest,'' she leaned forward, her head falling into her hands. Forrest reached out and grabbed her hand, pulling one away from her face and revealing her red, watering eyes. Holding it tight in his own, Forrest pressed a kiss to her hand and held it close to his lips as he watched her reach for him. ''Six months ago I wouldn't be so scared,'' she admit. ''I'd be able to do more, I wouldn't have to worry about my baby not having a father or doing this on my own,'' ''I won't let that happen,'' Forrest shook his head, sliding his hand up to rest on her stomach. ''No one's gonna take me away from my family,'' ''If anything happens...I can't do it, I don't know how to do it and without you I won't be able to,'' Evie couldn't help the tears running down her cheeks now. She knew this conversation would be emotional since it had been on her mind all day, but for once she told Forrest exactly what she was afraid of. ''Listen to me,'' Forrest began, still holding her hand tight. ''Nothing's gonna happen to me. They'll come looking for trouble and people might get hurt, sure, but I'll be just fine. I'm a Bondurant,'' Evie was chuckling before she even knew it. Forrest used to say that all the time when they were younger and Evie would always groan and roll her eyes. He thought he was indestructible, and this time Evie didn't argue or make any jokes. She just hoped it was true. Please review :)[Chapter 13] A few days had passed without incident, everyone getting on as normal, until one morning they heard a car driving toward the house. It could have been anyone, someone coming to the restaurant or one of the workers, but Evie had a horrible feeling it was someone unwelcome. Forrest was sitting out on the porch drinking his cup of coffee as he glared at the car, watching as it came closer and closer. ''Who's that?'' Maggie asked as she stood beside Evie, peering out the window. The car parked outside the house and two deputy's stepped out, their gaze looking everywhere but at Forrest. There was no sign of Rakes. They were obviously not happy with having to be here, in fact they seemed frightened to take another step. Forrest stared back at them expressionless, waiting for them to state their cause. One of the men pulled out a piece of paper, carefully unfolding it as he moved the tiniest bit closer to where Forrest was sitting. Evie moved closer to the door to listen, Maggie close by her side. ''Forrest Bondurant,'' he began. ''Seems you been involved in certain illegal activities,'' ''Illegal activities, huh?'' Forrest nodded in amusement. ''Listen Forrest, you play ball with us and we can make this here summons disappear,'' Deputy Henry offered. Forrest turned away for a moment, shaking his head slightly in annoyance. ''You tryin' to shake me down Henry?'' ''I'm just the messenger here Forrest,'' Then the banging of a door inside took Evie's attention. She spun around in fright, hearing heavy footsteps beating down the hall. Howard had seen their visitors and couldn't wait to have a word with them. The deputy's didn't like dealing with Howard as he tended to become quite violent, but today no one was going to be stopping him. Maggie was back over by the bar now getting ready to serve more coffee when she saw Howard coming down the hall, a look of madness on his face. Jack was sitting nearby and didn't say a word, knowing that his brother had his intentions set of dealing with the two lawmen outside. Maggie paused what she was doing, coffee pot in her hand as she stood still, unable to say a word. Evie watched Howard slam the door open, the wooden frame hitting up against the wall with a crack, and noticed that Forrest hadn't move his gaze away from the men. His expression hadn't changed one bit. ''Oh what, you gon' shoot me?'' Howard yelled, marching right up to the men and throwing his fist into each one of their faces. The two men fell to the ground instantly and as soon as the people inside heard Howard raise his voice, they all rushed toward the windows to peer outside. Jack and Maggie watched wide-eyed out the window next to Evie who instead had an expression on her face that mirrored Forrest's. ''You hurt my brother?'' Howard yelled, kicking the Deputy as he laid in the dirt. Out the corner of her eye, Evie caught sight of Cricket who had ran over from the barn, grinning at the sight of Howard taking some revenge. ''You trying to intimidate us?'' Howard picked up the man by his shirt before throwing him back down onto the ground. Maggie gasped in horror as Howard walked over to the gas stand, taking the pump in his hand and shoving it into the face of Deputy Henry. This is when Forrest stood up, but he made no rush to get down to the scene. ''Alright, that's enough now,'' he called out to his older brother. Howard made no attempt to stop what he was doing, instead he pushed the nozzle of the pump into the Deputy's mouth, ready to choke him. Forrest was close now, hands shoved into his pockets. ''Howard, that's enough,'' Howard looked up at his brother and threw the pump down onto the Deputy, kicking him once again while muttering a few words before walking away. Everyone watched on in silence, wondering what was going to happen next. ''Now ya'll know better than to come 'round here when Howard's been on the whiskey for a few days,'' Forrest told them as they moved around on the ground in pain. ''I think you might wanna get out of here. You give my regards to Special Deputy Rakes,'' Evie watched on as Forrest turned around and grabbed the gun the Deputy had dropped, picking it up and emptying all the bullets before handing it back. ''Ain't nothing personal Henry,'' Forrest stood there in front of the house as the two limping lawmen made their way to the car and sped off, happy to be leaving the Bondurant's property. Howard stood behind Forrest, the look on his face still just as furious as when he first walked out. They wanted Forrest to know that Rakes really was going to make his life difficult if he didn't follow their rules, but he and Howard were not going to give up anything about their business. And that was the first of many unpleasant visits they were going to receive. With the winter months setting in, waking up at 5 am was certainly not something that Evie wanted to be doing. Forrest however was too used to waking up before sunrise which meant strategically and silently making his way out of bed without disturbing his wife who could be quite unpleasant before 6 am, especially now that she was seven months pregnant. ''No,'' Evie moaned, reaching over and wrapped her arms around Forrest. ''Stay,'' ''I gotta get to work,'' Forrest told her quietly, still holding her close within his arms. ''It's Sunday,'' she whined again, holding onto him as if he was going to disappear any moment. ''Work still gotta be done,'' he chuckled. ''Sunday is a day to rest, don't do anything, relax and all that,'' she yawned. ''Just stay,'' Forrest had no intention of arguing. Whenever Evie woke up with him it would be the same routine of her coaxing him into laying with her a while longer and it took very little effort to convince Forrest to do so. Resting her head on Forrest's chest, Evie looked up to see the brown wooden crib in the corner of the room. She enjoying waking up to the sight of it, knowing that in a few short months they would have a child. A child that they knew they would have the moment they fell in love as teenagers. It was the one positive among a life a chaos. ''Mornings won't be so quiet soon,'' she sighed. ''Sure will be different,'' Forrest nodded, his mind running wild with anticipation. Ever since he was a young boy and his parents passed away from the Spanish Influenza, Forrest had been a father already to his younger brother Jack. When Howard came back from the war as a raging alcoholic, he had become a father to him as well. Taking care of people he loved was nothing new to him, but being an actual father to his child would be completely different. ''Do you uh, think I'll be any good at it?'' Forrest was met with silence as Evie pushed herself up onto her elbow to look at him. ''Good at what? Being a father?'' she asked, watching as Forrest stared back at her worriedly. ''Is that what you're worried about?'' ''I'm not worried,'' he clarified. ''I'm just...'' ''Scared? I am too. But it's a good scared,'' she smiled. ''I've taken care of children and babies before, but this is my baby, it's different and it's terrifying. But as scared as I am, I want to see if I have a little boy or a girl. If their hair is light or dark, if their eyes are blue or brown, if they're yours or mine, if they smile like you do or like I do,'' ''Hopefully they take after their mother more,'' Forrest laughed. ''But they'll be as handsome as their father,'' Howard pulled on his boots as he sat on the stool by the bar that morning, looking at the trees outside blowing with the cold, harsh wind. Maggie pulled a few mugs off the counter and poured a cup of coffee for both of them, turning back to the stove and checking on the eggs that were sizzling away. ''Everything alright up here?'' she asked him, looking over to the stairs. ''What you mean?'' ''Forrest's usually down here by now,'' ''I ain't seen the door open all morning,'' Howard shrugged. ''Thank god they keep that thing closed,'' Maggie balanced her cigarette in between her fingers as stirred a teaspoon of sugar into her coffee. ''They're about to be parents, let them have some time to themselves,'' she encouraged. ''Ain't it nice to see your brother happy?'' Howard picked up his coffee and swirled it around in the mug, looking down at the brown liquid and wishing it would have been amber. Through all the years he had been around Forrest, he certainly was happier with Evie now and Howard did think it was nice, but he couldn't help envying his younger brother for that. ''Sure,'' he finally spoke. Maggie took the eggs from the pan and moved them onto a plate, reaching over and setting it down in front of Howard. Then she sprinkled some salt on top for him, leaning down on the counter as she waited for him to look up at her. ''You'll have that too you know,'' she told him. ''Huh,'' Howard chuckled. ''And who says I want that?'' ''Because everyone wants that,'' Maggie shrugged. ''I want that too,'' ''You do?'' Howard asked, unable to look away from her. Maggie stared back at him for a moment before a smile crept onto her lips. No matter how many times she denied it or tried to fight it, she had feelings for this man. And she could tell he felt it too. ''It's a lonely life when you can't say what you want,'' she told him. ''Yeah,'' he agreed, watching as she soon turned back to her work. ''It sure is,'' ''Howard?'' Forrest called out as he stood beside the car. They were loading up the back with crates full of whiskey and moonshine ready to be delivered to their loyal customers. They had no plans to stop business and the people who had been relying on their liquor weren't prepared to stop buying either. ''Yeah?'' Howard called back from the barn. ''I need you here with me tonight I uh, I got some business with a couple out of towners I've never dealt with before,'' ''Where they from?'' ''Chicago,'' ''Yeah, well me and Danny just gotta stop by a few places first,'' ''Just be here by 11, you hear?'' ''Alright,'' Howard agreed. With that, Forrest bid the two men farewell with a nod and a grunt. They would be out all day delivering crates around the county, but Forrest had more work to do around the station and with new customers coming by, he wasn't going to be leaving. New customers or anyone with interest in the Bondurant's business always put Forrest on edge, he suspected them a lot more than anyone else. The trouble with Rakes and the law didn't help that worry either. As soon as the two men showed up at the station that night, Evie took an instant disliking toward them. The way they looked at her and Maggie, the way they spoke and puffed their cigars, none of it sat well with her. Evie had worried all evening that they would show up and she would recognize them from Chicago, but thankfully they were strangers to her. Maggie felt just the same. In fact she disliked them even more than Evie for her own reasons. Whenever Maggie turned her back to tend to the stove, the men would whistle and make remarks that she chose to ignore in hopes not to cause any trouble. Forrest was in his office waiting for Howard to return as he said he would so that they could get on with business, but the clock was quickly ticking closer to 11 and there was still no sign of the eldest brother. Cricket sat by the window in the restaurant watching for headlights, but so far it seemed pointless. ''You don't need to stay here and listen to them Maggie, I got this,'' Evie offered. ''It's fine,'' Maggie shook her head. ''You shouldn't even be down here, you should be up in bed,'' ''Being pregnant doesn't make me bedridden,'' ''It will if you don't take a rest,'' ''I'm just saying,'' Evie put her hands up in surrender playfully. ''Excuse me darlin', how 'bout that steak I ordered?'' one of the men called out. Maggie immediately lit up another cigarette and made her way over to the stove, forcing herself to endure their presence for a while longer. Meanwhile Evie made her way over to Forrest's office and walked inside, a heavy sigh escaping her lips and she approached her husband. ''I don't like them,'' Evie told him honestly. ''Yeah, figured they might have been difficult,'' Forrest sat back in his chair. ''Where the hell is Howard?'' ''Said he'd be here by 11,'' Forrest shook his head. Then Cricket was at the door, calling out to Forrest in a voice that gave them no hope that Howard was going to be showing up. Shaking his head as indication, Cricket looked at Forrest sympathetically. ''Alright,'' Forrest sighed in disappointment. ''Tell Maggie to shut it down,'' As Cricket walked away, Evie put on of her hands on Forrest's shoulder and he grabbed it tight in his grip. It wasn't the fact they were going to lose potential customers or they had wasted the whole evening, but Howard had told Forrest he'd be there for him. ''Let go!'' Maggie's scream from the kitchen made both Evie and Forrest rush out the door. One of the men had hold of Maggie's wrist as she clutched at a kitchen knife, swaying it around in defense. Evie felt like going over to the man and throwing him down off his chair, but right now it wasn't an option for her. ''Alright now, that's enough! Go on now, get out of here,'' Forrest yelled as he walked toward the scene. Maggie grabbed the knife and stood back away from the men as they faced Forrest. ''I paid for another jar,'' the man protested, holding up his bloodied hand. ''And she won't give it,'' Forrest looked over to Maggie and saw she was shaking her head in denial. Evie went to move up to Forrest's side but Cricket, who was standing behind him, held out his hand for her to stay where she was. Everyone could sense trouble. ''No you didn't,'' Forrest corrected. ''We're gonna buy near a hundred gallon of your liquor, now you ain't gonna throw in some extra?'' the man tried to bargain. ''You ain't buying a goddamn thing now go on and get out of here,'' Forrest demanded. That's when Cricket moved up to Forrest's side and whispered in his ear. Evie watched on in both worry and confusion, looking back over to Maggie who seemed beyond shaken up. Then Forrest looked back at the man with an angry, defensive glare. ''Did you pull a gun on this woman?'' he asked. That's when the man threw a fist at Forrest and started a violent and messy fight. Forrest grabbed the man's arm as he missed and punched him instead, knocking him back into a table. Cricket grabbed the gun off the floor and scrambled over to him, holding him down as he pointed the weapon at his face. Forrest used the brass knuckles around his fingers to attack the other man who managed to hit Forrest a few times with his fist. With two heavy and violent hits, Forrest had the next man on the ground too. The whole time Evie stood back, hands over her mouth in shock and her eyes wide with worry. It had been quite some time since she had witnessed Forrest in a fight and she was realizing all over again just why no one in this county ever wanted to mess with him. Shattered glass covered the floor of the restaurant, but that was the least of anyone's concerns. After Forrest dragged the two men outside, they had closed up the restaurant and he had sent Cricket back home. Forrest was silent as he sat at the table in the dining room, but Evie knew he was fuming with anger. ''Maggie alright?'' he asked. Evie dabbed some ointment on a pad and began cleaning the cut on his eyebrow. ''Yeah, a bit shaken up but I made her some tea,'' ''And you?'' ''What about me? I didn't just get punched in the face,'' she shook her head. ''Evie,'' he looked up at her seriously. ''I'm okay,'' she assured. ''You ain't,'' ''We'll talk about it later, alright?'' she told him. ''I'm gonna walk Maggie out to her car,'' ''No, I'll walk her out, I wanna apologize,'' he insisted, standing up and pressing a kiss to her forehead. ''Go on up to bed, I'll be there soon,'' Evie leaned into his kiss for a moment, feeling the rush of exhaustion hitting her all at once. But there was no way she was going to be able to sleep after the night they'd had. But Forrest would be beside her soon enough and everything would feel a little bit better. She hoped.[Chapter 14] After watching Maggie drive out onto the road, Forrest didn't rush back inside. Not only was he angry at his brother for not being there to help him with business, but to deal with two strangers who he knew were going to cause trouble. Maggie had a bruise on her wrist and Forrest had a few cuts and bruises on his face, but everything could have been a lot worse. Noticing the hood of one of the cars was still up, Forrest wandered over to pull it back down. With the light sprinkle of snow on his shoulders, Forrest looked around at the motor of the car and decided he wasn't going to deal with it right now. All he wanted to do was go upstairs to Evie. Forrest put his hands on the hood of the car, ready to pull it down, when he felt someone grab hold of his wrists and another wrap their hands around his throat, holding it back. Then Forrest saw the knife and he immediately knew what was going to happen next. Evie thought she could deal with the cold empty bed until Forrest came upstairs, but it had been over ten minutes since she pulled the blankets over her body and she still felt freezing. But it wasn't just the cold that stopped her from being able to sleep. It seemed that everything was becoming harder, trouble was becoming constant and it was all being aimed at Forrest. Rakes may not have been there tonight with those men, but Evie knew he had something to do with it. At the sound of a glass breaking downstairs, Evie shot up in bed, eyes wide and alert. Throwing the blankets off her, she slid out of bed and pulled on Forrest's long brown coat before heading towards the hall. It was only Forrest and Evie in the house tonight, but as she listened in to the footsteps downstairs, she had a feeling they weren't Forrest's. Quietly rushing back into the bedroom, Evie grabbed the shotgun that was hung on the wall beside the bed and shoved four shells into her pocket before heading toward the stairs. With the loaded gun ready in her arms, Evie walked down the stairs as quietly as she could. ''Forrest?'' she called out when she reached the bottom and turned the corner. ''Look what we've got here,'' The unfamiliar voice came from behind her and Evie spun around with the gun aimed toward whoever it was. It was the same man from earlier, the one that Forrest had beaten to a bloody mess and thrown outside. Evie's heart started beating faster, knowing that they had already ran into Forrest. ''Ain't you pretty,'' he continued, a smirk on his lips and a knife in his hand. ''Don't fuck with me,'' Evie threatened, her finger tapping against the trigger in warning. As the man stepped closer, Evie moved back, feeling the presence of another man behind her. His movements were quick, a cold sharp blade pressed against Evie's neck in one swift motion. ''Why don't you drop the gun sweetie?'' he whispered in her ear, his voice delighted. Evie had no choice but to lower the gun down in her arms, drop it to her side and let it crash against the wooden floor. Two men, both incredibly pissed off and both armed with knives that she knew they had no problem using against her. ''Don't touch me,'' she snarled as the man moved closer to her. Evie's hand went to her stomach, protecting the bump underneath her shirt as if it was going to shield her child from harm. Her hands were trembling with fear, but the fear wasn't for herself. It was for her baby and for her husband. ''What a nice little family it could have been,'' the man in front of her smiled. ''Where is he?'' Evie asked furiously. ''Don't you worry about him darlin', we'll soon take your mind off it,'' The man behind her began to move his hand along Evie's shoulders, his knife slipping away as he reached toward her chest. Evie was disgusted, her hands balling into fists as she stood still, enduring. When the other man stepped closer to her, Evie couldn't take it anymore. She lifted her knee and kicked him hard between his legs, listening for his knife to hit the ground as he did too. The other intruder behind her spun her around, pinning her against the bar and grabbing her by the throat. Evie pushed back as far as she could, her hand frantically searching for a glass before smashing it against the side of his face. As the man stumbled and cried in pain, Evie bent down to retrieve the gun on the ground. She barely had it in her grip when the other man grabbed it before her, swinging it around to hit her across the face. Feeling the warm trail of blood trickle down from her eye over her cheek, Evie grabbed the other end of the gun and aimed it toward the ceiling as the man pulled the trigger. With a hard push, Evie knocked the barrel of the gun into the man's nose and finally seized control. She fired another shot toward the floor by their feet before reloading the gun with the shells in her pocket, closing the barrel and aiming toward the men. That's when they began running toward the door. Evie shot toward them once more but ended up firing into the night sky as they pushed the door open. Running out onto the porch, Evie watched the men scramble into a car and speed away as she aimed the shotgun toward the vehicle. The sound of shattering glass let her know she had hit them, but still they continued on. When their lights were out of sight, Evie turned away from the front of the porch and began walking around the side. ''Forrest?'' she called out urgently. With no response, Evie kept walking. She had done a full lap of the porch around the house and had found no sign of him, but when she heard a noise in the dirt, she took the few steps down onto the ground. The gun dropped from her hands in an instant when she laid her eyes on Forrest. Laying on the ground in a heap, barely visible from the porch light, Forrest was moving around as best he could with blood flowing out of his neck like a tap. They had cut him from cheek to cheek and left him to die. Evie couldn't feel anything on her body anymore. She didn't know how her feet were moving or how her arms were reaching for him, but she was next to him right away. ''Forrest!'' she screamed in terror. ''No, no, no! Forrest open your eyes! Forrest!'' The love of her life was dying in her arms. Evie couldn't let him go, she refused to have him die. Ripping the bottom of his shirt off, Evie bundled up the material to hold against Forrest's neck to stop the bleeding, but there had already been so much lost. ''I'm g-getting the car, okay? It's gonna be okay Forrest,'' she stuttered, hyperventilating and struggling for air. The only thing that kept her moving was the fact that if she didn't, Forrest wasn't going to make it. ''Look at me, I'm Forrest Bondurant and I'm indestructible!'' Evie stood on a branch in the large tree, hands on her hips as she made her announcement, dangling one of her legs over the edge for a moment. Forrest stood below her in the grass with a cigarette hanging out his mouth and his focus trained on her movements. ''You won't be laughing when you fall and break your goddamn neck,'' he warned, stepping forward to follow her as she moved along the thick branch. ''But I'm indestructible, remember?'' she giggled. ''Evie,'' Forrest called out as she balanced on one foot again. ''Get down,'' ''Oh relax, I ain't gonna fall,'' ''I'll relax when you get your ass down here,'' Evie stopped and looked down at him with a mischievous grin. It was as if Forrest could read her mind, his cigarette falling out his mouth as he shook his head in protest. There was no time to argue however as Evie took one step forward and let herself drop into the air. Forrest was already standing below her and held out his arms, catching her perfectly and swiftly. As Forrest stared at her in shock, Evie just laughed in return and wrapped her arms around his neck, moving forward to press a kiss to his lips that lasted almost a minute until she pulled away and stared back at him with an amused grin. ''You're a dangerous woman,'' Forrest shook his head, but a smile was on his lips. ''Luckily I got a dangerous man to catch me,'' Forrest didn't know where he was when he opened his eyes. White walls, white ceiling, white blankets and white pillows. His whole body felt weak, but his throat felt like it was on fire. After making the mistake of swallowing, a movement that made him think there were razor blades going down his throat, everything from the night before came back to him all at once. Looking to his side, Evie sat in a chair close to his bed, her head laying down on the edge of the blankets and her hand wrapped around his. Forrest inspected the white gown she wore to bed, now stained red from his blood, and her boots which had dirt all over them from where she had dragged him into the car. Of course he remembered none of that, but he did recall hearing her voice calling out to him. When he moved his fingers slightly, Evie's head moved to stare at his hand in hers. Then she looked straight up at him, searching for a sign that he was finally awake. When Forrest looked at her, he suddenly forgot all about his own pain. Evie's eyes were red and her skin was pale, bruises visible on her neck and jaw, and there were a few stitches above her swollen eye. They had hurt her too. They could beat him, slit his throat and leave him to die, Forrest would catch up to them and make them pay. He would kill them just as they attempted to kill him, but touch Evie and he would make it torture. ''Mornin' stranger,'' she greeted with a weak smile. ''Never thought I'd see the day the sun was up before you,'' Forrest could hear the cracks in her voice, he could see how close she was to tears and it made him even more frustrated to be confined to this bed. He tried to sit up, he wanted to be closer to her, but the bandages around his neck prevented him from doing so. ''Hey, try and stay still okay?'' Evie gently put her arms on his shoulders, guiding him back down onto the pillow. Forrest lifted his hand up and cupped Evie's cheek, his thumb smoothing over the swollen corner of her eye just below the stitches. Evie covered his hand with her own and stopped his thumb from moving, shaking her head. ''I'm okay,'' she told him softly, seeing the worry in his eyes that then drifted down to the large bump underneath her blood stained gown. ''So is little one, we're both okay,'' To prove her point, Evie held Forrest's hand to her stomach and let him feel their child moving around. They liked the sound of Forrest's voice, it was like they knew who he was, he knew that was their father. Forrest was mesmerized every time he felt the tiny movements or kicks and right now he was more relieved than ever to feel and know that his family was okay. ''I'm sorry,'' Forrest told her in a croaky, hoarse voice that sounded painful. ''None of this is your fault Forrest,'' Evie shook her head, moving closer. ''I'm the one who was up in bed while you were...I should've come down sooner,'' ''You shouldn't have come down at all,'' Evie reached out and ran a hand over his forehead, playing with his hair. He was so pale and tired, he almost looked like a corpse. Forrest watched as her eyes grew watery, a few tears spilling over onto her cheeks as she relived finding him outside the night before. ''I thought I lost you,'' she whispered, sharing these words with only Forrest. ''I thought you were dead. There was so much blood...'' ''I'm alright,'' he told her, unable to offer any other comfort right now other than words. ''You can't leave me like that,'' she sniffled. ''I can't lose you again,'' ''I ain't going anywhere,'' he assured, lifting his hand up to cup her cheek again. ''Come here,'' Forrest used whatever strength he had left to lift his hand up and cup Evie's cheek again, pulling her close and pressing a kiss to her lips. As painful as the slight movements were, as long as she was there with him right now, he couldn't feel a thing. PLEASE REVIEW[Chapter 15] ''We're gonna find 'em Forrest,'' Jack told his brother, standing at his bedside. ''And I'm gonna be there with you,\" Evie was staring out the window of Forrest's hospital room, listening to Jack's words and shuddering at the thought of Forrest facing the man who did this. It was no surprise to her at all that it was the Bondurant's first response to what had happened. Someone hurt their brother, the only thing that mattered was finding them and getting revenge. Hurting the man who attacked Forrest was an appealing idea to Evie, but she couldn't move her mind that far into the future yet. What mattered to her right now was making sure Forrest was going to be okay, that he was going to rest and his wound was going to heal. All she wanted was for him to get better, to not see him like this ever again. Eight months ago revenge would have been the only thing on her mind as well, but everything was different now. Her family came before anything else. ''Jack, why don't you shut up a minute, huh?'' Howard advised. Stepping back from the bedside, Jack closed his mouth and looked down at his brother with worry. As silence overcame them all, Evie turned away from the window and leaned against the wall, arms folded over her bloodied gown. The brothers had already taken their time staring at Evie's condition when they arrived, but it still seemed to stun them every time they looked over and saw the swollen eye and stitches. Howard was not one for talking in these sorts of moments, instead he hung his head low and nodded to himself. He was furious about what happened, he hated seeing his brother this way. But he also saw the situation for what it was, there was nothing he could do now and just as he turned to walk toward the door, he heard Forrest take a staggered breath to speak. Forrest looked toward his older brother expressionless, but Howard knew exactly what he felt toward him right now. ''You should've been there Howard,'' Forrest's croaky voice announced. Howard looked down once again in shame, only looking up to glance over at Evie who was staring back at him with the same look on Forrest's face. They both knew that if Howard was there things would have went a different way. He promised he would be there to help and he had let them both down. Jack stood awkwardly between his brothers as the room remained in silence. But the moment didn't last long. Howard took one last look over at Evie and back to his brother before hanging his head low again and heading for the door, closing it behind him. Howard knew that Forrest was right. He should have been there for his brother, he should have stopped this from happening, but he didn't. As Jack stared down at his brother in bed, Evie walked over to his side and put a hand on his shoulder. It was all the comfort she could offer right now, she was beyond exhausted. Forrest looked up at them both with heavy eyelids before they drifted closed, his energy completely drained from saying just a few words. ''I should be goin','' Jack spoke quietly, careful not to disturb Forrest, but he was still awake enough to hear. ''Evie, why don't you go on home?'' Forrest suggested. ''I'm not leaving you here,'' ''There's nothing you can do. Go on and get some rest, I ain't goin' anywhere,'' The idea of going home and getting out of this bloodied gown and slipping into bed was more than tempting to Evie, but the idea of Forrest being in here in pain on his own made her want to stay. Being almost eight months pregnant didn't help her exhaustion either and Forrest needed her to take care of herself and their baby more than anything else right now. Evie moved closer to him, her hand cupping his cheek as he lazily stared back up at her, barely awake. ''I'll be back,'' she promised, pressing a kiss to his forehead. ''Real soon, alright?'' ''Mm,'' Forrest ran his finger over her hand. ''Do me a favor while I'm gone though,'' she whispered. ''Get better, you hear me?'' The stars always fascinated Evie, they were so beautiful to look at. Tiny white spots in the sky, all spaced out and sparkling brightly, it always made her feel content and happy when she stared up at them. But even as she laid back against Forrest's chest, sitting between his legs on the roof of their hidden little shack, the stars provided only a small amount of comfort. It was earlier that evening that her brother Phillip announced his enlistment in the war, his departure only a few days away. She couldn't imagine him in the battlefield, dodging bullets and explosives, but mostly she couldn't imagine him ever coming back. ''We'll lose the farm without him,'' Evie told Forrest, still staring up into the sky. ''I can see it now. Momma will try and marry me off to some man in the city,'' ''That's not gonna happen,'' Forrest shook his head as if it wasn't even an option. ''She's already tryin' to get me into all those fancy dresses, keeps saying I gotta think smart about my life,'' Forrest leaned forward and leaned his head against her shoulder. The thought of Evie marrying some man from the city in a fancy suit and tie made him feel ill, he couldn't bare the idea of her leaving town and starting a new life. ''Stayin' here ain't smart?'' he asked. ''I don't care if it's smart or not,'' Evie shrugged. ''I know they want me to have a good life but I can do that just fine for myself,'' Forrest smiled to himself, knowing Evie would have responded in that way. She wasn't someone that could be told what to do or how to live her life. If someone expected her to do one thing, she would make sure she did the other. They fell back into silence for a moment as a shooting star raced across the sky, both of them noticing it but not saying a word. They enjoyed the quiet, they liked being together without having to say anything or do anything. They could almost read each other's minds, there was no need for words. ''Forrest?'' Evie asked quietly after a moment. ''Mm,'' he responded sleepily. ''You're not gonna leave, are you?'' Forrest pulled a face, wondering why she thought he was going anywhere at all. ''Got no plans for it,'' he told her honestly. ''Good,'' she yawned, leaning back further into his chest. ''Why you askin'?'' ''Because I couldn't take it if you did,'' Running her finger softly over her stomach, Evie smiled at the movements she could feel beneath. Little kicks against her side could be painful at times, but right now she was more than happy to experience them. The warm evening sun was shining through the window, a light breeze blowing through. She had only woken up a few minutes ago from what she was sure was the deepest and most restful sleep she had in a long time. Without Forrest by her side, falling asleep should have been difficult, but Evie didn't remember a thing after her head touched the pillow. It was the long hot bath she had taken when she arrived home earlier and the fact that she had been awake for over 24 hours that made rest much easier. There was slight tap on the bedroom door, Evie looking up to see red hair poking through. ''I didn't wake you did I?'' Maggie asked, knowing the restaurant wasn't the quietest during the day. ''No, constant kicking of my ribs woke me up,'' Evie sighed, looking down at her large stomach. ''I can't imagine what that'd be like,'' Maggie walked over to the bedside table and sat down a tray with a full, warm meal and a cup of tea. Ever since Jack had brought her home earlier, Maggie hadn't been able to get the image of Evie out of her mind. She looked beyond exhausted and the bruises over her face made her stomach uneasy. She kept thinking that if she had stayed longer last night or if she had just served those men their whiskey none of this would have happened. ''Maggie,'' Evie shook her head, an appreciative smile on her face. ''Please don't fuss over me,'' ''You gotta get used to accepting some help every now and then. Soon there'll be a little baby crying and you'll be crying too if you stay that stubborn,'' Maggie reminded. ''I'm not stubborn,'' Evie defended firmly. ''I'm just...'' ''Stubborn,'' Maggie summed up. ''Now eat something, I know you need it,'' Looking over at the freshly cooked meal, Evie couldn't deny how hungry she was. She hadn't realized just how unwell she had been feeling until she came home. All her attention had been on Forrest, right now she needed to take care of herself. \"He's gonna be okay,'' Maggie told her, knowing her mind was on Forrest. ''Yeah,'' Evie nodded before a smile crept onto her lips. ''You know, when we were kids he used to joke about being indestructible, that he was a Bondurant and nothing was gonna kill him,'' ''Well he seems to be sticking by his words,'' ''I thought he was dead,'' Evie announced. ''When I found him out there, I was sure of it,'' Maggie reached over and put her hand on Evie's back, a sad look on her face as she imagined what it would have been like to find the man she loved lying on the ground surrounded by his own blood. ''And all I could think of was that boy who used to tell me nothing could kill him, laying in my arms dying,'' ''Evie,'' Maggie frowned. ''I'm so sorry,'' ''I can't do this without Forrest,'' ''You don't have to, he's okay, he's gonna come home to you,'' Maggie assured. ''And it's not just Forrest that's gonna be here for you, okay? We're all gonna be here. I know I'm not going anywhere, I gotta meet that little trouble maker,'' Evie laughed, a hand running over her stomach. Looking down, she knew that this baby was indeed going to be quite a mischievous trouble maker. The child of a rebellious woman and a dangerous man. Who knew what they would be like, but everyone wanted to find out. No one had seen Howard since he left the hospital earlier in the day, assuming he had gone off with his no-good friends to indulge in some whiskey as he normally did. But when he walked through the door late that evening, he looked far from intoxicated. Maggie was wiping down the bar when she turned in fright at the sound of the door swinging open, a relieved sigh escaping her lips as she saw it was Howard. All day she had been on edge waiting for those men to show their faces here again, but they must have known better. ''Where have you been?'' Maggie asked. ''Why's it matter?'' Howard asked with a mumble, pulling out a chair and taking a seat at the bar. Maggie frowned in annoyance and walked over to the oven where she had been keeping a plate of dinner for him if he happened to show up. She knew that Howard was not in his usual mood, which wasn't exactly pleasant anyway, he was angry at himself. He had made a promise to his brother and he didn't keep it, resulting in everything that happened last night. If he didn't hate himself before, he certainly did now. ''You got people who worry about you too Howard,'' she reminded him as she placed the plate on the counter in front of him. Howard looked up at her and saw the sincerity in her eyes, knowing that when she said people she was referring to herself as well. He didn't know why Maggie seemed to care about him so much, he felt like he didn't deserve it, he hadn't done anything to prove to her he was worth caring about. For a long time that's exactly how he felt about himself, that he just wasn't worth it. But Maggie always made sure she was still behind that counter whenever he came home, a warm meal waiting for him. She would stay with him and ask about his day, sometimes she was the only one talking, but Howard liked to listen. ''I should have been here Maggie,'' he admit, resting his head in his hands. Watching him shake his head in frustration and regret, Maggie moved closer to the counter and reached over to him. She pulled one of his arms down and searched for his hand, holding it gently between her own. Howard looked down at their hands together and then back up at Maggie, wondering why she was doing this. ''I know,'' she began. ''But those men knew what they were doin' before they walked in the door. You being here might have slowed them down, but they were gonna hurt people no matter what,'' ''Forrest wouldn't be in hospital if I had been here,'' Howard argued. ''You don't know that,'' ''I do, I would have stopped them. But instead, you know what I was doing? Sitting around a fire, drinking my ass off, blind drunk,'' he admit. ''And my brother was getting his throat slit,'' Howard stopped himself from continuing, hearing the clicking of shoes approaching. Evie was standing over by the doorframe, slowing making her way into the room and looking between Maggie and Howard. Their touch broke instantly, Maggie picking up the cloth and beginning to clean the bar again. But Evie was more interested in Howard. There was so lingering smell of liquor in the air, no bloodstained eyes, no slurred words. Howard was sober. After everything that happened that day, he was completely sober. Evie never thought she would see the day. ''I'm going to the hospital,'' she told them, pulling on her coat. ''I'll drive you,'' Howard offered. ''No, I can drive myself,'' she told him as politely as she could. ''I want to stay with him a while,'' ''You shouldn't go alone,'' Maggie insisted. ''I'm only going to the hospital and back, I'll be fine and I'll be careful, okay?'' Neither Maggie or Howard wanted to argue, sensing that she was going alone no matter what they said anyway. With a small smile, Evie walked out the door, leaving Maggie and Howard to awkwardly start up their conversation again. But neither of them said a word. Thanks for reading, Please review[Chapter 16] It was well after dark when Evie decided to leave the hospital. Forrest looked only slightly better than he did earlier that morning, but she felt better having just seen him. She lost count of how many times he told her to go home and rest or how many times he would doze off and wake up to say the same thing, drowsy and confused. Evie just sat by his bed holding his hand, staring up at the bandages wrapped around his throat and hoping he wouldn't have to be in this hospital bed for much longer. Right now this was the best place for him, but it sure was lonely back at the house without him. ''I'll be back in the morning, okay?'' Evie told him, pressing a kiss to his forehead as she ran her fingers through his hair gently. ''I'm gonna be home soon,'' he mumbled tiredly. ''I know,'' she smiled, hopeful. Forrest squeezed her hand for a moment as if to comfort and reassure her before his eyes fell closed again, slipping back to sleep. Evie watched as his mouth fell open, a slight snore escaping and making her chuckle quietly. Then she was gone. As she drove away from the hospital, Evie thought of the fact that her comfortable bed was not far away. It was too big for just one person, she found herself lost in the blankets and pillows, and although Forrest was fast asleep somewhere else, Evie knew she would fall straight to sleep. It had been a long day. Driving through town, Evie glanced over at the hotel Maggie was staying and her foot immediately went for the brakes. Dirt created a cloud around the car as Evie came to an immediate stop in the middle of the road, her eyes drawn to the fancy black car parked out the front. The same black car that had driven down the driveway to the station and started all of this mess. Rakes had found Maggie. There was no one there to help her, no one Rakes had to go through. Evie's hands were trembling with anger as she managed to park the car outside, just off from the road and blocking the black car in. When she switched off the ignition, she could hear just how loud her heart was beating. It was stupid to go inside but there seemed to be no one else around, Evie had to find out if Maggie was okay. Climbing out of the car, Evie adjusted the long red dress she was wearing, pulling on a black coat and grabbing a knife. Slipping the blade underneath the sleeve, Evie kept a grip of the weapon as she made her way to the entrance of the hotel. She felt her stomach twisting in knots as she approached the door but kept moving, unable to afford taking her time. Once she found the main door unlocked, Evie walked inside and marched up the hall quickly to Maggie's room. There was still no one in sight, a fact that made her feel even more worried. ''Maggie!'' Evie called out, knocking on the door loudly. Twisting the handle, Evie groaned when she found it was locked. ''Maggie, it's me, open up!'' ''I'm afraid your friend hasn't come home yet,'' As soon as Evie heard his voice, shivers were sent down her spine in disgust. Rakes appeared standing in the doorway of the room next door, dressed in his usual black suit, staring at Evie as if was just a helpful neighbor. ''Where is she?'' Evie asked in a firm voice. ''I assume still wiping down the tables at your little...restaurant,'' Evie glared at him with a look that could kill, wanting him to see that she was in no mood to play his games. She wasn't intimidated by how coolly he stood there and spoke to her as if nothing else was going on, she didn't care that he had a smirk on his lips. ''You leave her alone,'' she warned. ''It's so nice that you two look out for one another,'' Rakes took a step out of his room, a chuckle escaping his lips. ''After all, you wouldn't want everyone around here knowing who you either of you used to be,'' The blade was beginning to cut Evie's hand with how tight she was gripping it. ''Your smile really shows how oblivious you are,'' Evie told him with a forced grin. ''If you think you know who I used to be then you should know I haven't changed at all, and I don't take kindly to cowards who get others to do their dirty work,'' Rakes stepped closer then, making Evie move back against the wall. Everything about him made her uncomfortable. His walk, his smile, his voice, his smell. There was nothing about this man that gave off any feeling other than disgust. ''You wouldn't be threatening me,'' he spoke softly. ''Not in your delicate condition, now would you?'' ''Could you really sink any lower?'' ''You'd be surprised what I can do,'' Just before Evie's back made contact with the wall behind her, she slipped the knife from her sleeve and into her hand, pulling the blade up to push against the man's neck. ''I could surprise you too,'' Evie added pressure to the blade, forcing it against his skin until she managed to get him stepping back toward his room. With a grin still on his lips, eyes still on Evie's, Rakes cooperated. When his back hit the door, Rakes laughed to himself and stepped inside, turning to look at her once more. ''Get home safe. Oh, and give my regards to Forrest, won't you?'' Evie had driven as fast as she could back to the station, hoping to catch Maggie before she left to go back to the hotel. The thought of her friend living in a room beside Rakes made her feel sick, she couldn't let Maggie get any more involved in this mess. Rakes remembered Maggie and Evie knew she came here to get away from the city, there was no way she was going to let that man ruin her life here. When Evie made it back to the station, the lights were still on inside the restaurant and Maggie's car was parked outside where it had been all day. A wave of relief washed over Evie as she stopped the car, leaning against the steering wheel for a minute to catch her breath. Maggie was sitting on a stool beside Howard against the bar when Evie walked in, turning with a laugh and smiling. They had obviously been down here all evening talking with one another, keeping each other company. ''About time, I was about to take the rest of that apple pie if you didn't show up soon,'' Maggie giggled, pushing away the empty plate in front of her. ''You're gonna stay here tonight,'' Evie told her with a nod. ''And tomorrow we're going to get your stuff from that hotel,'' The amusement drained from Maggie's face and Howard's too, both looking toward Evie with worry. ''What happened?'' Howard asked. ''Did you know that new Deputy was staying there?'' Maggie went silent for a moment, remembering a brief and unpleasant run in with the man a few weeks ago. She didn't think anything into it since he was questioning her about being a dancer back in Chicago, it was too embarrassing to admit to them. She didn't want to get back into that part of her life, that's why she came here in the first place. ''I saw him a while ago,'' Maggie nodded. ''You can't stay there,'' Evie insisted. ''It's not safe, I'm not gonna risk him hurting you,'' ''How'd you know he was there?'' Howard asked Evie. ''I saw his car out front,'' she explained coolly. ''I can take care of myself, I don't need to be bargin' in on all of you here,'' ''You ain't barging in,'' Howard shook his head. ''You're welcome here, you know that,'' Evie looked over to Howard with a nod before locking the door behind her. ''So it's settled, alright?'' Maggie had no chance to object, and she didn't want to anyway. Staying at that hotel was lonely, but she dealt with it. She felt much more at home here at the station surrounded by these people that had taken her in as family, she would rather stay here any day. ''Alright,'' Forrest had been home for a week now and although doctors assured Evie he was recovering perfectly, she still felt the need to monitor his stitches at every chance she had. Everyone could see Evie's mothering instincts showing as she made sure her husband was only on light duties around the place, Howard and Jack already attending to Forrest's daily duties. ''I thought I was havin' a meal, not a check up,'' Forrest leaned back in his chair, putting down his fork and ignoring his lunch for a moment. Evie's hands tilted his head back slightly, pressing a damp piece of material against his stitches. Where Forrest's concern was popping a few stitches and bleeding out, Evie's worries were infection. Every few hours she would dab antibiotic ointment along his neck, no matter what he did in protest. ''Oh quit whining,'' she shook her head, hitting his shoulder. ''It could be a whole lot worse,'' Forrest couldn't help the grin on his lips. Evie's eyebrows always pulled together whenever she was cranky or frustrated, but Forrest could never be threatened or frightened by it, it was more adorable than anything else. And Forrest grinning only made her even crankier. ''I suppose there could be worse things to be looking at,'' he joked, a grin on his lips as he waited for Evie's expression to soften. Which it did. ''Don't go trying to distract me,'' Evie warned, fighting off a smirk as she poured more ointment onto the cloth. ''Won't work,'' ''That so?'' Forrest asked, his hand reaching out to grab the back of her leg. Evie let out a small squeal of surprise before hitting Forrest's shoulder again a few times, but that cranky look on her face was long gone. A few people turned in their seat to see what the noise was about but only saw Forrest laughing to himself, looking down at the table and Evie beside him turning red. Maggie observed the moment from where she stood behind the bar and chuckled to herself. Then her attention was taken by Howard who came into the restaurant looking like he was fighting for breath and looking around the room. Setting down the glasses she was holding, Maggie hurried over to him as he stood there staring at his brother. ''Howard,'' she spoke worriedly. ''What's wrong?'' Howard looked down at her and then back at Forrest, wondering if he should go over and tell him what was happening. He was going to be furious. ''We got a problem,'' As soon as they heard the car approaching from down the long drive way, no one had said a word. Not that conversation was booming before that, but now there was tension, anticipation. The car had been loaded with crates of moonshine for a while now, but without Forrest they hadn't journeyed over the county line for a week now. But Jack, always so eager to prove his brothers wrong about his maturity and capability, took the car across in hopes of selling to the one and only Floyd Banner. Forrest was staring down the road with an icy glare, one that made Evie nervous for what was going to happen when Jack actually made it to the house. Howard sat on a bench on the other side of the door where Maggie stood, arms folded as she silently awaited the fallout. They could all see Jack's desperation to argue his side of what was going on, immediately jumping out of the car when it pulled up in a cloud of dust. ''Now hold on Forrest, hear me out,'' he looked toward his brother, taking a few steps toward the porch with a bag in his hand. ''I sold the whole lot to Floyd Banner in one damn go. It would have taken you a month to offload that. Not only that, but I sold it for twice what you get. Right here is two thousand dollars,'' Jack undid the bag and dropped numerous wads of money down on the porch, showing them all what he managed to get. ''Minus my commission,'' he added. Howard stared at the pile of money, standing up and looking between his two brothers, unsure of what to say. Evie knew that Jack was capable of much more than his brothers thought for his age, but not even Evie thought he would come back with this much money. She wasn't even confident he would come back in one piece. ''Well look at you,'' Forrest spoke in a low voice. ''Think you're so goddamn smart, huh? Going around like your Al Capone, with your new best friend. Well take a good look Jack, that's your new best friend,'' Jack watched as Forrest pointed toward his throat which was covered in stitches. ''You're wrong about that too,'' Jack shook his head. ''Special Deputy Rakes is the one who hired them men to do that to you,'' ''Who told you that?'' ''Floyd Banner himself,'' ''Oh Floyd Banner himself,'' Forrest exclaimed sarcastically. ''Well that must be gospel,'' Jack held out a piece of paper then for his brother to take. ''What's that?'' ''It's a gift from Floyd Banner. It's an address Forrest, for them bastards who cut your throat. I say we get 'em tonight,'' Forrest stared back at his brother and didn't say a word, knowing that if that was indeed an address to the men who attacked him, he very much wanted it. Finding them had been on his mind ever since waking up in hospital. Evie turned her gaze from Jack to Forrest, seeing the interest in his eyes. She wasn't going to protest about them going after these men, she wanted revenge on them too, but she worried what Forrest would do. Jack stepped up onto the porch and sat the piece of paper on Forrest's shoulder. ''Anything else I can do for you Forrest? Sweep the fuckin' floors maybe?'' he remarked before walking inside. ''I got somewhere I need to be,'' Forrest's jaw tightened in anger as he reached up and grabbed the paper, looking down to see an address. They would go after them tonight, but Jack wouldn't be with them. This was for him and Howard to sort out. Hey guys, thanks for reading. Also if you could leave a review I would appreciate it! Also I'm having mixed thoughts on whether Evie and Forrest's baby should be a boy or girl, so let me know what you think![Chapter 17] Leaning back against the pillows on the bed, Evie watched Forrest move around the room from corner to corner searching for the many weapons he had hidden all over the place and sliding a few knives into his back pocket. Howard paced outside in the hall waiting for his brother, hoping that Jack wouldn't come home and see them leaving without him. It wasn't a pleasant thought imagining what the two brothers were going to do once they found the men who attacked Forrest the other night, but Evie knew this was something that had to happen. Rakes hired these men to come here into their home and kill Forrest, Evie had no sympathy for them. If they were willing to kill, they should be ready for retaliation from their victims. This was how things worked, everyone knew the unspoken rules and risks. Forrest looked over his shoulder once again and began to shake his head, searching through a box full of bullets, trying to find the ones he would need. ''Evie,'' he sighed. ''No use staring at me, I'm doing this,'' ''I didn't say a word,'' Evie threw her hands up before returning them to rest on top of her stomach. ''You don't have to, I know what you're thinkin','' ''Then you know I'm just worrying and as your very pregnant wife I'd say that I'm more than allowed to do that,'' she defended. Turning with a slight groan, Forrest made his way over to the side of the bed, slipping a belt through the loops in his pants. Evie watched as his eyes moved back and forth between her, the large bump beneath her shirt and out the window at Howard starting up the car. The last thing she wanted to do right now was make him feel guilty. After all he had been through, he didn't need any more inner conflict. ''I just worry about you,'' Evie told him, reaching out to put her hand on his leg. ''I always do,'' ''I don't like you worryin' about me. Few hours I'll be back, ain't nothin' gonna happen to me,'' he explained, pulling on his cardigan. ''But these men almost killed you, at least let me worry about that,'' she told him. There was a long pause of silence between them that was broken by Howard honking the horn outside. They only had a limited window in case Jack came home and they wanted this done tonight, Forrest had to go. ''Come here,'' Evie told him as she stood up, pulling him into a tight hug. Forrest maneuvered himself around her swollen stomach, pressing a soft kiss to her cheek. If anyone else saw him right now, he was sure the illusion of the kind of man he was would fade away. But with Evie he could be as gentle and real as he wanted. There was no violence in his touch, no anger in his voice, nothing that he would be associated with outside of this room. ''I'll be back soon,'' he assured, trying to soothe the worries in her mind. ''Not soon enough,'' Evie had wandered downstairs in her nightgown just in time for Maggie to begin serving out the leftover apple pie from dinner. It was just the two of them in the house, the sound of the cool wind blowing outside and the crackly radio playing softly in the corner. Maggie was nice company at any time of the day, but late at night when all of the boys were gone, they could relax together in peace. Maggie living at the station now seemed to work out for everyone. Howard didn't have to worry about her being all the way in town with Rakes around, Maggie didn't have to make the commute each day and her and Evie took control of the whole restaurant and household. Maggie was part of their family now. ''I thought you would have put up a fight against them going,'' Maggie admit, pulling out a stool to sit on beside Evie. ''I worry less when Forrest has Howard,'' Evie shrugged, sticking her fork into the pie. ''You ain't worried then?'' ''Oh I'm worried. But me and Forrest, we're one in the same. If someone had cut my throat, I'd be going after them without a second thought,'' Evie explained. ''There's no point arguing against something I agree with,'' Maggie smiled and took a bite of the pie. ''You two are alike, you got that right,'' she chuckled. ''I can't imagine what this little one's gonna be like,'' ''Hopefully smarter than both of us,'' Evie looked down at her stomach with an admiring glance. ''I don't want them to be like us, I want them to be better than that,'' ''Evie, you and Forrest aren't bad people,'' ''But we've done a lot of bad things. I know that's part of life, but I don't want that to be their life,'' she told Maggie, rubbing her hand over her stomach, feeling movements beneath her touch. ''I want them to be happy, healthy and safe. I want their life to be everything me and Forrest's wanted our lives to be,'' Maggie took a sip of her warm coffee, grinning at the way Evie spoke of her unborn child, hearing the excitement in her voice for her future. But she spoke as if her and Forrest weren't worthy of being parents. They had both done terrible things in their life, but they were far from bad people. Family was everything to Forrest as it was to Evie. ''Life ain't ever easy Evie,'' Maggie told her with a long sigh. ''But there are certain peaks throughout everyone's life, a certain point where everything is perfect and everything you've done before that point seems worth it and you wouldn't change a thing. I'm sure you've have those peaks before and real soon you'll have another, and that's what life's about. You and Forrest are gonna have a little person who's gonna be in your life forever and you'll have those perfect moments all the time,'' Evie looked over at her friend with a genuine smile, closing her eyes for just a moment to imagine the life they would have soon. Everything was going to change and she had no idea what was going to happen, but she was excited for it. All she wanted now was for all of this mess to be over. No more Rakes, no more problems with the law, no more danger. But that wasn't going to happen. There was always going to be danger in their lives and problems were unavoidable, but Evie couldn't let herself focus on them anymore. Right now she just wanted Forrest to be home in one piece, uninjured and by her side. ''That means a lot Maggie,'' Evie told her friend. ''Forrest?'' Jack's booming voice came from the hall, door swinging shut behind him. ''I got my new car,'' Jack walked into the restaurant looking like a new man. A fancy suit and hat, a cigarette hanging off his lips and a satisfied grin on his face that seemed as if there was no wiping it off. ''What'd you think?'' he asked them both. ''Very nice,'' Maggie smiled. ''You look too grown up,'' Evie shook her head. ''But it's handsome,'' Jack smiled and slipped in hand into his pocket, looking around the dark and empty room. ''Where's Forrest?'' Evie and Maggie both fell silent in response, looking at him with the answer he knew was coming. ''They go without me?'' he asked. ''Goddammit,'' ''Jack,'' Evie called out as he rushed down the hall again. ''Jack!'' In the past few weeks, Evie had learned that her body just couldn't make it staying up all night anymore. Normally Evie would wait downstairs until Forrest came home, busying herself in the restaurant by cleaning or adjusting the shelves, but tonight she could barely keep her eyes open. Without Forrest sleeping was always a struggle, especially knowing that he was out there doing something as dangerous and worrying as finding the men who attacked him. It was the early hours of the morning when Evie jolted awake, the sound of the bedroom door clicking shut just loud enough to register her senses. Forrest saw her head turn, searching for him in the darkness. He cursed himself for not being quieter, moving over to his side of the bed and sliding under the covers. The feeling of a soft bed and pillow beneath him made him let out a long, relieved and satisfied sigh. It had been a long night. A long, gruesome, successful night. Those men were never going to be a threat to his family ever again. It was impossible, he and Howard made sure of it. ''Forrest,'' a quiet voice called to him. Rolling onto his side, Forrest looked at his wife's soft face, illuminated by the moon outside their window, and took a moment to appreciate what he was able to come home to every night. There wasn't a women he had ever known who would put up with what she had. She understood him as if their minds were one, she trusted him more than he did himself. There was nothing he wouldn't do for her. ''Go back to sleep,'' he whispered, reaching out to run his thumb over her cheek. Evie captured his hand, pulling it to her lips and pressing a kiss to his skin. Forrest felt his chest tighten as she held his hand to her chest, clinging to him as if to assure herself he was there, he was home. Evie could smell soap on his skin from where he had washed himself before coming upstairs. She didn't want to know what he had to wash off himself or what he had done, she just didn't want to think about it. ''You're cold,'' she mumbled tiredly, moving as close as she could to him, sliding her hands under his shirt to warm his chest. Forrest shivered at her touch before settling into it, snaking one arm beneath her head and the other over her body. She was wrapped in him completely and maybe now they would be to sleep, to be at peace. As in between consciousness as she was, Evie still remembered Maggie's words from earlier on in the night and knew that right now was one of those perfect moments. ''Go to sleep, I'm not goin' nowhere,'' The next few days at the station were unlike usual. Jack was the one who had been taking the Bondurant's car and crossing the county line with Cricket, selling moonshine to Floyd Banner on what seemed to be a regular basis. Banner had asked Jack to bring him as much liquor as he could, whenever he could, and he was always paid very generously. Jack felt like he had finally proven himself to his brothers and the whole county, even managing to take Bertha's attention. Forrest had said nothing about the new arrangement. He had let Jack become involved after all these years and he was now letting him take on the biggest responsibility. Floyd Banner wasn't a man that Forrest trusted, but as long as he paid Jack like he was and caused no trouble, it would be good enough for now. The Bondurant's business was always controlled by Forrest and Howard, it was an uneasy feeling letting Jack take on so much. But there was no stepping in now, not when it seemed to be going so well. ''Jack going back this afternoon?'' Evie asked, standing out on the porch balancing a small plate in her hand as she snacked on another pie of Maggie's apple pie. ''Looks like it,'' Forrest nodded, scribbling something down in the thick notepad where he kept track of all their sales and agreements. ''How is he getting over the line so easily?'' ''Banner's got some deal apparently,'' Forrest shook his head, closing the book and leaning back in his chair. ''Jack don't say much about it, thinks he got the whole thing sorted,'' ''I just hope he's being careful. I don't like that Banner fellow,'' Evie admit, scraping the rest of the pastry off her plate. ''No point telling Jack that, it's all gone to his damn head,'' Forrest sighed. Evie sat the plate down on the table and walked further out on the porch, looking around at the sunny winter day. It seemed like things were settling down, but there was always the thought and threat of Rakes. The men he had hired to kill Forrest were dead and he knew the Bondurant's had found them, but he done nothing yet. It had been four days and his shiny black car hadn't made a single appearance at the station. It wasn't that Evie was complaining about his lack of retaliation, but it made her uneasy waiting for it. Howard looked down at the glass in front of him on the bar, an inch of amber liquid swimming at the bottom. Sleeping was never easy for the oldest Bondurant, especially after returning from the war. Without drinking at least a bottle of liquor, there was no point in him walking up those stairs to even attempt sleep. Maggie usually sat with him for a while as she cleaned up the restaurant, taking her time so she could talk to him a while longer. But tonight he had come in late from working at the station all day and he found himself missing the red haired woman. When he heard footsteps from the stairs, he turned hoping Maggie saw the lights on and decided to join him, but it was Evie who approached with a tired yawn and a hand rubbing the bottom of her back. ''What the hell you doin' awake?'' he asked, surprised to see her this late. ''I need water,'' she groaned. ''You look like you need somethin' stronger than a glass of water,'' he admit, taking a sip of his drink. ''Well Howard, when you have a nine month old baby kicking you all day and making everything you do a two hour task, you'll look just as bad,'' she huffed, filling a glass with water an immediately taking a mouthful. Howard couldn't help his laugh, amused at how irritable she was. Evie and Jack were always easy to annoy with a simple comment, they were so quick to start defending themselves and only became angrier whenever Howard laughed in response. ''Don't make me waste this by throwing it on your face,'' Evie warned. ''What are you doin' down here so late anyway?'' ''I just like the peace a quiet,'' he shrugged, finishing the last of the liquor. Evie leaned forward onto the bar, yawning once again as she stretched her aching back. She could see Howard's glance moving toward the stairs and then back at the empty glass, understanding why he seemed to be slightly down. Howard was never someone who radiated happiness and joy, but when he was quiet like this and on his own late at night, there was usually something on his mind. ''You two dance around each other so blindly,'' she shook her head. ''What you talkin' about?'' he asked, pouring some more liquor into his glass. ''You know what I'm talking about,'' she rolled her eyes. ''All you gotta do is take her somewhere nice, just the two of you. All she does is work, take her out away from the town, do somethin' nice,'' ''Maggie? Oh come on,'' Howard shook his head. ''What? You think she wants something more than that?'' ''She deserves more than that,'' he stated, setting his glass back down. Evie sighed, reaching out to grab his hand. ''Howard, look at me,'' she demanded. ''You think Maggie would laugh as much without you around? Think she'd stay up and make sure you had a warm meal to come home to, sit with you all night and wait for you to come back again that evening for no reason?'' Howard stared back at Evie without saying a word, taking in everything she was saying. But in his eyes Maggie deserved so much more than him, she deserved someone who could get her out of this place. Thinking to himself, Howard was about to put aside his denial and ask Evie what to do when he felt a sting in his palm. Evie was gripping Howard's hand so tight that her nails were beginning to draw blood as her heart began pounding in her chest. The glass of water in her other hand was instantly forgotten, slipping to the floor and shattering immediately. ''Evie?'' Howard asked in a panicked voice, wondering what was happening as she continued to grip his hand. A painful groan escaped Evie's mouth as she bit down on her lip, her whole body beginning to react to a pain she didn't even know existed. It was overwhelming, excruciating and she had never been so terrified in her life. ''Evie you gotta tell me what the hell is goin' on,'' Howard begged. ''Forrest,'' Evie told him in an uneasy, pained breath. ''I need Forrest,''[Chapter 18] Six hours felt like three weeks to Evie. The amount of pain she went through, the level of exhaustion she was feeling, it was like she couldn't remember the last time she wasn't laying in a hospital bed. Evie hated crying in front of people, but today she didn't care about any of that. She had cried for hours, she had begged the nurses to make it stop and for the first time in her life she felt like she really couldn't make it through something. But she would do it all over again. All she had to do was look down at the perfection in her arms and she knew she would do it all over without a second thought. She was now a mother, Forrest was a father, and they had themselves a beautiful baby girl. ''She's so small,'' Evie smiled, gently brushing a finger over the baby's soft cheeks. ''She looks like you,'' Forrest grinned, standing right at Evie's side, a hand cradling his daughter's head. ''How can you tell, she's so tiny, all I know is she's perfect,'' ''She sure is,'' he agreed completely, pressing a kiss to his wife's forehead. Evie looked up at him with a loving gaze, proud that they had made something so perfect together. Forrest couldn't take his eyes off the baby girl, his heart swelling with love for his child. ''Here,'' Evie offered, moving her arms to pass their daughter into his. ''Uh...I-'' ''Just hold her like I am,'' Evie instructed gently. Taking the fragile bundle into his arms, Forrest moved his hands to look exactly as Evie's had, making sure not to harm his daughter in the slightest. She felt so light in his arms, but so heavy at the same time. It was as if he was holding the most precious thing in to the world, which to him, she was. Forrest had no idea what becoming a father would change about him, for months he didn't know what to expect or to prepare for. But it was clear now that nothing would prepare him for this. It had only been a short time since she had been born, but Forrest already knew that he would do anything for his daughter. Nothing and no one was going to hurt her as long as his heart was beating. She would grow up safe and loved, there would be no danger in her life and he was going to make sure of it. ''We need a name for her,'' Evie reminded. ''We never picked one,'' ''What do you think?'' Forrest asked, unable to tear his gaze away. ''I was thinking...Annabelle,'' she suggested. ''Annabelle,'' Forrest repeated, surprised by how much he seemed to like it. ''Where'd you get that?'' ''I heard it around a while ago, I always thought it was a nice name,'' It was. It suited the little girl perfectly. When they looked her, they saw the most innocent and fragile human in their world, they saw hope and happiness. Forrest had done a lot of terrible things in his life, but when he was looking down at the baby in his arms, it was hard to believe that terrible things even existed in a world where she was. When Maggie, Howard and Jack came into the room a few hours later, all of them had a pleasant and calm smile on their face. Nothing about what they had done in the past few days even registered to them, right now it was all about this tiny human who was now part of their family. The moment all of their eyes locked on to little Annabelle, they knew she was going to come first from now on. ''Can I hold her?'' Maggie asked, looking to the baby in awe and excitement. Evie leaned forward to pass her daughter on to Maggie, watching as she continued to sleep peacefully even with all of the attention directed toward her. Maggie's heart swelled with love as she looked down at the baby, a few tears gathering in her eyes. ''What's her name?'' Jack asked in a quiet voice, afraid he'd wake her. ''Annabelle,'' Forrest answered proudly. ''Annabelle Rose Bondurant,'' Evie announced, reaching out to Forrest's hand which rested on her shoulder. ''Hi Annabelle,'' Maggie cooed. ''She's beautiful,'' Turning to the one person who had yet to say a word, Maggie looked up at Howard with a smile and extended her arms for him to take the baby into his own. Although he had been just as taken with Annabelle as the others, Howard was uneasy about holding her. She looked so delicate and breakable, he didn't want to hurt her. ''I don't think I should,'' he shook his head. ''Howard, she's your niece,'' Maggie reminded. ''Here,'' Assisting him with his arms, Maggie showed Howard how to hold the baby just as Evie had shown Forrest. Annabelle squirmed slightly throughout the exchange, but she remained sleeping quietly like an angel in her uncle's arms. Evie knew that this moment right now was one of those that would be cherished forever. Their child was meeting their family, what was left of her parent's family anyway, and they were all falling in love with her just as she did. It was now that she remembered just how much she missed her own parents, wishing they could have been here to meet her daughter, that they could see the life she built with Forrest now. When Evie woke up in the morning, she was used to seeing the other side of the bed empty. Forrest woke up earlier than the sun rose and began his work around the station, but this morning he was missing from bed for another reason. Annabelle's cries had woke both of the new parents, but Forrest was always much faster moving so early in the morning, leaving Evie to sit up with a yawn and look over at the wooden crib in the corner. Watching Forrest reach in to pick up their daughter so carefully and gently made her feel warm and whole, a content and blissful smile on her lips as she observed the sweet moment. ''Look at that,'' Evie sighed when the baby's cries softened. ''Just wanted to be held,'' Forrest moved his arms in the slightest rocking motion to ease his daughter's tears, watching as her eyes fluttered closed and her little noises ceased. It amazed him how such a small act could soothe the baby, the fact that she enjoyed being in his arms made him happier than he could admit. When he looked up at Evie he noticed her eyes were filling with tears, small droplets falling down her cheek silently. At first he began to worry, but Evie saw his concern and shook her head, waving it off. There was a smile on her lips after all, she was just too happy. All of her emotions had been a whirlwind during the past few days and it clearly hadn't gone away yet. Evie wasn't much of a crier, but lately just the slightest thing could make her a tearful wreck. ''I feel different now she's here,'' Evie admit as Forrest softly sat back down on the bed, moving to lean back onto the pillows. Every move he made was thought out and careful, his daughter sleeping peacefully once again in his arms. ''It's like I only wake up for her, you know? Everything I do is so she'll be okay,'' ''I know,'' Forrest nodded, completely understanding what she meant. Evie leaned closer to Forrest and pressed a soft kiss to his bare shoulder. She could see every scar on his chest, right next to their sleeping daughter. Just the sight of the faded scars reminded Evie of the life her baby was now part of. Unpredictable danger, grudges and legends. Everyone in this county knew who the Bondurant's were and what they were capable of, and now Annabelle was one of them. There was no way in the world that Annabelle would ever get hurt as long as Evie and Forrest were alive. They would die before any harm came to their child, but harm was always going to come to the family. Especially with Rakes still around. Evie hated that those thoughts had ruined her morning, but as soon as her gaze went back to her daughter, everyone could be forgotten for that moment. But it was never gone from her mind. ''Shh,'' Evie whispered softly to her daughter, rubbing her back gently. Annabelle had woken early that morning hungry and craving attention from her parents. Forrest, as usual, was the first awake to the cries of the baby. Evie insisted she would take her downstairs to sit near the warm fire that Forrest had stocked up the night before, cuddled into her mothers arms where she would eventually settle after feeding. ''Feel better little one? You were hungry weren't you?'' Evie smiled, running her finger over Annabelle's button nose. ''Daddy will be here soon. I bet he's not even sleeping without us up there,'' From behind the chair where Evie said, Maggie let out a sneeze that just couldn't be stopped. Not only did it startle Evie, but Annabelle's eyes opened suddenly and her little whines began again, this time she was crying to sleep. ''I'm so sorry!'' Maggie apologized quickly. ''It's okay, you're allowed to sneeze Maggie,'' Evie shook her head. ''She's not used to all the noises around here yet,'' ''I'm sorry precious,'' Maggie bent down to press a kiss to the baby's cheek. ''She was just drifting off too,'' ''She'll drift off again soon, she's tired,'' ''I'm gonna make you some tea, okay? I'll bring it over,'' ''Thanks Maggie,'' Just as Evie said, Annabelle only took a few minutes to settle back down to sleep, curling up closer to Evie's body. The baby was wrapped in a warm knitted blanket but Evie still worried it was too cold for her, shifting closer to the fire to warm them both up. A few moments later as Maggie was boiling water for their tea, Forrest appeared downstairs, searching for his wife and child. Evie eyes were closed as her head leaned back in the chair, Annabelle comfortably sleeping in her arms. Forrest was not a man who counted his blessings often, but when he could wake up to sights like this, he really began to be thankful. Another thing that had changed since Annabelle. ''Mornin','' Forrest whispered, a hand on Evie's shoulder. ''Good morning,'' Evie smiled, speaking quietly. ''Let me take her, you go have some breakfast,'' he offered, wanting to hold Annabelle in his arms himself. ''Forrest!'' Both Evie and Forrest looked toward the front porch where Maggie's cry had came from. Panic immediately rose in Evie, holding Annabelle closer and standing up carefully to wrap her arms around the baby. Forrest felt the back of his pants to double check his gun as he walked toward the door that Maggie was holding open, staring at something out on the porch. It was a man, at least that's what they thought. Covered in tar that had been applied at a boiling temperature and then topped off with feathers, the man was barely moving on the wooden porch, a sign attached reading 'bootlegger'. Evie slowly walked closer to the door, holding Annabelle closer with each step. ''Forrest?'' she called out as soft as she could. ''What's wrong?'' In response, Forrest held the door open again and gestured for her to step outside. He couldn't lie to her when it was right there, but he knew it was going to worry her. Rakes had gotten to the men working for him, slowing making his way to the Bondurant's. Evie laid her eyes on the man and immediately felt her heart beating faster out of fear, knowing that this was far from over. Her family was in danger again, not that they had even been out of it. Forrest looked at Evie and saw her concern before she gently rocked the baby in her arms and walked back inside. ''What's goin' on?'' Howard asked, rushing down the stairs, seeing Evie with Annabelle in her arms. ''We gotta do something about Rakes,'' she told him quietly. ''Before one of you are next,''[Chapter 19] Forrest wandered upstairs that afternoon, his heart sinking at the fact that he hadn't seen Evie since that morning when they discovered the body on the porch. All day he and Howard had been working with their allies to try and find whoever had sold out their cousin, who it was that tortured and deformed him that way. The anger that Forrest felt was beyond words. Special Deputy Rakes was a monster, they all knew that by now, but the Bondurants were not afraid. Rakes was getting closer to them, drawing them out, making them desperate, and they weren't going to play his game. Pushing open the bedroom door, Forrest spotted his wife in the corner of the room, swaying in the rocking chair that faced out at the evening sun and the busyness outside, Annabelle sleeping soundly in her arms. Evie's hand gently patted against Annabelle's side soothingly, reassuring the baby that they were in safe hands. But it was more reassuring the Evie that her daughter was protected. When she turned to look at her husband approaching, Forrest could see the redness around her eyes. The worry, the fear. \"He almost killed you once Forrest,\" Evie shook her head, looking back down at Annabelle. \"That was close enough, I don't ever want to feel that again,\" \"You ain't gonna,\" he assured, taking a seat on the edge of their bed to look her in the eyes. \"That piece of shit is not gonna get that chance again,\" Evie felt Annabelle squirm in her arms at the sound of Forrest's voice, immediately cooing to settle her back to sleep. \"I told you he did horrible things,\" she reminded. \"And that...it was so easy for that to have been you. If you were out there, if any of you were out there-\" \"We ain't gonna let him get near us, you hear me? Not near me, not Howard or Jack and especially not you and Annabelle. Over my dead body would he hurt either of you,\" \"That's what I'm afraid of Forrest,\" she admit. \"I can't live without you,\" Forrest's heart ached at her words and he gulped down the lump he felt in his throat. It was one thing for Evie to be frightened of being hurt, but to constantly fear for his safety more than her own was exhausting and he could tell it was taking it's toll. \"I'm gonna be fine,\" he assured. \"Ain't no one takin' me down,\" Annabelle had finally had enough of being rocked to sleep, instead beginning to whine and wail no matter what Evie did to soothe her. She knew what the baby wanted. Ever since she heard her father's voice, she wanted to be in his arms. Forrest accepted the baby from Evie's grasp into his own, cradling his daughter as if she was made of glass. To Forrest, she was. She was just as fragile and pure. The baby made noises in his arms, moving around and stretching her arms to make herself comfortable. Forrest leaned down and pressed the softest of kisses to her forehead, watching as her eyes fluttered closed. Evie's heart swelled at the sight. Right here was everything Forrest ever needed. And it was everything that would always bring him home. It was over two months later when Evie and Forrest laid their eyes on Special Deputy Rakes. They were in the town for a few hours, taking Annabelle to the doctor for a checkup and grabbing some essentials for the farm. \"Forrest,\" Evie whispered, Annabelle in her arms as Forrest carried a crate of groceries. He followed Evie's glaring eyes over to a man standing across the street, his black hair slicked back without a wisp out of place. He was dressed in a fancy suit, smoking a cigarette and staring at the family. Evie could read Forrest's body language perfectly and could tell just how hard he was trying to keep himself from marching over to the man. Forrest was a man of very few words, but his body could speak for itself. The glare that came from his eyes, the defensiveness that came from his stance, the hatred that was so obvious. Each week Rakes was knocking down bootleggers, one by one, slowly and thoroughly. \"I don't want him looking at her,\" Evie spoke softly, holding their daughter closer and wrapping her arms around her little body. \"Don't worry about him,\" Forrest muttered, still staring over at the deputy. Forrest wished he could end that man right now at that moment. His eyes were watching his family in a way that made his blood boil. Rakes was here to end the distribution of illegal substances and the production of alcohol, but he had long since crossed the line that made his goal personal. \"He's walking over,\" Evie warned. \"Forrest, don't-\" Before Rakes could make it across the road, Forrest dropped the crate he was loading into the car and met him halfway. Rakes had a satisfied grin on his face, but Forrest held a completely blank expression, his body rigid and threatening. Evie stood back over by the car with Annabelle in her arms, her little hat pulled over her head and keeping her face away from the sight of Rakes. Evie's body was shaking with anger just looking at the man. \"Do not take another step,\" Forrest warned gravely. Rakes's lips pulled into a bigger grin, his hands slipping to the ends of his coat to pull tightly and stand tall. \"Mr. Bondurant,\" he greeted. \"I wanted to give my congratulations on the birth of your child,\" In response, Forrest continued to stare at the man with hard, unrelenting eyes. Just facing Forrest's glare was enough to make most men fear him, but Rakes enjoyed the game that he was so sure they were playing. \"I see she's a little girl,\" he continued. \"A beautiful daughter, a beautiful woman. Quite a life you've made for yourself Forrest,\" \"You look their way one more time and I will rip your goddamn throat out,\" Forrest threatened lowly. With one more smile, Rakes chuckled. \"I'll be seeing you Forrest,\" he nodded before turning. Forrest kept his gaze on the Deputy until he was back on the other side of the street, strolling away as if not a thing had happened. Evie walked downstairs with heavy eyes, a yawn escaping her lips as the sun began to set outside. Five months of putting Annabelle down for a nap and it still hadn't become any easier. The baby just wanted to be awake and in her parents' arms all day and night long. They spoiled her though, always happy to hold her as she slept against their chest, but parting with the infant when putting her in the cot was always a struggle. \"If anyone raises their voice or makes a commotion, then they can try and get her back to sleep,\" she warned, taking a seat around the table. Maggie chuckled as she sat down, placing another pitcher of lemonade in the middle of the table for the boys and Evie to drink. Forrest looked over to his wife lovingly, although his face showed no emotion, Evie could tell just how thankful he was for everything she did. Leaning over, Evie laid her head against his shoulder for a moment before pressing a kiss to his cheek. \"Jack still out?\" she asked, noticing his obvious absence. Howard shook his head. \"Out doin' some deal with Cricket,\" he muttered. \"Gonna get himself in a whole heap of shit,\" Evie groaned, rubbing her temples. \"No, none of that,\" she announced. \"No business talk, no trouble talk,\" \"Well that don't leave me with much else Evie,\" Howard scoffed. Maggie smirked. \"I'm sure you'll think of somethin' proper to talk about,\" \"You got a suggestion?\" he asked with a grin. Over the past few months, as much as Rake's threat loomed over them all and they witnessed more and more bootleggers killed and their stills blown up, there were positives. The biggest being Annabelle growing before their eyes, and the other was the blossoming romance between Maggie and Howard. Evie had noticed it long ago, but Forrest refused to talk about it. He liked Maggie and he wanted his brother to be happy, but he wasn't about to go talking about their private lives. Even to his wife. \"Don't you think they'd be great together? They're so happy when they're around each other,\" Evie had admit. \"It's none of our business what they do,\" was always Forrest's response. But now Forrest could see the admiration among the almost-couple in front of him, Evie couldn't help look at him with a knowing glance. \"I'm gonna take a walk in the fresh air,\" Evie suggested, standing and looking toward her husband. \"Mm, 'spose I could use some fresh air too,\" he grunted, moving to stand as well. \"Mind keeping an ear out for Annabelle?\" \"Of course not,\" Maggie smiled. ''Enjoy your walk,\" Evie stepped out onto the porch and breathed in the cool evening air, feeling it blow against her skin, feeling Forrest's arm go around her waist. It had been so long since they had a moment together alone. Weaving her arm into his, Evie walked alongside her husband off the porch and into the grassy paddocks of the farm. \"You doin' this just to leave them two alone back there?\" Forrest asked. \"That and I wanted you all to myself for a while,\" she admit. \"Remember when we used to lay out here and look for shooting stars?\" Forrest grinned slightly, nodding. \"Mm, you always thought you seen 'em,\" he recalled. \"Most were moths,\" \"Were not,\" she denied, folding her arms cheekily. Forrest grabbed her hand and led them into the thicker grass, flattening out a patch in the middle and gesturing for them to lay together. Side by side, they felt just like teenagers again. Forrest's arm was spread out, Evie resting her head back against it, as they stared up at the sky. So much had changed since the last time they did this. \"Y'know, when I came back, I told myself not to see you,\" Evie whispered after a few moments of silence. \"Don't go near the Bondurant farm, don't go lookin' for Forrest, don't do that to him,\" Forrest turned slightly to look at her, his eyes watching for any signs of sadness on her face. Talking about leaving always upset her and reminded Forrest of a time he would rather forget. But she didn't look sad, instead she had a small smile on her lips. \"And on my first night back you found me,\" she continued. \"And soon enough I was right back here again,\" Forrest remembered that night as if it were years ago. As soon as Evie came back into his life, those years apart almost vanished. \"This is your home,\" he reminded. \"No where else,\" They remained in silence for a while longer, watching the stars all around the sky, enjoying the cool breeze that swept over them both. From the house they could hear the faint cries of their daughter that were being soothed by either Maggie or Howard. \"I never thought I'd be a mother,\" she admit. \"Never thought I'd be a father,\" Forrest echoed. \"Never thought I'd want that. But I 'spose I just didn't want that with anyone but you,\" Evie grinned and rolled to lay on top of Forrest, pressing a kiss to his chest as she laid her head against him. His arms wound around her and held her close, suddenly forgetting about the stars in the sky. It wasn't until they heard Annabelle's cries once again that they realized how long they had been out here. \"Mm, somethin' tells me we ain't gonna get much sleep tonight,\" Forrest murmured as Evie stood up. \"Well your daughter took on all your stubbornness,\" she quipped. Forrest chuckled. \"That right?\" ","Summary":" Forrest never thought he'd see her again. When she left the County three years ago he was sure she "},{"Movie":"Surf's Up","Title":"Tears of a Maverick: The Preteen Years","Author":"Animation Universe 2005","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5765757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am back, baby! I've done the childhood years of Cody Maverick. And now, you'll read the preteen years of our awesome penguin before he was a surfer. This one is for Cody the Maverick and I hope you like it! Enjoy! Tears of a Maverick: The Preteen Years by: Terrell James Chapter 1: First Time Surfing Young Cody Maverick has come a long way since his childhood in Shiverpool, even though he's still different from everyone else and he's learned how to deal with it, even though it's kinda like everyone has doubts about his future and how he will ever grow, which is impossible for them. Looking back on the past ten years, Cody has endured some hardships; growing up without a father (even though, it's partly his fault and that he died from a horrifying whale), getting picked on and such, it doesn't change the fact that he has something in store for his future; surfing. His memories revert back at seven years of age, that he saw Big Z in person for the first time in Shiverpool and he gave him one of his Big Z necklaces and told him, 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' That was the philosophy that he carried and Cody kept it for a very long time that whenever something goes wrong, he will always carry that saying and let him do what he wants. Even though the saying is still in his noggin, it's not replaced by the original saying, 'Cody's me, let me be me' that his father taught him to say. Even though some people might not accept the fact that he's different, it taught Cody not to care what other people think, even though it's complicated for him. Cody's thoughts were similar after he met Z and thinks, 'Someday, I will just be like him.' Now, Young Cody is eleven years old, growing a little taller and his rockhopper hair is growing a little bit beneath the eybrows. One morning, he sits down near the house somewhere near the water, just thinking that he's up for the chance of surfing the waves. It took him a year and a half to learn how to surf, but he's up for testing out his skills. He grabbed his icy board, looks at the water and waits for that one wave to come forth. He got up, walked near the waters, sits down, puts the board through his lap and waited. And he waited for several minutes until he sees a wave pass through. By that point, he gets up, grabs his board and runs through the water, just breaking in the skills he's been practicing. \"Let's see if these practicing pays off.\" Cody said. He swims through the water, floats with his board and then, gets on it. Then, he started paddling his board around and when the wave started to go up, he turns around, continues paddling, and when it came time to stand up, he started breathing heavily, hoping that he gets his shot to make it a right move. He stands up on the board, and feels a little bit of air coming in. As soon as he stood up, he feels the board carrying him through and he's feeling a lot confident about this. He rides through some icebergs and zig-zags through it and goes up in the air with his board and then lands back to the water, almost losing his balance. It's like he's starting to fall off, but he tries to keep his balance steady as he could. He breathed heavily and said, \"Okay, I can do this.\" Soon, he keeps riding the waves and tries to come up with several tricks on his own. He makes some jumps, flips and leaps in the air, but somehow, some of them ends up with losing balances, falling in water several times and falling off the board all at the same time. Then, he tries to make some big air by getting off the board, flying in mid-air, screaming, \"I'm king of the world!!!\" And then, for a minute, he was on top of the world, but then he fell down to the water. He swam across the ocean and made it back up to the top. He was breathing a little bit and he looks around for his board. He turns left and right and asked himself, \"Where's my board?\" There was no sign of the board anywhere. He started panicking a little for two reasons; he's on the water and the board's missing. Pretty soon, he was freaking out and screamed, \"DUDE, WHERE'S MY BOARD?!!\" The scream was echoed a mile away and all of a sudden, in pops his board. He looks at it and chuckled nervously. He chuckled in complete embarassment and said, \"Here it is.\" He got on the board and then, all of a sudden, this wave starts coming in and as quick as he got up, the wave picks the board up and starts surfing the waves for the first time. He feels as if he was on top of the world again, until... BAM! He lands himself back to the water with his board. He holds on to the board, pops out of the top of the water and pants heavily. He's on the edge of the water and said, \"This is not easy. Big Z never had it this hard before.\" All he could think about is how he could ever be like Big Z and that his ability to surf will ever get the chance he needed to get out of Shiverpool and into Pen Gu Island and excel in an actual surfing competition may be a little difficult than he thought. He sighs heavily with half of his fur soaking wet and he holds on to his Big Z necklace, looks at it and thinks about what he said. No matter what, he still has to everything he could to make his dream a reality, even though some people will question his future. It seems as though he will do whatever it takes to get himself out of Shiverpool. \"I will find a way....somehow.\" What'd I tell ya? Told you it was gonna be awesome! Stay tuned for more![Chapter 2] Now that Cody'slearning how to surf, will the others take him seriously? Not even close, because he's still different and the others are giving him a hard time. For example... Chapter 2: Sense of Difference As the days drag on, Cody tried everything he could do to make some sick moves that would get him out of Shiverpool, but it seems as though the harder he tries to make every move count, the more times he falls down on the water or lands his face with ice. His determination often at times slide away from his work or lack therof. One afternoon, Glen walks past the ocean and sees his brother surfs the ocean...again. He sighs heavily, folded his arms and shook my head a little. He's hoping that he'll slip again and laugh at him as he did several times before. \"Come on, Cody. Fall down. I need to laugh my head off.\" Glen said, softly. As Cody stands up, he goes near some icebergs and tries to get past them, but one blocked his way and he tries to stop, but he got smacked in the face in there. Right away, Glen started laughing hysterically to see Cody get hit in the face with an iceberg. Soon, Cody groans and stands up on the iceberg, picks up his board out of the water and then, hears some laughter from the shore. He looks up and in comes his obnoxious, miserable excuse of a big brother laughing at him. His eyebrows grew lower and he can tell that he's starting to get ticked. He shouted, \"Why don't you pick on someone your own size?\" \"You mean, besides you?\" He seethed a little and got back in the water with his board, paddling back to shore and sees Glen standing there with that stupid smirk on his face. He rolls his eyes and said, \"Face it, Cody. Why do you do this to yourself?\" \"So I can be the best that I can be!\" He scoffs and said, \"Yeah, right. In a pig's eye. You should be focusing on hatching an egg and fish piling.\" \"Puh-leeze! My future is surfing. Get used to it.\" \"The only thing you can do better with that is getting hit by the water...as you always do.\" \"So?\" \"So....why waste your time doing it?\" \"It's called 'practice', stupid. I can do anything I can set my mind to.\" \"This Big Z is getting way over your head.\" \"You're wrong! He said to me--in person--never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.\" \"Big Z...is dead.\" That grew Cody more mad than ever. And he said, \"I know he's dead!\" \"He probably died to get away from you.\" \"Take....that...back.\" \"Nope!\" \"That it back!!!\" \"No. Big Z will never surf again!\" \"TAKE IT BACK!!!!!\" he screamed. Then, he got on Cody's face and said, \"Make me.\" He growled at Glen and let out some heavy breathing and suddenly, he screamed and got into Glen. He starts slapping him in the face, punching him, pushing, shoving, kicking and everything he could do to make Glen take back what he said. \"You can't fight me, little brother.\" Then, he kicks Cody and he fell down on the snow and just sat there. He panted and his eyebrows grew lower and said, \"You're wrong! Sure, Big Z is dead, but at least I can be like him!\" \"He'd have to be a little puny shrimp.\" \"He's not a shrimp! He's the best surfer ever! One day, you will take back what you said when I'm the best surfer in the world! You'll see!\" \"Yeah, that'll be the day. Face it, Cody. You will never be like Big Z. What does a runt like you even get the chance to be like Big Z?\" It made Cody made furious than ever to hear those words that Glen said to him ans only said, \"You're wrong! You're always wrong! Just because I'm small doesn't mean I will never be a great surfer! You're just making all this stuff up! It's all just a lie!! A big lie!!\" Glen looked at Cody and sees that he's really ticked and only ended the conversation with a slap in the face. \"OWWW!!\" It felt painful to him and Glen said, \"That's what I think. You....are.....nothing.\" Then, he only walked away, but Cody grew mad and he only pushed him down and with that, he ran away from him. He went back to the igloo, puts the board down and laid down on his bed. He panted furiously and then, those pants quickly turned to choked sobs. He started crying more than the could ever. Tears dropped out from his face and he wiped them quickly. \"How could he be so mean? He's just...he's just wrong....and it's not fair! It just isn't fair!\" He was sad, upset and also hurt; all rolled into one that Glen said something so mean to Cody. He covered his face and resumed crying. It just tore his heart to shreds when he heard Glen say stuff like that. It must mean that being different may be difficult when he grows up. How mean is Glen? Poor Cody! Hope you guys like it! There's more coming up....[Chapter 3] And this is the outcome of being a target of the bully radar for Cody. Chapter 3: Enduring Bullies As the days drags on, Cody has to deal with the most things that bothers him most; bullies. He's had a hard time surrounding himself with some people that never took him seriously because of what he does. One day, he was practicing his surfing moves and tries to master it, but overall, he ends up getting a facefull of icebergs coming his way. Some other young penguins looked at Cody and kept laughing at him and pointing fingers at him for being ridiculous. As Cody tries to ignore it, he just continues on with his surfing. He paddled his board when a wave comes his way. The penguins looked at each other and one penguin asked, \"You think he's gonna fall?\" \"I don't know. Let's find out. I hope he does, though.\" All they could do is just stand there and wait until he slips up. Cody slides down the board and rides the wave. He rises up in the air and tries not to fall off, but he already lost a little bit of balance. One penguin started snickering, trying to hold his laughter. He starts off pretty good and rides smoothly through the waves and then, as he gets some air, he lands on the ground full of snow. Both of the penguins began bursting out laughing at Cody. Cody groans softly and then, covers the snow off of his face. Suddenly, he heard someone laughing at him...again, only to find out that it wasn't Glen this time. It's just two other penguins. He rolled his brown eyes and scoffed at them. \"Hey, Cody. When you say 'hang 10', did they mean really hang 10 or hang 10 facelifts? I'm confused.\" \"What does that supposed to mean?\" asked Cody. \"You really think you can pull this off by getting a facelift of snow?\" \"Hey, I'm practicing. That's something you guys never take seriously.\" \"We take practice seriously. What you're doing...not so serious.\" Cody stands up, paddles his board back to the water and then swims directly back to shore and when he got there, he looks at them straight in the eye and told them, \"You don't know anything about surfing.\" \"I know that it's the most stupid sport ever made.\" \"Take that back!\" \"Make me!\" Cody got definitely furious at them and splashed some water on their faces. They both started cracking up laughing at him and one penguin asked, \"Is that all you got?\" \"You guys are wrong!\" \"No, you're wrong, Maverick. How could a little runt like you possibly pass up to be the next Big Z?\" \"He says I can be the best can be.\" \"He lied to you, Maverick. He never said anything about that stuff. He's making it up to make you believe in him.\" Cody covered his ears to prevent hearing any of it. He closed his eyes and tried desperately to avoid the teasing and taunting. He got really mad and screamed, \"You're both wrong! Big Z said I can do anything! And you're both lying!!!\" Then, one penguin pushed him down on the ground and he spat on him on the face. They started laughing at him and pointing at him. It completely crushed him completely. \"You're pathetic, Maverick. Once pathetic, always pathetic.\" \"You're a nobody! That's all you are and always will be--a complete and total nobody!\" They kicked some snow at him and started laughing and walked off. He wiped some snow off his face and looking at them, he just feels lost and alone in the world. He picked up his ice board off the water and then, he looked at himself in the water. Soon, he wondered is he really a nobody? It's hard for him to tell if he is what he is or not. But what they said is really wrong. And it just hurt his feelings more. Being different from everyone else has taken its toll on Cody and he's not sure if he can ever cope with all this. He sighed heavily, held himself tightly and started shaking. He lowered his head down and let one icy tear fall from his eye and it dropped in the water. He whispered, tearfully, \"Why do they always hate me? Life is just not fair.\" I know it seems short, but this is what I came up with. Stay tuned for more coming your way![Chapter 4] Several types of angst in Cody's mind.... Chapter 4: Thinking Things Over Several hours had passed and Cody is still thinking about how everyone else has been torturing him, because he's different from everyone else. It was nighttime in Shiverpool and the moon starts coming up and he's sitting near the water, just looking at the waves and tries to keep every little taunting voices in his head off of it. It just seems as though being different from everyone was starting to be a big deal for everyone except for Cody. He's cool about being himself, even though some people don't seem to see it that way. He blinked his brown eyes twice, looks at his Big Z necklace and keeps remembering that voice on his head that Big Z told him; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' He sighs heavily and is trying to take his advice and it seems as though his life would be a downhill spiral from there. What would it be like when he grows up? Will anyone take his dream seriously? Would anyone accept him for who he is? Those questions really got to Cody and it seems as though the more he thinks about it, the less he's capable of accepting himself, even at the age of eleven. He goes to the water and only looks at himself again, just to see himself being him. He blinks twice and sighs heavily again and thinks to himself, 'Am I just being...difficult?' \"Cody?\" He looks up and turns around, only to find that his mom is standing there. She asked, \"What are you doing here?\" \"Just...thinking.\" \"Oh? About what?\" Cody didn't know what to say, and he asked her, \"Is there anything wrong with me?\" \"No. Of course not.\" \"But even if it was--something about me that no one understands--you'd tell me, right?\" Edna didn't know what to say to ease her son's frustrations and sometimes curiousity about everyone else giving him such a hard time about the way he is, regardless of how he is when he was born and then, he looked at him in the eye and said, \"Of course I would.\" Cody sucked his lips and then, looked at his mom and asked, \"You'd still love me if I was different, right?\" \"Of course I would. I would still love you, even if you are the same as everyone else.\" \"You sure?\" \"Positive. It only matters on what you think. I understand some people are giving you a hard time, because of what you do, which is surfing, but you should choose what your passion is, even though everyone else might not seem to accept it but you should go for what you should accompish.\" Cody thought about it for a second and he's thinking about what would it be like if he would be like Big Z and be the best surfer ever. Even if it means, getting through the hardships of his life since childhood. He looks at his mom and ends up giving him a hug. She embraced him and whispered, \"I love you.\" He smiled a little and said, \"I love you too.\" \"Whatever you will do, I know you will make me proud.\" \"You think so?\" \"I'm not quite sure about the surfing thing, but it's something you want to do. I can understand that.\" \"I guess so.\" The only question is: How long will it be until everyone is used to Cody growing up, even if he's different? Hopefully, it will be cool. Stay tuned for more![Chapter 5] This is where adolescence wasn't so kind of Cody as well. Chapter 5: Adolesence Angst A year has passed by and Cody Maverick is falling asleep in his bed. He opens his tired brown eyes and then, gets up off his bed and walks away, sluggish-like. He yawns softly and then walks around, not knowing that half of his fur was shedding away and sees his mom there. He says, sluggishly, \"Morning, mom.\" \"Good morning, Cody.\" She turns around and sees half of his fur molting away from him and then, she asked, \"Cody?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You didn't notice?\" \"Didn't notice what?' \"Your fur.\" \"What about my fur?\" He looks down and sees half of it molting. His eyes widened and sees that they are molting. He asked, \"What's happening to me?' Then, he covered his mouth for a sec and his voice was changing a bit. He uncovered and asked, \"Hello?\" He gasps and covers it again. He exhaled shakily and asked, \"What's happening to me?\" \"I can't believe it.\" \"Believe what?\" \"You're growing into an adolescent.\" \"An ado-what?\" \"Adolescence; you're getting into the pre-teen years.\" \"You mean, I'm--I'm--I'm gonna be a-- \"A teenager.\" \"Is this bad?\" \"No. All penguins turn into that stage. You're no longer eleven now.\" \"Well, how old am I?\" \"Twelve.\" \"I'm 12 years old?\" \"Yes. You're almost growing to be a teenager. Can you believe it?\" \"No. No, I can't.\" \"Everyone has to grow into a teenager sometimes. Look at Glen. He's close to be a teenager and he's still a young kid.\" \"Well, what's gonna happen when I'm a teenager?' \"Everything changes about you; getting taller, your voice changes and everything else; you'll be thinking about fish, girls, other stuff.\" \"Girls?! Ewww! I don't even want to know about it.\" \"You know, someday a girl will come by and she will have even more lower standards than you.\" Glen said. \"Glen!\" Cody groans and said to himself, \"This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me.\" A few minutes later, he walked out of the igloo and walks around Shiverpool and just feels the need to surf. He got his ice-board and then, attempts to take a few waves and gets some practice done. He dives into the water, paddles his board towards the waves and when it rises up, he paddles quickly and then, stands up, starts riding and tries to master some moves of his own. He goes up in the air and comes back to the waves, trying not to lose balance again. He goes past some little icebergs and zigzags through it, goes around the frozen areas to slide it across and tries not to get a facelift again. Then, he sees one waves and he starts going up the wave with his board, paddling on it, then turns around and paddles it some more and when the wave started growing, he stands up on his two feet and starts riding it. He's going up in the air, holds his board tightly and attempts to do an alley-oop and starts spinning around in it. He starts exhaling deeply and whispered to himself, \"I can do this. I can do this.\" And a few seconds later, he tries to end it with an airborne move, but all of a sudden, the board slips and Cody falls down on the water again. He grabs onto his board and pants heavily. Being twelve wasn't gonna be easy for Cody and it seems as though that age will bring in some angst for him. He got back on his board and paddles back to shore. As he got to shore, one of the penguins got in front of him, looking totally stern and said, \"You're late, Maverick.\" \"I know, sir.\" \"Fish pile.\" \"Yes, sir.\" He sighed heavily as he got off the water and asked, \"Can I put my board back at the igloo?\" \"Make it quick.\" He quickly ran back to the igloo and puts the board back near his room and then runs back to him and then, he said, \"Report to the fish pile, pronto.\" Cody didn't say anthing and went on to his pile. He cimbs through the top of the pile as they start throwing fish and he catches it. Most of them he caught and other parts were in his face as they throw it. He groaned silently and said, \"This is my life--catching crappy fish. Would I give anything to get out of this crappy dump.\" \"No complaints! Just catch the stinkin' pile!\" Cody sighed heavily as they continued throwing the fish to him and it just seems as though this age is not gonna be easier and how would he get through so much angst and also some loneliness. Whoever thought that being an adolescent could be so hard for Cody? Stay tuned for the next chapter![Chapter 6] A lonesome penguin gathers his thoughts.... Chapter 6: How to Deal with Being Diffrerent Cody has been feeling as if he doesn't fit in, just because he's different from everyone else in Shiverpool. Most people criticize him because of the way he is and also surfing. A few people have been giving him a hard time and he's been hearing a lot of 'Cody's this, Cody's that, Cody's this' a lot and it really got him down a lot. He's trying to look in the positive side of things, but it doesn't seem to work well, because a lot of people are talking about him behind his back or face-to-face. All he can do is just accept himself for who he is and not what other people think, but that seems like a setback when dealing with bullies and people judging him. One day, he decided to do some surfing to clear his mind off things and he paddled his ice-board to the water, passing some chunks of ice and he just looked at the sky for a little while, waiting for one wave to come through. He sighs heavily and lowers his head a little bit, thinking that if he'll ever be good enough for everyone else to accept him for who he is. He's thinking to himself, 'I don't know they're just being so judgmental towards me in everything I do. I'm only 12 years old. I deserve some sort of compassion for once. The least they could do is support me of my surfing choice.' A few minutes later, a little wave starts coming through the board and he turns his board around and lets the wave float through him. He's feeling some air, even though it's just a little amount of wave. He sighs heavily and keeps his mind focused on himself and his dreams. A few seconds later, he got out of the water and then, he looked at his Big Z necklace and remembers the words Big Z said. It hadn't escaped his head and everytime he looks at the necklace, it makes him feel a little bit stronger and invincible at the same time. He walks back to the igloo and he sees his mom in the kitchen and he turned to her and said, \"Hey, mom.\" \"Hi, Cody.\" He started walking towards his room until his mom told him, \"Dinner will be ready in a few minutes.\" \"Okay.\" \"And please, try to share with your brother.\" \"Come on. You know he always starts it.\" \"It doesn't matter. I just want to get through this dinner without you two killing each other over a tuna casserole.\" Cody sighs heavily and said, \"I'll try.\" He walks back to his room, puts his icy-board in front of some icicles, then he starts polishing the board to make sure it's in perfect condition so he'll still be able to surf in it. As he was polishing his board, he saw himself in the board and immediately, it's like something has been bothering him for quite some time. Soon, he started to hear voices coming out of his head. 'You'll never be like Big Z!' 'This dude only told you that just to hide the truth that you will never be like him!' 'You're nothing, Maverick!' 'You're pathetic, Maverick! That's all you are, pathetic with a capital 'puh!' 'You will never be a surfer!' 'The dude is dead! He will never surf again!!!' All those negative voices really brought him down. It's like he couldn't accept the fact that all these people were completely bringing him down. All he wanted to do was surf and be more than just different. He was just himself and there was nothing wrong with that, but it seems as though everyone in Shiverpool wasn't quite accepting the fact that he's not like everyone else. And this one voice in his head almost got him in depression mode. 'Why can't you just be normal like everyone else?' That kind of comment really hurt his feelings as well and at 12 years of age. It's like he lost every ounce of spirit in him and it couldn't be returned. He sighed heavily and let out one icy-tear fall out his eye as he lowered his head down. \"Hey, dweeb! Dinner's ready!\" Glen shouted. \"I'm coming.\" Glen left the room and Cody wiped some of his tears out of his eye and walked out of his room, hoping that Glen doesn't make dinner go worse every few seconds. Let's see the dinner scene between Glen and Cody goes.[Chapter 7] Brothers fighting over tuna casserole...sounds familiar? Let's see if this will impress ya'll. Chapter 7: Dinnertime Cody and Glen got to the table with their mom and she's whipping up some of her casserole. She looked behind and sees them coming in. She then told him, \"It's so great to see you boys at the table.\" \"Well, we're here, aren't we?\" asked Glen. \"Yes you are.\" Cody sits down at the other end of the table, not saying anything and she looks at Cody and asked, \"Is something bothering you?\" He turned to her and replied, \"No, nothing's bothering me.\" \"You sure?\" \"Of course.\" \"Well, okay then.\" \"So, where's dinner?\" asked Glen. \"Wait for it, doofus.\" \"Cody!\" \"Sorry.\" \"I'm bringing in the dinner for you guys and it's coming in a few minutes.\" She starts bringing in the food she digested out of her stomach and then, spat out in front of the table and in comes her casserole. She excused herself, leaving Cody and Glen alone with their casserole. Soon, they looked at each other and Glen said, \"Don't even think about it.\" \"About what?\" asked Cody. Cody tries to get the casserole, but Glen pushed him aside and scarfed it down, then Cody snatched it out of his mouth and into his own mouth. Glen snarled and then lunges at his throat and it spat out of his mouth and into the floor. They looked at it and looked at each other on who's gonna get it first, but Cody came in before Glen, but Glen already grabbed his foot and he fell down on the floor, getting the casserole first, but Cody climbed on his back and attempted to snatch the casserole out of his mouth and into his own mouth. Glen grabbed him by the legs to stop him and threw him down the floor. Glen held the fish and laughed at him. Cody grew more furious and snatched it from him and plans to put it in his mouth until Glen tripped him over. \"What's going on here?\" Edna asked. Cody and Glen looked at each other and looked at their mother and said, \"Nothing.\" \"Fighting over the casserole again?\" \"He started it!\" Cody said. \"Did not! You were the one snatching it from my mouth!\" Glen exclaimed. \"Me? You did it first!\" \"As if!\" \"He kept snatching it from me, mom!\" \"Did not! He keeps taking it from me!\" \"Enough!\" Both stopped and Edna sighed and shook her head and told them, \"This is why I didn't want this to happen every night. You two fighting over the fish. You're brothers and you're supposed to share.\" \"Sharing is the least thing I would do with Cody.\" \"What do you mean? You never share anything.\" Edna sighed heavily and covered her eyes and went off to her room. They both looked at each other and Glen said, \"This is all your fault.\" \"My fault? You were the one who shoved my face and kept me from getting the casserole first.\" \"And that makes it my fault?\" \"Yes, it does.\" Glen scoffed and said, \"All in all, it's still your fault.\" He walks away from Cody to check on his mother, leaving Cody a little ticked and somewhat disgusted to know that he was blamed for this, when in actuality, it was Glen's fault. He just couldn't stand being blamed by his big brother and their sibling rivalry has grown more huger than ever. He scoffed and whispered, \"Forget him. Why is he still here anyway?\" Quintessential sibling rivaly, right? Hope it's cool. Stay tuned for more of this1[Chapter 8] A little bit of second thoughts for Cody here.... Chapter 8: Doubtful A few days has passed by and Cody's starting to feel a little down and he decided he needed to surf. He picked up his board, got to the island and into the water, paddled his board on the water and just floated there; waiting on the wave to come forward. While he was waiting, he started thinking about thinking that he would show the people in Shiverpool wrong and that he was gonna succeed in being a surfer just like Big Z. But he also had a few second thoughts. He sighed heavily and asked himself, \"Am I really gonna show everyone in Shiverpool wrong? Am I even good enough to even try? It's like no matter what I do, it's just not good enough for them.\" He held on to his ice-board and just looked up at the sky, when he heard these familiar words that got stuck on his head since he was young. 'Just remember, if anyone says; 'Cody's this, Cody's that, Cody's this', just say to yourself, 'Cody's me, so let me be me!' Those were the words that his father told him before he died that day. It seems as though those words are starting to disintegrate a little bit. He's also starting to doubt himself that if he was ever any good enough to be a surfer at all. With all these thoughts in his mind, he's starting to have just a little bit of low self-esteem coming through. \"If only it would be this easier.\" Then, he looked at his Big Z necklace and realized that it would become such an impact that if he kept going. Regardless of what other people think, he's just gonna try everything he could do to keep himself going. Admist all the naysayers, he's gonna prove them wrong one way or another. A few seconds later, he sees the first wave come up and he starts paddling his board and waits for that wave to float around. He stands up and just rides the wave in a gentle breeze. He sighs and looks at everyone in Shiverpool, just minding their own business and thinks to himself, 'I don't care what anybody says. I'm gonna be like Big Z, no matter what.' He was able to put all naysayers and doubters to shame as soon as he gets older, but he's hoping that they might take his dream seriously and not put him down or be judgmental about it, because those are the kind of things that will put him down in the long run. On the other hand, he's almost unsure that no matter what he thinks of himself, when it comes to being different from everyone else, he's starting to think that no matter what he does, will ever be good enough for him and that's the thing that he's having a hard time thinking about, because everyone seems to doubt that because Cody is different, his dreams about becoming a surfer might not be happening. 'Am I really proving myself or other people that I can be as good as everyone else is?' he thought to himself. It just got him a little moody and somewhat unsure of himself that the chances of being a surfer is one in a million. Cody's thinking that maybe being like Big Z would make it kinda uneasy for everyone in Shiverpool and also because of the way he is. As he was in the water with his board, he looked at himself in the water and all he could see was a reflection of himself-- a young penguin that wants to be a surfer, but most people view him as not like everyone else. He sighed heavily and blinked twice, and thought to himself, 'Wow. I really am different from everyone else.' The thought of it seem to realize that he is different from everyone else and they're not used to him not as normal as he strives to be. He can't help himself not like everyone else cause that's just the way he is and it bothers everyone else a little bit, but not him. One way or another, he is different. Minutes later, he came out of the water, picked up his board and went back to the igloo, just to give some alone time and have his little space. How will his doubts affect him? Stay tuned![Chapter 9] We pick up where the last chapter left off and another one of Cody's dreams is the answer call. Chapter 9: Never Give Up As he went back to his room, he sat down on his bed and laid down for a bit. Then, the only think he can look at is the ceiling, just sort of gathering his thoughts together and just thinking. He sighed heavily for a minute and closed his eyes for a little while. While he was lying there, he started dreaming. Cody's dream He was surfing the waves in Shiverpool, just doing whatever he's doing, hoping to catch a few moves and also to practice a little more. He got past a few icebergs and chunks of ice through the river, when all of a sudden, out of nowhere, someone smacks him out of the board and lands into the water. He was drowning for a quick second and pops back up in the water, catching some air. Then, he turns around and sees his humoungus wave crashing towards him. It swept him really hard and he was trying whatever he could to swim back to shore. He started swimming back up, but the waves was continued to pummel through him. He tries to keep his head above water, but the waves wanted to keep it under. There wasn't a single amount of help coming through. It was just him in the water with no one around. He turns around and starts to look a little scared that he's the only one there alone. He started breathing heavily and heard some voices come out of his head. 'You're nothing....' He turns around, pants heavily and asked, \"Who's there?\" 'You will never be a surfer....' \"You better come out here! I-I mean it!\" 'You're pathetic, Maverick!' \"What do you want from me?\" 'You're a loser, Maverick! That's all you ever will be.....' Cody panted heavily and turns around, but there's nothing in front of, behind, on top of or even underneath him. Just him and the water. It just scares the crap out of him and those voices were surrounding him and multiple voices started exploding out of his head. He covered his head and closed his eyes, hoping that it could go away, but it grew louder and louder and louder and louder. He just couldn't take it anymore. Then, he screamed as loud as he could, hoping to stop the voices. The scream echoed all throughout the sea and everything fell silent. He looks around and there's no voices. He sees his icy-board pop out from under the sea and attempts the paddle back to shore. As he was paddling, he heard a splash out of nowhere. He turns around and the waves to the water started to come up and he started paddling faster and faster and faster and then, underneath the water comes a strange object swimming around him. He stops paddling and looks around, and before he could even see it, a shadow figure lurks behind him and he slowly turns around and sees a huge whale coming in. Then, he pops out of the water and open his mouth. Cody was screaming loudly until.... Back to reality.... He opened his eyes, gasped silently and looked around and he's still in his room. He panted heavily and knew that it was all a dream or a nightmare. He sighed heavily and said to himself, \"It was just a dream.\" He didn't know that he'd been sleeping for a long time. Must be because he might be tired. He looked at his Big Z necklace and noticed that he cannot turn away from what Z said to him. He got up from his bed, looks around and sees pictures of Big Z surrounding his room. There were pictures of himself, holding some trophies and also playing his ukelele on the sunset. Cody couldn't accept the fact that he died and that it was all a blur. A few icy-tears fell down from his eyes and he wiped them, because someone might see them. He walked back to his bed and starts crying for a few minutes. He knew that he couldn't let this be nothing part affect him for the rest of his life. Even when he's only 12, he can accomplish anything. He stops crying for a few minutes, sits on his bed and thought for a second that he cannot live the rest of his life, worrying what other people think. Surfing is his ultimate passion and he's wanted to be like Big Z and let the rest of the world admire his persistence. He sighs and told himself, \"I cannot give up on myself. No matter what people say, I will never give up. I'll find a way, because that's what winners do. I will do whatever I can to be a great surfer like Big Z.\" All of the doubts are started to fade away very quickly and he's able to do whatever it takes to get out of Shiverpool and into Pen Gu Island, one way or another. If it's the last thing he does, he will continue to surf whether the entire colony of Shiverpool likes it or not, albeit that he's different from everyone else and Cody will let him be himself. Is this sad or what? He'll be able to do what he's passionate about, even though he has some doubters in Shiverpool. Keep your head up high, Cody! Stay tuned for more![Chapter 10] There's nothing more boring than piling fish all day. Chapter 10: Cody's Struggles One day, Cody was at work in the fish pile, as always, catching the fish and putting them in a pile. It's like the most boring job he considered doing, probably thinking there's more to life than just piling fish all day and putting them in a pile. He sighs heavily as he continued catching the fish and some of them, most of the fish were thrown, but got missed and aimed at Cody's face. The smell of fish in the face was the most hated part about the job. He groaned and said, \"I hate this job.\" He grunts heavily as he climbed back to the top fo the pile where he caught some more fish. He caught them as fast as he could, but some workers were a little agitated at Cody's timing. \"Come on, Maverick! Pick up the pace already!\" He rolled his eyes and said, \"I'm picking the pace as fast as I can.\" \"Not good enough! I need more quickness.\" \"Whatever you say.\" Cody is starting to grow aggravated by being judged by his work ethic. He grew a little ticked and muttered to himself, \"Telling me I'm too slow. This dude is getting on my nerves, man.\" He was able to shake it off and just continue piling fish and get it over with so he could go home with a few fish and then, surf the waves. That's something he likes to do instead of spending the rest of his life sorting the fish. He couldn't imagine anything more boring that sorting fish and putting them in a pile all day long. After a few hours, Cody started to look a little tired and somewhat bored after work. When it came time to get home, Cody was breathing a huge sigh of relief as he got off the pile of fish, using one of the fish as a surfboard to him and slid down the pile, looking excited to come back home. He brought in five pieces of fish back home from work and he was able to walk home relieved. As he got home, his mom saw him with pieces of fish and said, \"I see you bought some fish home.\" He grunted a little and said, \"Yep. It should last for quite a while.\" \"Thanks, Cody. Leave them in the kitchen.\" He dropped the fishes in the kitchen and Edna sorted them out. She asked him, \"How was work?\" \"Fine. Just a little boring.\" \"It's not that boring.\" \"Whoever said piling fish could be fun?\" \"Most penguins say that when they're young.\" \"True.\" She looked at Cody and saw his eyes being a little droopy. She told him, \"You look a little tired.\" \"I know. I'm like, 12 years old and I need some energy to boost me up.\" \"Don't you think you should get a nap before dinner?\" \"No, I don't like doing that when dinner's coming. I need to surf. That will always get my adrenaline pumping and then, I'll have a whole lot of energy to boost me up.\" \"Just be careful of those waves.\" Cody chuckled softly as he walked out of the kitchen and then, he went to his room and got his ice-board. Before he can take it out, he polished his board to make sure it's in decent shape to use while he was surfing the waves. Then, he looked at himself on the board and his Big Z necklace at the same time. He still has that voice that Big Z told him and it still stuck with him. He exhaled sharply and said, \"Let's surf. I need an energy boost.\" Stay tuned for the next chapter![Chapter 11] A grueling day at work can call for an energy boost and that would be surfing, of course. Chapter 11: Energy Boost Cody walked out of the igloo along with his board and went down the island to catch some waves. He jumped in the water, then, paddled his board towards the ocean, past some chunks of ice and just stayed there, waiting until the wave comes by. Then, one wave came his way and he paddled his board and he turned around, stood up and just rode the wave. He almost lost a little bit of balance, but was able to keep it together overall. He breathed heavily and tried to keep himself steady throughout. A few minutes later, a few penguins were watching Cody surf the wave. Most of them kinda doubt that his future as a surfer will ever be a reality. \"That kid won't stop surfing, can't he?\" \"Like I said, he's different from all of us. This young whippersnapper is completely determined to surf the waves. How could he possibly live up to be like Big Z?\" \"I think he's working harder. Even though, he slips a couple of times.\" Cody continued surfing the waves, trying to master it to get his energy levels back on track. Literally, after five minutes, he feels his energy rate going up for a little while and he's got every ounce of energy he needed to keep himself going. Sometimes, he feels as if most people in Shiverpool will doubt that his destiny of being a surfer besides being different from anyone will ever have a chance. He was able to prove them wrong and that he can surf the waves, even though he's not normal like everyone else. He still keeps that voice inside his head and it tells him to keep moving and keep doing what he's passionate about which is surfing the waves. Even though he's been living without a father figure for 12 years, what will he like when he grows up? It seems as if some will believe that he won't make it in life, but Cody is determined to put those naysayers to shame. He will do whatever it takes to surf the waves and be just like Big Z. 10 minutes in and he's getting all the energy he needs after doing some zigzags, flips, turns and other tricks he's been mastering with his ice-board. He went out of the water, his energy rising up again. He breathed a heavy sigh of relief and felt good about himself. He grabbed his ice-board, chuckled softly and then went back to the igloo to have some dinner. It feels as though he's starting to be energetic after surfing the waves and it became a great exercise for him and also a way to be like Big Z every given moment. I know it's short and I apologize. There's more angst coming your way![Chapter 12] Told you it was gonna filled with angst! Chapter 12: Tormenting Voices As Cody walked towards the islands of Shiverpool to do his fish-piling, he went to his pile, where the fish always thrown it to him and the penguins started throwing all the fishes to him. But he was unaware that some people were whispering something about him behind his back. \"This kid is definitely a disgrace to our colony.\" Cody focused on piling all the fish in his pile and often times, most of the penguins were kinda irritated of him surfing all the time, so one threw the fishes harder and it landed on his face--on purpose. It smacked him in the face and fell down near the snow. He groaned softly and all he could see was the cloudy sky and rubbed his head as he sat up. He looked up and climbed back to the fish pile and when he did that, some penguins threw another fish at Cody, but he missed. He looked down and asked, \"What was that all about?\" \"What was what?\" \"Someone threw some fish at me.\" \"Oh, really? Did someone throw it like this?\" Then, he threw the fish and it smacked Cody's face...again. He groaned and fell down again, which made the other penguins burst out laughing. He got up and answered, \"Yeah, like that.\" \"Well, that's what you deserve.\" Cody looked confused at this and asked, \"What are you guys talking about?\" \"We get tired of you surfing all the time and ever since you had that necklace, it's like it's all that you could ever do.\" \"What's wrong with that?\" \"We definitely think you're a disgrace in Shiverpool.\" \"A disgrace?\" \"Yes. Because you were born different and not as normal, we should we take you seriously?\" \"That's just the way I am.\" \"Who the heck do you think you are supposed to be?\" \"I'm just being myself.\" \"That is not good enough. You shouldn't even be a surfer here in Shiverpool or outside of here.\" Cody didn't want to stand here and listen to this. His eyebrows grew lower and said, \"I'm going back to work.\" He climbed up in his pile, away from the conversation and he shouted, \"You are a nobody, Maverick! Always have been, always will be! You will not succeed in life!\" Most of the penguins continued to say spiteful things about Cody, but he was attempted to drown it out by piling some more fish. Although, he was starting to feel a little hurt about being called a nobody by his co-workers. After work, he was able to get back home, but what he wasn't ready for was some penguins staring at him, frowning down on him, shouting and jeering at him and also throwing snow at him. \"This kid is not a normal scout!\" \"He should be taken away from here!\" \"You're a nobody, Maverick!\" \"You're nothing!\" \"Cody Maverick is a disgrace to Shiverpool!\" \"He shouldn't belong here!\" \"His father must be crazy to raise that unnormal, surf-riding, Big Z wannabe FREAK!!!!\" That was the straw that broke his back. Being called a freak by someone really started to tear him up. He looks around and sees everyone penguin taunting and tormenting him, almost as if the entire colony of Shiverpool is against him because of the way he is. He panted heavily and started running from the colony and made it to his igloo. All he could hear was silence and no ounce of torment in the living room. He started breathing and exhaling sharply and he walked towards his room. As he got there, he could still hear those voices from his head and wanted to get away for a little while. Tears were falling fown his face and he left his room to the other side of the island to give himself some alone time. He was in this one area where there's no one else around but himself, away from the tormenters where it's near the water, where he surfs by all the time and sits down on this frozen area and start crying. Why would anyone call him a freak? Is Cody Maverick really like that? That was brutal calling Cody a freak. How would this affect his life? Stay tuned for more![Chapter 13] We pick up from where we left off at. Chapter 13: I'm Not a Freak, I'm Just Me After several minutes, Cody hid himself in an area near Shiverpool in a dark icy hideaway to let some of his tears flow after that vicious debacle of being called a freak. \"Why would anyone call me that?\" he asked, tearfully. He looks at the entire colony and sees that most of them were showing their true feelings about Cody and how they hid it for so long. He never realizes that this is what they really felt about him being different from everyone else and it was painful to him. He blinked twice and hides away from everyone else. It was hurtful to him to hear those words, one of which is being called a 'freak' to his face for the first time. He couldn't do anything wrong. He's just being himself, which everyone in Shiverpool is definitely not used to. He sighed heavily and sniffled two times as some of his tears were coming out of his eyes. He took a look in the river and sees his reflection again. All he could see is himself. He felt deeply scarred inside that somebody called him a freak. It just tore his heart to pieces that he's been getting backlashed from people who refered to him as a nobody. 'You're pathetic, Maverick!' Was he really somebody to prove the others wrong and that he can be what he's meant to be? 'You don't even belong here?' Or was he a penguin just trying to fit in with the rest of the Shiverpool colony? 'You are NOTHING!!!!!!!' All those thoughts that he had was burning inside of his head. He closed his eyes for a sec and then, slams his flippers to the water really hard. He closed his eyes and started crying softly and his eyebrows grew lower and then he opened his eyes and he's starting to feel very angry as he splashed the water furiously and screamed, \"I AM NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!\" The scream definitely echoed through the island like it can be heard from a mile away. He suddenly broke down into tears again and curled himself up in a little ball and resumed crying. All of a sudden, a flipper was placed in his shoulder and he looked behind and sees his mom there. She wiped the tears from his face and gently soothed him. Then, she looked at him and said, \"You are not nothing.\" Cody sighs and said, \"You could hear me, huh?\" \"Yep. I just heard you scream and I noticed you're hiding yourself away from everyone.\" \"Mom, am I a freak?\" \"No! Of course you're not a freak.\" \"You're just saying that to make me feel better.\" \"Just because you're not normal, it doesn't make you a freak.\" \"How do you know?\" \"Forget what they said. You know you can do anything you set your mind to. You just have to believe in yourself. They don't know about you at all. That's just the way you are and just accept yourself for who you are. You don't have to be perfect like them. You're just wonderful the way you are.\" Both of them looked at the water together and Cody asked, \"If I'm not a freak, then who am I?\" \"You're Cody Maverick. I know for a fact that he doesn't care what other people think of him. All he can do is let him be himself. You can't please anybody. You can only think of what you think.\" He looked at his mom and realized that she's right. It didn't matter who would think of him whether he's different or not. He's just himself. At that point, he said to her, \"It seems as though you're the only one who understands me.\" \"I'm a mom. That's my job.\" She gives him a hug and whispered, \"I love you, Cody.\" \"I love you too, mom.\" He lets out one last icy-tear fall down his face and it landed on the water. She looked at him and said, \"Let's go home.\" \"Okay.\" he whispered. Both of them swam back home to their igloo and Cody definitely feels as if no matter what anyone says about him, he will let him be himself. Even though he's not a freak, he can still feel good about himself as well. As soon as they got back to shore, both of them walked back to the igloo, but Cody stopped for a few minutes and looked at the moon in the sky. Cody smiled to himself and said, \"I am special. And I always will be special.\" After a few minutes, he walked back to the igloo, feeling good about himself. And he is special in more ways than one. The question is: Will anyone still get used to him, even though he's different as he grows up? Who knows? One way or another, he's still himself. Then, Cody whispered, \"I'm not a freak. I'm just....me.\" Is that sweet or what? Stay tuned for more of this awesome story![Chapter 14] We now turn the age to 13. Chapter 14: Another Day Older One year later.... June 7th, 2002 It's early in the morning and young Cody Maverick is sitting in the snow, watching the waves go by. Looking forward to make some serious waves and surf some gnarly waves. Pretty much a typical day to get his dream to transform into reality. It must be a perfect day to do so, because it is a special day for him. He looks at himself in the water and he sees himself maturing a little bit. It could only mean one thing.... Cody Maverick is 13. He sighs heavily and gets on ice-board, still wears his Big Z necklace on neck and goes off in the river and surfs the waves like there's no tomorrow. He starts paddling the river, just waiting for the waves to come by. A few seconds later, a wave comes through and he starts paddling his board and turns himself around, hoping to catch some big air. As soon as the wave gets bigger, he starts paddling and then, he stands up on his two feet and starts surfing. He could definitely feel the wind blowing through his face and tries to keep a balance towards himself. He leaps his board towards the air and lands on the water, trying not to fall down. He zigzags into some chunks of ice, going around them and he keeps getting into some big air and slides across some ice. He was determined to get out of Shiverpool and into Pen Gu Island, hoping that he can get noticed for his surfing skills, even though he slips at times. He breathes heavily and feels the wind through his rockhopper eyebrows and through his fur. It seems as though he's gonna do everything he can to be like Big Z and he's not stopping at any given moment. He still keeps that quote that Big Z gave him when he was seven; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' He's more than determined that he'll do whatever he can to keep surfing and make his passion a huge reality as soon as possible. Then, he sees one wave coming and he paddles his board and goes up in the wave and he turns around, paddles a little bit and then, stands up and takes the ride in the wave. He makes a huge airborne move and is soaring his board high in the sky and lands back on the water and continued surfing. After that, he looks back and sees the wave as his 'perfect wave.' He chuckled softly and said, \"That is a sick move.\" Then, he paddled back to shore and within a period of time, his practice is the best way to start off his 13th birthday. Then, he went back to his room, puts his board down, and starts polishing it, to make sure that it's in perfect condition. He sighs heavily and said, \"What a great way to start off my birthday.\" Then, out of the blue, he couldn't believe he heard himself. His voice was growing a little lower and grew a little taller. It's like something was changing Cody. He looked at himself with his ice-board and wonders what's hapenning to him. Then, he asked himself, \"Am I growing older?\" It's like he doesn't know that he's growing older and that he's turning into a teenager. He sighed heavily and realizes that he's growing a lot older, regardless of how he is. Hard to believe that it's been 13 years of his life already and he's turning into a teenager. Cody couldn't believe that he's turning into a teenager and doesn't know how it happens. \"I'm...almost a teenager. Me, a teenager? Okay, this is way past weird.\" I bet being 13 for Cody is a little weird. Stick around for more![Chapter 15] Pick up from where we left off about changes in Cody. Chapter 15: Understanding Teenhood Cody was in shock, knowing that he's close to being a teenager pretty soon. His big surprise is that his voice changes and he looked kinda different than what he was as a kid. He sighs heavily and whispered, \"Where's my childhood?\" He went out of his room and saw his mom, sitting there and he looked absolutely worried and completely anxious about turning 13. He slowly walked towards her and asked, \"Mom?\" She looked at Cody and said, \"Hello. So, how does it feel to be 13?\" Cody chuckled nervously and said, \"That's kinda what I wanted to talk to you about. Is there something changing me?' \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, my voice has changed, my face looks kinda different, my fur is molting...again and I'm a little taller.\" Edna didn't know what to make of it that he grew taller, but she told him, \"You're growing older, which means you're a teenager.\" \"I know. What does being a teenager feel like?\" \"It feels somewhat different. You're growing older and it means that most times, you're turning from a kid into a young adult. But you're in the early teens, which means you're an adolescent.\" \"An adolescent?\" \"You're still a kid, but you're a pre-teen as well.\" \"What do teenagers do?\" \"Most times, they prepare themselves for every challenge in life; such as thinking about going for their dreams and also dreaming about girls.\" \"Girls? I don't know about it.\" \"It happens every time. I'm pretty sure you'll find a girl soon.\" \"What girl would want me?\" \"For one, you're likeable, amazing, fun to be around and maybe they feel the same way you always feel.\" \"Like...\" \"Feeling lonely.\" Cody didn't want to say anything, because he's a loner as well and he's not sure about meeting other people because he's not normal like everyone else. It was a long pause and he looked at his mom and asked, \"Is being a teenager a good thing?\" \"It's a very good thing. You should just embrace it, because there's a lot of things that teenagers do all the time.\" \"Like what?\" \"Have some fun.\" \"Wow. Must be nice.\" \"It does.\" Cody thought that being a teenager at first could be scary, but realizes that it wouldn't be so scary at all. He looks at his mom and said, \"I guess you're right. I guess being 13 may not be that bad.\" \"You just have to embrace being that age. It means you're growing into a young man.\" Cody chuckles and said, \"Thanks, mom.\" \"Don't mention it. Also, happy birthday.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Hey, pipsqueak! Glad to see you don't have your periods yet.\" Glen snerred. \"Very funny, Glen. Nothing you say can bring me down because I'm 13 now.\" Then, Glen pinched Cody's cheeks and said, \"Look at my little brother. Turning 13 and yet he still looks like a baby pipsqueak!\" He lets go of his cheek and Cody said, \"You think you're so funny.\" \"Get used to it.\" \"I'm going to surf.\" \"Don't let the water hit you!\" \"Oh, shut up!\" Nothing like sibling rivalry on his 13th birthday. Must be nice! Stay tuned for more![Chapter 16] What's on Cody's mind? Let's find out... Chapter 16: Thoughts in Mind Nearly two weeks has passed since he turned 13 and Cody is sitting near the ocean, just thinking. He takes a gander at the ocean and sees the ripples through the reflection of the sky. It seems as if time has sped up in his life that he dealt with being different from everyone else and surfing the waves in Shiverpool kinda almost in a sense helped him to escape all the naysayers in his life and those that judge him because he's different from some of them. He couldn't do anything wrong. He's just being himself because that's just the way he is. The one downside about it is how the entire colony sees him as a 'freak'. That comment really hurt him deeply when he was 12. It was like a huge slap in the face for him that the colony really felt about Cody. He couldn't get his head wrapped around that someone called him a freak in person. It's like a huge wound that cuts him open and it won't be healed. Even though it happened last year, it's like it happened so quickly. Half of those voices were still echoing through his head and it's like it couldn't escape. 'He's a disgrace to the entire colony!' 'You're a nobody, Maverick!' 'You're nothing!' 'He shouldn't belong here!' 'You will not succeed in life!' 'His father must've been crazy to raise that unnormal, surf-riding, Big Z wannabe FREAK!!! You know what, he probably died to get away from you.' Those scathing words that the entire colony said to Cody really tore him up. It made him feel totally hurt and often times, just misunderstood. He sighed heavily and scooped up some snow from his hand, rolled it to a ball and just threw it on the water. \"I'm still not a freak. I don't know what's wrong with me. I know I'm....different from everyone else, but it's not a bad thing. That's just the way I am.\" Cody said. Seconds later, he looked at himself in the river and sees his reflection again. It's like there's so many questions on his mind and on his head, like; 'Why am I so different? Why does everyone give me a hard time? Is it a bad thing? How come I'm not....normal like everyone else?' It's kinda frustrating for Cody, because he doesn't know how to answer those questions. It was really painful to hear those words. Then, he looked at his Big Z necklace and remembered what Big Z told him. He whispered to himself, \"Never give up. Find a way cause that's what winners do.\" And then, he looked up at the sky and remembers another quote; \"Cody's me, just let me be me.\" He was willing to do whatever it takes to prove the naysayers wrong and let him be himself. If that means do whatever he can to get out of Shiverpool and surf his heart out, so be it. He looked at himself again and said, \"I don't care what everyone else thinks of me. I'm gonna be a surfer and I will be like Big Z, whether they like it or not. I may be different, but at least I can do great things in my life. I'm gonna be just like him someday.\" This is most angsty! Love it! Stay tuned for more![Chapter 17] And this is where the judgmental feelings of Cody's surfing begins.... Chapter 17: Judgmental As the months went on, Cody kept surfing every day and tries to be more like Big Z, albeit being different from every rockhopper penguin in Shiverpool, which is kind of a big deal to them and just normal to him. There was a slight change though; his mom is starting to be a little judgmental about his future as a surfer. It's like one minute, she's okay with it and then the next, she's not so sure about what he does all the time. It's like he doesn't understand who much this was meant for him and it's like a make him or break him type of thing, when it comes to what he wants to be in his future. Cody was walking past the ocean, just looking at the beautiful ocean of Shiverpool and imagines that it's Pen Gu Island for a quick second. He could see it now--the trees, the sunshine, sand, surf--just everything that he could ever want. Whereas in Shiverpool, there's snow, ice, ice chunks and water--even though he can surf through the area. In reality, it seems as though Cody wants to get out of Shiverpool more than anything in the world. Surfing is his only option to get himself out of there and surf some huge waves in Pen Gu. Nothing makes him more stronger than what he's already been through in his life. He brought in his ice-board and decided to surf the waves for a few minutes. He paddles through the ocean and also to wait for that one wave to come in. He sighs patiently as he awaits the perfect wave to come forward. While waiting, he's looking at his Big Z necklace and just thinking about Big Z a lot and hopes to feel his presence inside of him. It's like everytime he surfs, he feels Big Z's spirit surrounding him. It just gave him an amount of energy to give him the push that he needs to get through his dream. A few seconds later, he saw the wave coming in and he's on the move. He swims up to the wave, paddles back as it's coming in and he stands up, just catching every glimpse of it. He tried to keep standing and most times, he goes through some ice chunks in front of him and tries to get past them and everytime he tries some tricks, he ends up falling out of the board or loses half of his balance. It's like the wave wasn't staying still for Cody's ice-board and he tries very hard not to lose his focus. Then, he tries to surf this big wave coming through and he tries to make a loop-de-loop around it, but as he did, he falls down to the water with his board. He swims underwater to get back to the surface and pops out of the water with his board, and then, the wave crashes into him and brings him back to shore along with his board. At that point, Cody was soaking wet and his fur was totally soaked. He shook it off and picked up his board and exhaled sharply. He looked at the water for a quick second and thought to himself, 'Maybe tomorrow I'll have better luck.' With that, he walked back to his room and also, shook all of the wetness out of his fur. He sighs in relief and put his board down and gave it a little spick-and-span. He wants to make sure that it's in perfect condition so he'll use it next time he sees a wave coming in. A few minutes later, he went in the living room and sees his mom in the kitchen, with the fish as usual. He said, \"Hey, mom.\" \"Hey, sweetie. Just saw you surfing today.\" Cody sighs heavily and knew where this is going. He said, \"Don't let the giant waves hit you. I know, I know.\" \"I can see that the wave hit you hard.\" \"Well, it kinda did, but it wasn't that bad.\" \"You know, I'm starting to believe that maybe this surfing thing isn't what I consider as a choice for your future.\" \"What do you mean? You always say that every time. You said I could be anything I wanted to be.\" \"Yes, I know. But I'm not so sure anymore that this is the way to get out of Shiverpool.\" \"But....it's my dream, mom.\" \"This is what you really wanted?\" \"More than anything. Plus, I'll probably get out of Shiverpool when I'm older.\" \"Like how old?\" \"I don't know, maybe 18 or 17.\" \"17? That's kinda too young.\" \"But this could be my only chance. Someone might recognize me for my talent. Well, maybe not now, but they should.\" \"Do they really?\" \"It's always been my dream to surf and leave Shiverpool for this.\" \"I'm not sure about you leaving Shiverpool for your dreams.\" \"It's my only chance to prove everyone in Shiverpool wrong and that I can surf, no matter how different I am.\" \"Do they really want to put you in just because you're different?' \"No, because this is my dream.\" Edna sighed heavily and told him, \"I'm gonna need some time to think this over.\" She went into her room, leaving Cody feeling kind of like she never understood his passion of surfing and how talented how he is. Even though she sees a talent in him, it seems as though surfing wasn't really how she expected it to be. He knows that he is talented in surfing is his only true passion and it's gonna take everything he needs to surf the waves and hopefully, get out of Shiverpool when he gets a little older. He sighed heavily and walked back to his room, just giving him his space to sort of think that his dream matters only to him, not what everyone else thinks or say. Only what he thinks of himself, often he wonders, will it ever be realized. How will this affect his future? The next chapter will be dramatic with a capital 'D'![Chapter 18] After the judgemental scene, he asks the simple question, 'What if...' This will be dramatic! Chapter 18: What If.... Cody lays on his bed, just thinking about everything his mom said to him and how she got to be so judgmental about his surfing. It's like she's apprehensive about him leaving Shiverpool when he gets older and actually goes to Pen Gu Island to be like Big Z. Still, he wonders that if he will ever prove the colony in Shiverpool wrong that different people are good at something, even if it means surfing. It's like his own adrenaline rush for his dream and it's the only thing he grabs onto to make this a dream come true for him. However, the naysayers really got him to his head and wonders what if they're right about what they said. Cody sighs heavily and asked himself, \"What if...they tear down my dream as a surfer?\" That was a heavy question that remains on his mind. Soon, he starts dreaming about what will happen if they actually do that. Cody's dream Cody's surfing around the waves of Shiverpool and it's like every other day when he surfs, even though he's different from everyone else. As he was surfing the waves, someone out of nowhere comes to him and says, \"Cody's a loser!' He turns around and sees a penguin next to him and he shuddered heavily and looks again and there's no one there. He thought to himself, 'Maybe this is a bad dram and it'll go away.' Then, someone threw some fish at his face and he heard someone laugh uncontrollably at him and said to his face, \"Cody will never be a surfer! He's a freakin' nobody!\" All of a sudden, the ice-board swipes Cody out of there and falls into the water. He tries to keep his head above water, but the waves were slamming him down and slams him back into shore. He moans softly and spits water out of his beak and starts coughing. He pants heavily and looks around and sees Shiverpool, chunks of ice broken down to pieces and looking messed. He walks around and asked himself, \"What happened here?\" Someone threw a snowball at him and he looks around and it's his mom standing there. He gasped in shock and realized that it's his own mother throwing a snowball at his son. He said, \"Why did you do that?\" \"Cause you don't belong here.\" she said, in a monotone voice. \"What are you talking about? I do!\" \"You don't belong here.\" Then, she walks in zombie-like form and gets Cody, as well as the other residents in Shiverpool turns into zombies repeating, 'You don't belong here.' Cody was surrounded by all the zombies and they got close to him and there was nowhere else to turn. He shuddered in fear and screamed, \"LEAVE ME ALONE!\" \"You don't belong here. You don't belong here. You don't belong here.....\" The voices got into Cody and all hands were surrounding him and he screamed, \"HELP!!!!!\" Back to reality.... He gasps heavily as he got up and looks around and he's in his bedroom. He panted furiously and whispered to himself, \"This is just a bad dream.\" He sighs in relief that he's back to reality, but still he often wonders that everything they said to him at that dream is true or not; that he doesn't belong here. It's like everytime he surfs, it's as if everyone sees him as a stranger in Shiverpool, like no one noticed him at all. That really got him down and it got to the point that he is an outcast. He gets up, walks to his ice-board and sees himself in the board. It's like to him, he's just himself, but to everyone else, he's a stranger in the colony. But one way or another, one thing is for sure-- He is an outcast. He sighed heavily and asked, \"Is this who I am for the rest of my life? It feels as if...I don't fit in here anymore.\" How sad. Hopefully, he'll keep his chin up sooner or later! Find out next![Chapter 19] This is definitely the most angsty chapter ever! Hope you like it! Chapter 19: All I Can Be It seems as though for the first time, Cody's dream of being a surfer became to be an uncertain one because he's different from everyone else and all he wanted to do is prove people wrong to know that even though he's not normal from everyone in the colony of Shiverpool, it doesn't mean that he shouldn't stop himself from going after his dream. There were many things in his mind that he was curious about, like is he really gonna show the colony that even though he's different, it doesn't make someone a person? Or is it that some people will go afetr their dreams, regardless of who they are? Those seem like uneasy questions for Cody and it seems as though he's thinking this very hard. Cody was pacing around his room, just thinking of himself and seeing that for the first time, his mother began to be a little judgmental of his future. He starts hearing his mother's voices in his head, which are kinda hard too hear, because this is his dream, in which she almost supported him throughout his childhood and now it seems as if she's having second thoughts about his future, simply because he's leaving behind Shiverpool for it. 'I'm starting to believe that maybe this surfing thing isn't what I consider as a choice for your future.' 'I'm not so sure anymore that this is the way to get out of Shiverpool.' 'I'm not sure about you leaving Shiverpool for your dreams.' 'Do they really want to put you in just because you're different?' He just couldn't believe that his own mother is doubting her son's dream of being a surfer. It's like she was being a little against it, regardless of what he does. He sighed nervously and asked himself, \"Am I really capable of following my own dreams? I hope that whatever I do, I will do whatever it takes to represent the other penguins outside of Antarctica that are different from others, but still follow the same dream as I am.\" It seems as though he can do no wrong and all it takes for him is to just follow his heart and go from there. He looked at his icy-board and realize that there are some risks that he's willing to take in order to get himself out of Shiverpool and into being a pro surfer, even if it means people doubting him and looking down on him just because he's different from everyone else in Shiverpool, but he's just himself and that's how he is. He picks it up and said, \"I will be like Big Z, no matter what people think of me, because I can be all I can be. Cody's me, man. Let me be me for once.\" Being judged because you're different is no fair! There is no shame of being different from other people. The last chapter can tell you about it![Chapter 20] This is the last chapter of this fic. I'm leaving this in a good note. Chapter 20: Believe in Me A few minutes later, Cody picked up his icy-board and walked towards the island and starts to go out surfing. He got on the water, paddled his board in the river and it seems as if those naysayers of his dream might be taking his toll on him. Regardless of what he says or does, everyone doesn't believe that his surfing dreams would turn into reality. As Cody is waiting for the wave to commence, he said to himself, \"I don't care what everyone says. I will be me. I will be like Big Z, even though I'm different from them. I mean, so what if I'm different from everyone else? Big deal. I can do anything I can set my mind to and if it means I surf until someone understands me, then that's how it will go.\" After a few seconds, one wave starts to come up and it's a small one. He starts paddling his board and turns around to catch some movements from it, then as the board comes towards him, he stands up and rides on it. It was a little wave that pushes the board and he's hoping that Cody will maintain his balance while on the board himself. All he could see is his igloo; no penguins out there. Just him, his board and the ocean, all by himself. For Cody, it seems like a peaceful night for him to be by himself and just get away from everything just to surf some sick waves. Then, another wave comes towards him and he starts to ride on the wave as he paddles his board, stands up, and lets himself go. He tries to master some moves, like going airborne without losing his balance, which he tries to anyway. Within a few seconds, he finally stood still and rides the wave like it's no tomorrow. It's as if he's starting to connect the waves a little more. That in itself is how he predicted he would do in Pen Gu Island, even though he's only 13. He sighs softly and whispered, \"I got it.\" Then, he paddled his board back to shore and gets off the water with a sigh of relief. He sits on the snow near the ocean, just catching some air after some surfing. He looked at his Big Z necklace and still remembers the saying that Big Z told him; 'Never give up. Find a way, cause that's what winners do.' He still keeps it locked in his head and looks up at the full moon in the sky as he feels the wind blowing and said, \"I hope I can be like you when I get older.\" Minutes later, he looked at himself in the river as his reflection. It seems as though there were two sides of Cody; One was determined to prove the naysayers of Shiverpool wrong and that he can be the best he can be and strive to be the best surfer like Big Z and leave behind the place that's stopping him because he's different And the other side is a person that is just trying to be like someone else, but is afraid to know that if someone judges him because he's different. His personalities made him feel as if he really is different and strives to be himself, no matter what. With confusion in his heart, it seems as though he needs to let it out the best way possible; by singing. He looks around and sees no one there and decides to let it out--just once. Look at me you may think you see Who I really am but you'll never know me Every day it's as if I play a part Now I see if I wear a mask I can fool the world but I cannot fool my heart Who is that dude I see staring straight back at me? When will my reflection show who I am inside? I am now in a world where I Have to hide my heart and what I believe in But somehow I will show the world What's inside my heart and be loved for who I am Who is that dude I see staring straight back at me? Why is my reflection someone I don't know? Must I pretend that I'm someone else for all time? When will my reflection show who I am inside? There's a heart that must be free to fly That burns with a need to know the reason why Why must we all conceal what we think and how we feel? Must there be a secret me I'm forced to hide? I won't pretend that I'm someone else for all time When will my reflection show who I am inside? When will my reflection show who I am inside? No matter what will happen as he grows up, he will stop at nothing to get to his dream. No matter what anybody says or does to bring him down, he will be like Big Z. He says to himself, \"I believe in me. I'm going after my dreams and no one's gonna stop me from doing what I'm passionate about. One day, I will be like Big Z and surf the waves just like him.\" The song is \"Reflection\" from Christina Aguilera. I changed the lyrics to dude because it reflects Cody's personality. Well, this wraps up 'Tears of a Maverick: The Preteen Years'. I'm glad that you enjoyed reading it as I have enjoyed writing it. I'm gonna do the teen years from 14-16 and later I can write about his life before the movie and yes, the age is 17. Laterz! ","Summary":" I am back, baby! I've done the childhood years of Cody Maverick. And now, you'll read the preteen y"},{"Movie":"Legend","Title":"Legend Reborn","Author":"drumjedi76","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12405848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jets of steam pulsed out of the mare's flaring nostrils as she galloped hard across the open plain. Her red head and matching mane bobbed in time to her master's advance on their fleeing foe. The Overlord's once shimmering black armor bounced and clanked under a muddled coat of dried blood and slime. Such was the price of victory. The odor of torn sod under hoof clouded his visor and engulfed his helm. His long fur cape rippled in their wake of imminent destruction in the name of Darkness. A clan of unicorns fled from their charge several lengths ahead. Their intermingling cries told the Overlord that he was close. For thirty long years, I have waited. Waited and watched as these detestable creatures lived in peace. Oh, but our time of waiting nears its end, lordship! Your triumphant return is nearly in hand. As your faithful servant, I have collected all of the rarities needed for your rebirth. All, that is, but one. The Indrik, the Crystal of all Creation, lies in wait atop yon hill. A small group of animals burst out of the woods to the Overlord's left flank. Wild horses, wolves, foxes, hawks, and migratory fowl converged on his line toward the top of the knoll. Dripping snarls. Angry calls. The agent of Mother Night paid them no heed, spurring his mount into a blistering sprint. The small band of woodland defenders closed the gap to within a few paces. A hawk dove in for the mare's muscular neck, but was washed out by a pillar of fire from higher above. The bird shrieked and collapsed to the meadow as the column of flame forced the survivors to turn away from the blood red mare. To the Overlord's left, the wyvern swooped down and glided parallel to him like a missile, black scales shimmering under a blazing sun. Soon, master, your reign will come. The sun shall fall for the last time, and I will see them driven before you into the heart of a growing storm. With a pulse of its wings, the dragon disappeared back up into the searing rays of the sun. The Overlord slowed his mare as the animals formed a barrier around a lone deciduous tree on the hilltop. Oak, elm. He didn't know, and he couldn't care. \"Impetuous pixies!\" He dismounted and drew a large sword from its sheath on his back. One by one, the creatures dissolved and transformed. Birds became fairies, foxes - dwarves, and wolves and horses - elves. His bow strung with an arrow, Honeythorn Gump strode to meet their dark invader. \"It means to take the Tree of Life, so defend it with your own!\" The arrow flew true, but landed nothing more than a glancing blow to the visor of Gump's enemy. A pair of dwarves charged the dark one, landing blows to its shins with their war hammers. The poor snow-haired fellow on Gump's left took the black knight's blade through his round gullet and fell over in a lifeless heap. The dwarf on his right took a plated boot to the face and flew back toward the tree. \"Screwball!\" Another incendiary attack from the wyvern cut off the others' advances and forced them to scatter back into the depths of the forest, if they were to live to fight another day. The Overlord hissed as he stepped over the corpse of his victim toward the final prize. To the undiscerning eye, it would seem like nothing more than an ordinary tree, but he was no fool. These heathen fairies love to hide their most prized possessions out in broad daylight right under the noses of bumbling buffoons. Leveling his blade at his hip, the dark warrior plunged it deep into the tree's flesh. Cracking, tearing, smoldering. The trunk melted away from the vile powers of the blade, relinquishing its long-guarded treasure. The Indrik pulsed in a wash of white radiance as his leathery glove closed around it. The Overlord produced a small pouch of black material from under his chest plate and dropped the foul gem inside. Heaving himself back atop his mare, the Overlord secured his prize under his chest plate once more. \"Your days are numbered!\" His mare reared on her haunches and let loose a hellish bray.[Chapter 2] A pair of the Baron's horses whinnied in the distance. Rose de Noir snapped her head around in their direction. Her braided ponytail of black hair swung over a narrow and athletic shoulder. The last thing I need right now . Her father, on most counts, wasn't the overbearing sort. In fact, the Baron de Noir had little to do with his only daughter except for her recent Young Lady's Ball. It had been a custom enacted by Rose's grandfather on her mom, Lili's, side of the family King Godwin. She had crossed the threshold out of childhood – at least as far as her royal family was concerned. When it came to this forest not far from Grandpa Godwin's castle, Rose's dad transformed into someone else. All of the sudden, the good Baron wanted to know everything that she or her mom did anywhere near this place. Rose had secretly followed Lili out here for months and watched as she conversed with herself, nearby animals, Rose couldn't clearly tell. She crept down the embankment under the boughs of a willow and slid out of sight. \"Today, we find out what's inside that little cottage in this wood.\" One lean leg over the other, Rose tip-toed along the babbling creek's bank deeper into the shaded glade. Beams of sunlight forced their way through the dense canopy and illuminated scattered patches of toadstool rings and ferns. A pair of chipmunks scurried across her trail and under leaf as she made her way closer. In a nearby clearing, a lean young boy cleaved firewood beside a lone bungalow with his axe. One after another, his small logs fell in split pieces at his side. Tiny splinters of his tool's aftermath matted to his damp bare chest and flattened abdomen. Rose hunkered down among some blackberry bushes and growth, poking an eye between thorns to get another look. The teen raised his axe high again over his red mop of hair and brought it down on another specimen of elm. The fluidity in his form and the way his physique rippled intrigued her. A light snap started the boy from his chore. \"Who goes?\" Rose glared down at her right boot. Foolish move . When her gaze returned to the boy, she found him in route to her position. \"I know you're there,\" he said, shouldering his axe. \"You might as well show yourself.\" Just stay down. Maybe he didn't – \"Look, little girl, I haven't got all day.\" He set the head of the axe on the ground and leaned on its handle. \"Little girl?\" She popped up out of the patch wearing an indignant expression. \"How dare you? Have you any idea who I am?\" His chuckles told Rose that he didn't know and didn't care. \"I'll have you know,\" she said, tugging on the bottom of her red jacket, \"that I'm the daughter of the House de Noir.\" She dusted the stray leaves from her black leggings and matching boots. \"Oh, ho, ho!\" Rose stumbled out from her hiding place to meet her accuser. \"I am granddaughter to King Godwin, you know.\" The young man hoisted his axe over a shoulder and turned back toward his chore near the cottage. \"Doesn't that mean a thing to you?\" \"Nope.\" He took the split pieces from the ground and set them in his neat stack against the small home. \"What in all of creation are you doing this far out from your conveniences?\" His insubordination left her tongue in knots. Of all the nerve! \"I didn't stutter,\" he said, placing a fresh log onto his splitting stump. \"I – my mother.\" Rose strode in beside the boy as his weapon cleaved another pair. \"She comes here often. Why?\" He shrugged his wide shoulders. \"Not certain why, honestly. She asks to speak to my nana most of the time.\" \"Then, I wish to speak with her as well.\" The boy's axe came down again, sending a wooden missile flying by her freckled cheek. \"Watch yourself, m' lady.\" \"Who are you?\" Rose asked. He set his wood into the growing stack. \"Toby.\" Placing another log up for cutting, he continued. \"I don't think she'll be up for visitors today. Just sits around babbling nonsense on most days.\" As Toby heaved his tool over his head, she marched to the edge of his chopping stump. \"I want to speak with her. Go and see if she's decent.\" He slowed his axe mid-cut, letting it plop into the top of the log. \"You're not leaving are you?\" Rose crossed the slender white sleeves of her tunic over her chest. \"Fine. Wait here.\" Rustling and shuffling of things from inside the cottage. The ragged voice of an old woman scorned Toby and demanded he put his shirt back on at once in the company of a lady. After a few sour utterances, the young man returned wearing a soiled green tunic. \"This way,\" Toby said in a defeated tone. \"She's been expecting you.\" Even at her small stature, Rose had to duck a little to get inside the home's crooked doorframe. Its interior space was warm and inviting. A short narrow table sat at the center of the main room down one step from the flooring on which she stood. The gentle creak of a rocking chair to Rose's left caught her ear. \"Welcome, Lady de Noir,\" came a voice from somewhere among the rolls and wrinkles. \"Please, forgive the clutter. I can't do as much cleaning these days as I used to do.\" With each pace closer, the old woman's face emerged from its hiding spot. Bulbous red nose, sagging jowls, and two shimmering blue eyes hidden behind folds of weathered skin. \"I am Nell,\" the woman said, rocking back in her wooden chair. \"Help yourself to a treat on the table.\" Rose swept past the jars of cookies and settled in across from Nell's undulating mass. \"Toby, your son,\" she stammered. \"He said that you've been expecting me?\" Nell's round head bobbed as she laughed. \"I've known your mother for quite some time. Like a daughter to me, she is.\" Rose leaned against a cabinet full of trinkets. \"That explains why mom comes out here so often.\" \"Aye,\" Nell said, sighing. \"Lili's been vistin' me since she was 'round about your age.\" Her bushy white brows wiggled. \"Always in search of somethin'.\" Rose came around to the front of the cabinet. \"Searching for what?\" She heard Toby grumble and clomp back out into the fresh air. Nell heaved her heavy form up in the chair and hunched forward over an old knit blanket. \"Many things, dear. Life, love, magic.\" Rose's chest deflated as she examined the rows of unusual oddities in Nell's cabinet. \"She says those things died a long time ago.\" The aged woman's blue stare fell to the depths of the forest outside her tiny round window. \"Some have, to be sure.\" Rose blue eyes peered beyond the shimmering bells and medallions on the shelves and into her reflection. \"Why does she come to see you, Nell?\" The light swath of freckles draped across her button nose twitched. \"Love and loss, m' lady.\" She drew her blanket up closer to her sagging cheeks. \"Folks she once knew,\" her head bobbed to accent her point, \"and once believed in.\" \"You're not making much sense,\" Rose said. Nell narrowed her gaze. \"They're still out there – watching us. Waiting for the right time.\" The sound of a horse's neigh out the window snapped the girl out of her defeated daydream. \"Expecting someone, dear?\" Rose felt the blood rush from her face. \"My father.\" She scurried toward the door, knocking over a few wicker baskets along the way. \"I can't stay any longer.\" Nell rocked in her chair and smiled. \"Always watching.\" She hummed the melody to a familiar lullaby. \"Always waiting, m' lady.\"[Chapter 3] Running. Racing. Rose's heart leaped with every sprint between trunks in this enchanted thicket. Cool beads of sweat coated her palms. Her father's horsemen loped along the road not far behind. \"If he catches me out here -\" She didn't have to complete that horrible thought. The memory of verbal lashing she had overheard the last time served as warning enough. The shouting. If he had told her mom once, he'd told her a thousand times to stay clear of that batty old hag. She had nothing to offer but delusional tales and trouble. Her mom had attempted to defend her actions and received another round of his affections for her disobedience. No, should couldn't get caught. She wouldn't. She ducked her nimble frame under a fallen tree and slid down an embankment into a widening valley. The tall ferns and saplings here would give her sufficient cover to make it back to the bridge. From there, she would be in the open on the only road in or out of here father's estate. If I don't beat them to it, I'll be in a real predicament . She shuffled among the underbrush and leaped over the narrow ribbon of silver that flowed down from the rocky face nearest the main road. At the moment, she had the upper hand, but that could change in an instant. The nimble teen followed the flow deeper into the valley and away from the horses. \"Whuh?\" she said, falling back against the hillside. Another presence snaked between leaf and log several feet above her. Rose took cautious motions to roll onto her side for a better look. Bushy red fur and a white tipped tail drifted up the embankment among the ferns. One of her father's horsemen ordered his ride into a trot in her direction. \"Message received,\" she whispered. \"Lead the way.\" Using her right hand to steady her, Rose trailed up the steep climb behind the small fox. The creature would stop every once in a while and glance back at her with its beady little eyes. \"I'm coming.\" Her boot slipped on the exposed root of a pine, sending Rose face down into the soil. \"They're getting closer.\" Her furry friend turned its head in the direction of the impeding canters atop the gravel road. Faint murmurs grew more distinguished. \"I thought I saw something in the underbrush over this way,\" one guard noted. \"Might have been a fox or rabbit.\" His older counterpart sauntered up alongside him on his chestnut steed. \"Or his unruly imp that we once again have the pleasure of chasing all over the countryside.\" She followed her new friend along the hillside's contours and away from her father's henchmen. Ahead between a pair of leaning sycamores, lay the covered stone bridge. \"Why we have to do this is beyond me,\" the younger guard complained. \"She's a young lady for heaven's sake.\" The seasoned horseman rode up beside him. \"It's not as much about her age as it is about her station.\" His keen green eyes surveyed the area ahead. \"We swore to protect them all with our lives.\" \"I suppose,\" the youthful one said, swatting a few stray flies from his tanned face. \"What now, then?\" \"We wait, Thomas.\" \"For what?\" The boy grew impatient. His horse stank. He stank. Not to mention, he had had to go since they doubled back in the forest. Percival sat stoic in his saddle. \"She'll have to cross that bridge eventually. No way around it.\" The fox looked up to the road and back over its shoulder to Rose. After a moment's rest, it trotted off around the bend toward the bridge. \"You heard them, didn't you?\" she whispered as she tiptoed after. \"Whose side are you on anyway?\" The animal ignored her and plodded along the trail until it came to the large creek and the covered bridge. \"A fine mess you've gotten us into.\" Rose crossed her arms and huffed. Several yards back on the road over her head, the horses snorted in contempt. She glared down at the creature as it sat licking a paw. \"Well? Now what?\" Rose strode to the edge of the gargling water and extended an open palm. \"You can't expect me to swim across this.\" The fox padded over behind her and into a narrow crevice in the rock face. When her friend didn't return after several minutes, Rose got on all fours and followed suit. \"I suppose I have little choice left.\" The cold stones pressed against her on both sides, making the passage puzzling at best in the pitch darkness. A few scrapes and bruises later, Rose emerged on the other side of the road, but still on the same side of the creek. The perturbed teen glanced around. \"I don't see what that gained us.\" The fox darted off among some large bushes and disappeared. \"Hang on.\" Rose glanced over her shoulder toward the road. The guards still sat on their rides in silent patience. She turned back to the bushes and crept in between their pungent white blossoms. Much to her surprise, the creek narrowed in this location. The cover of the tall willows and the underbrush made it perfect for concealment. She followed her companion across a fallen log over the narrow ribbon of bubbling water and jumped down onto the tufts of grass on the opposite side. The small animal sat on its haunches and stared at her. \"Yes,\" she said, brushing off her leggings. \"I suppose I owe you an apology.\" It whimpered and bobbed its head. Rose looked up the embankment toward the palace. \"I guess I should be getting back. Thanks again for your help.\" As she slinked over the hill, her friend galloped off back in the direction of the deep wood. Once in the western meadows of the de Noir estate, Rose knew that she was well clear of the main road and her father's pests. She broke off into a sprint toward the back entrance, leaping over brier and wildflowers. One leg over the picket fence followed by the other, and then a light jog to the servant's entrance into the kitchen. \"And when you've finished, could you please bake a pie? You know how he loves them.\" Oh, no. Rose knew that voice, but what was her mom doing back here this time of day? \"Rose!\" Too late. Lili glanced around the grounds to make sure no one else was nearby. \"What on earth are you doing?\" \"Mom, I-\" Lili took a handful of Rose's sleeve and pulled her aside. \"Your father had to send guards out looking for you again, Rose.\" She lowered her defeated gaze to the stone walkway. Her mother swept a silver bang behind her ear. \"I can only protect you for so long.\" \"I know, momma.\" Lili led her only daughter around to the front of the home. \"Where did you wander off to?\" Rose watched as the daylight played on her mother's braids. Her weaves of light brown hair became gold in the blazing sun. \"Out.\" Lili spun on a heel to face her before the palace's grand entrance. \"The forest? Again?\" Rose's eyes fell to the large stone stairs. \"You know how your father gets about you wandering off, let alone into that strange place.\" Rose followed her mother's eyes across the front lawn toward the property's main gate. Three men on horseback galloped along the road into their estate. \"Your father.\" Lili's tone fell flat and cold. Rose watched as the color drained from her mom's face. There would be hell to pay for her insolence, and her mom held the purse.[Chapter 4] Clouds of darkness boiled and churned high above the girth of the Great Tree. A trio of serpents floated on the impending storm winds as another fork of light raked the skies. The Overlord's red mare bolted across the stone bridge spanning the stagnant bog and through its rusty gates. A pair of downtrodden priests were all that stirred in the main plaza of the once proud place. His mare skidded to a halt in the deteriorating plaza. Remnants of once proud onyx pillars lay scattered across obtuse jutting slabs of granite. Amputated statues – their features cracked and blasted by foul goodness – stood in varying states of dysfunction around the square. The Overlord's boots clanged on the mossy stones as he dismounted. The priests scurried to one side as he stormed into a narrow dark corridor. \"He's returned,\" one muttered behind a black sleeve. His partner's eyes widened in the glow of the Overlord's latest prize. \"The Indrik!\" The lone shard of hope cut through the desolation and decay surrounding Mother Night's emissary. He advanced through the rear entrance into the kitchen, kicking empty pots from his path, and strode into the main foyer of his master's throne room. Cracked pillars. Massive fractures spidered along the polished marble floor toward the two main doors. The Overlord released the frustration from his chest and stepped on one of the doors that had been blown off its ancient hinges in the throes of their epic battle. Cobwebs clung to the bone fangs on his visor as he walked into the shadowy space. The Indrik's brilliance illuminated a long table coated in dust and wooden shrapnel. The fireplace on the opposite wall sat barren and dark in its corner of the temple. The Overlord made is way over to a smaller table that rested next to a huge cauldron. He placed his newest treasure on the table beside the others. Having seized a small leather pouch, the Overlord made his way back to the fireplace. With the utterance of a few phrases, he scattered a handful of the dust into the open pit. His conjuration was rewarded with a blast of blue light and matching healthy flames. A faint voice slithered from behind the dancing light. \"I see you have returned.\" The Overlord knelt before the fire. His long fur cape fluttered in the wake of his master's weakened power. \"I have, Mother.\" \"And the crystal?\" His gaze rose to the flames. \"It rests on yon table with the other relics.\" Mother Night's flames intensified, casting wicked shadows across the stone statues flanking her pit. \"Excellent. Summon my priests.\" A small explosion of orange erupted under the suspended cauldron to their left. \"The time has come.\" In moments, Mother Night's emissaries gathered around the large iron cauldron near the center of the throne room. A healthy bright fire boiled the viscous dark fluid within. A pair of high priests muttered ancient phrases over the bursting bubbles and rising steam. The Overlord strode to the pot and dropped a rare root into the foul soup. Its contents glowed a deep red. It's working! The priests' low guttural chants intensified to a roar. The small sea of nightmare creatures swayed and swooned at the arrival of their Lord. Large spheres of the fluid congealed into skeletal shapes. A forearm over here, and a femur over there. The Overlord's gaze snapped to Mother Night's fire pit. The height of her blue fires spoke volumes for the dark warrior. She, too, was pleased to see the rebirth of her prodigal son. A powerful hand slapped the cauldron's edge, spraying the black ooze onto the aged stone floor. Another fell a few paces from the first. The muscular arms of the creature within the pot hoisted a sleek bald head from the depths of the muck. The crowd echoed the magical phrases of their priests as the thick torso of their master rose. One massive hooved foot crunched to the floor – then the other. The Overlord knelt before the bare figure. \"Look on me.\" His master's tone was deep and weakened. The Overlord's visor rose and he gazed into the yellow serpentine stare of Darkness. \"Master?\" Swirling clouds of red and green at Darkness' head materialized into a pair of horns black as pitch. \"See the fruits of your loyalty and labor.\" The Overlord lowered his head in a slow and noble motion. \"I see, Master.\"[Chapter 5] Rose ran after her mother into the shadows of the thicket. \"I shouldn't have told her about the boy.\" Lili, the hem of her dress bunched in both hands, maneuvered around thorn and bush in her own dance with nature. The evening sun cast deepening beams of gold into the lowest boughs of the canopy. Her mother was on a mission. Rose could see it. Nell, Toby – all of it – should have remained behind my lips. To a point, all of it wasn't Rose's fault. After all, her mom did prod and poke her little nose where it didn't belong in the first place. Rose ducked behind a large boulder, narrowly avoiding her mother's watchful eyes. \"If she hadn't been so damned persistent.\" The youth crept to the stone's far edge and glanced around its girth. Lili's braided brown mane bobbed once over the crest in the path before disappearing below and toward the gurgling brook. Rose followed the animal trails farther into the wood until the twinkling of a lantern caught her eye from a distant windowsill. The boy, Toby, nodded at her mother's insistence and extended a wiry arm into the little cottage. Rose ducked under several low-lying limbs undulating in the gentle breeze of the forest and took careful steps toward the flickering flame. Back over her shoulder, the ginger disc of the Sun sank deeper below the rolling hills. Passing cirrus clouds smoldered in delicate hues of violet and rose. The mumbles from within the abode grew into more distinct conversation as she came within a stone's throw of the simple lantern. \"What have you told her Nell?\" Her mother demanded. \"Nothin' that she should've heard already from you, dear,\" Nell's warm voice said. The teen crept along the wall of Nell's home. Cool stones of varying shapes and sizes passed under her fingers along with narrow bands of earth and clay. \"Do you know what she told me, Nell?\" Her mom's voice teetered on the brink of mania. \"Do you know what she said not two nights ago?\" The wind and the whistling willow leaves consumed the stillness. \"She seems to have these delusions of grandeur that there are others in these woods than you and the animals.\" An old chair groaned as it rocked on the home's floor. \"I tells her only what's true, m' lady. You once knew as well as any other in the realm.\" Something slammed onto a table. \"That was another time – long ago, Nell!\" The chair creaked back and forth in a hypnotic dance. \"When he died, my innocence…\" A sniffle. \"A brave lad, he was, love,\" Nell said, \"and if anything, you should honor that sacrifice by keeping their story alive.\" Footsteps shuffled across the cottage's floor. \"I can't.\" \"Can't, or won't?\" Rose lifted her eyes over the lower sill next to the lantern's soft glow. Lili studied the assortment of trinkets in Nell's cupboard. \"Can't.\" The warmth of her brown eyes fell onto those of Toby. Rose had seen that same look only when her mom looked on her. \"It's – it's complicated.\"[Chapter 6] Rose raced through the forest after her mother. The sun had nearly sunk below the distant hills. Something else moved among the underbrush alongside her. Here and there, a white-tipped red tail of fur poked out from behind the ferns and thorns. \"You again?\" The uphill stint labored her breaths. The fox glanced at her for a brief moment and then bolted ahead for Lili. \"Hey! Wait!\" Lili broke free of the forest and ran across the rolling meadow. Rose followed suit in time to see the fox intercept her mom's course and stop Lili cold. The two stood there eyeing one another among the sea of twinkling fireflies for the longest time. Rose moved around to the left side of the pair at a safe distance and ducked behind a cluster of oaks. Her mother muttered something, emphasizing it with a jab of her right hand. Rose's eyes widened. \"What?\" The fox fazed in and out of the dying daylight. A figure no larger than a ten-year-old boy replaced its petite form. He wore little else beyond a fur loincloth and a bow and quiver on his back. \"What are you saying?\" Rose lowered her stomach to the dampening grass and inched closer to the private meeting. The boy gestured toward the starry sky. His pointed ears shook back and forth. \"Whatever it is,\" Rose whispered into the green blades, \"it seems urgent.\" Hand over hand she crept closer to the pair. The moist blades dampened her blouse in several places. \"… have appeared as foreseen!\" the pointy-eared fellow exclaimed. \"Darkness is once again upon us, child.\" Lili gave an indignant huff. \"I have children of my own now. I'm hardly a child any longer, Gump.\" The majestic being bowed low. \"A thousand pardons, m' lady.\" He righted himself and gazed deep into her spirit. \"I meant no harm.\" \"If what you speak is true,\" she said, \"then we need to stop it.\" The one called Gump lowered his brown eyes to the grass. \"That, we do, lass, but who?\" His smiling eyes found Lili's again. \"Oh, no, Gump!\" Rose's mom scurried around to one side. \"I couldn't go through that again. Not after -\" Her voice trembled and broke. Gump set his youthful hands on either of her arms. \"You're all that's left. He means to end all creation.\"[Chapter 7] His master gave him simple instructions: find the human Lili, and destroy all else. The Overlord pushed his mare hard across the trail and deeper into the wood. Somewhere high above, his pet drifted, awaiting the order to dive and destroy. Thunder clashed. Lightening raked the deepening night. The once green and vibrant leaves on the deciduous trees molted and shriveled in the wake of the agent of Darkness. This mortal woman had delivered a great deal of pain and suffering for his master. Feeble and futile emotions of the fleeting heart. Bah! Never again. A faint row of torches came in to view as the Overlord rounded a rise in the trail. The sudden halt caused his horse to whinny and rear up on her hind legs. Distant armor glinted as it passed each flickering torch. \"A storm's brewing!\" one of the men shouted. \"Pass the word to batten down for the night.\" Another of his cohorts nodded and shuffled off the wall. More forks of light pierced the otherwise serene evening. The Overlord laughed. Like taking candy from a child. His helm tilted toward his spell's work above. The hellish worm sailed from one bulky cloud to another. \"Dive, dive!\" He watched as his black wyvern tucked her wings to her sides and plummeted like a missile of darkness toward the unsuspecting town. A brief shimmer of moonlight upon her scales and she vanished behind a low-lying cumulus cloud. One pillar of flame, and then another. The Overlord chuckled at the wails and shouts from the watchmen. The cacophony that ensued played like a warm symphony in his ears. \"Water!\" one man exclaimed. \"We need water, now.\" \"The women and children,\" came another voice from among the clangs and thuds. \"Get them to the sanctuary.\" With a stout tug on the reigns, his mare veered right and stormed off toward the destruction. Bolts of light overhead flickered for brief moments in passing puddles along the road into the village. A new season of death has come. Night will fall and with it your putrid existences as you know them. Women wept, huddling their little ones under their protective wings as he thundered past. Searing heat engulfed several homes on his left while warriors and farmers tried to vanquish the flames. The agent of Darkness felt at home in the chaos and misery. A swipe of his onyx broadsword made short work of a lone guard defending the main road into the de Noir estate. A blast of wind made the Overlord look up from the young man sliding down his bloodied blade. The wyvern had completed her assignment and drifted in great loops awaiting further instruction. He lifted his blade in the direction of the sprawling estate nestled on the knoll ahead. \"There! She cannot escape.\" The Overlord kicked the haunches of his hellish horse and galloped hard across the meadow on a line toward the front doors. The human woman, Lili, burst out of the front doors and crumpled at the sight of her friends and neighbors in ruin. \"No!\" The winds howled over the rolling grass, uprooting a tall elm to the woman's left. The Overlord raised his left hand, and the fallen tree obeyed. She shrieked and ducked inside as the gargantuan tree collided with the stone wall of her estate. His black dragon released a torrent of fire that burned a circle around the rear of the estate. The hooves of his mare made short work of the wooden doors. A shower of splinters exploded inward heralding the coming of a new ruler. \"His majesty would like an audience with you.\" He scanned the main foyer and room beyond. \"There's no escape.\" Furniture tumbled several rooms away to his left. He guided his powerful animal in a slow gait toward the cowering human. A shame, really. For all of their intellect, the human race became blubbering fools under duress. The Overlord made quick work of the small buffet and door into the main dining hall. She stood beside the fireplace, short sword in hand. \"I won't go without a fight.\" The Overlord hopped down off his mare and strode toward her. \"I wouldn't have it any other way.\" Her teeth clenched as Lili brought the light weapon around in a broad arch. The Overlord swatted the weak strike away with a gloved palm and swung his blade. Chunks of brick and stone jumped off the wall and heart, pelting his black armor. Lili ran for into the adjoining room. A fiery tree toppled to the ground outside the tall window as he mounted his mare once more. \"So, this is how I find the last great hope for creation?\" the Overlord said as he entered the sitting room. His words slithered off his foul tongue. \"Cowering in fear and running for the back door?\" The human braced herself against the rear exit to the estate. Survival had overridden her gallantry and forced the feeble sword to the floor. The Overlord saw his opportunity and seized it. His mare charged across the space in a blinding flash. Lili barreled backward out the door and tumbled to the dampening grass. \"Run, child. Run!\" He led his mare out onto the back lawn and watched as his winged nightmare swept down upon the fleeing woman. She may have gotten ten paces at best before the massive claw closed around her and lifted her into the towering thunderheads.[Chapter 8] Lightening-laced clouds blotted out the stars. Fierce winds and stinging dust chased after Rose as she ran toward the growing inferno. \"Mother!\" Lapping fire crept over the topmost parapets of the walls surrounding her little town. Men and women scurried in a panic back and forth inside carrying water in anything they could find. \"Over here!\" she heard one man shout. \"Another with severe burns.\" The surrounding madness strangled her ability to think and rationalize. Crying children, orphaned. Mothers and daughters tossing what belongings they could salvage from their ransacked homes. Men charged headlong into the blazes, their tunics and trousers smoldering. Rose's mind raced; her heart beat out of her chest. What could have caused such widespread destruction? She ran down the main cobblestone road, flew past the smithy in a blur, and skidded to a stop before her worst nightmare. Flames lapped. Clouds of acidic smoke billowed from under every crease in the manor's roof line. Her eyes hurried to collect every possible clue. The front doors had been battered inward, crushed under an incredible amount of force. Everything within was ablaze. \"Mother?\" She ran closer and darted off around the eastern side of her home's remains. No sign of Lili. No real sign of anyone. \"Mother?\" She crept closer to a tall window on the ground floor. \"Father? Are you-?\" An explosion. Dozens of tiny glass shards stung her body. A gloved hand took her by the elbow and tugged her away from the inferno. \"Come, m' lady,\" the man said. \"It's no use.\" Rose turned and discovered one of her father's guards pulling her to safety. The growing orange destruction reflected on his polished helm. \"Where's my mother? What happened?\" Once they had made it a safer distance from the manor, he stopped and turned to face her. \"A dragon.\" Something registered in the man's eyes that shouldn't have been there. Dread. \"A black one. Set everything on fire.\" \"Lili,\" Rose insisted, grabbing him by the shoulders. \"Where's my mom?\" The guard's brown gaze glazed over. \"They took her.\" \"They?\" His head quivered in the affirmative. \"A man in black armor. Red mare. Came in on the storms, they did.\" Beads of cold sweat formed all over her body. A sea of tiny stars clouded her vision. \"Was she still alive?\" His head bobbed once more. \"She was in the clutches of that winged monstrosity.\" \"Which way?\" The guard didn't answer. \"Which way!\" she demanded. His pale face turned toward the forest in the west. Forks of light intensified over the glade's canopy. \"Collect yourself and -\" she slapped the man hard across the cheek. \"Hey!\" His attentive eyes fell to meet hers. \"Collect yourself,\" she repeated, \"and go help the others.\" She raced off in the direction of the forest. \"I've got to go.\" Rose sped back out in the direction of the intensifying storms. She had to get her mother back regardless of whether she had to dismember man or beast. Fierce winds hissed through the thick underbrush as she pushed into the shadowy forest. Bits of dirt and pebbles stung her face and hands. She ducked under low-lying boughs and wove between briar patches down the narrow footpath. Smaller trees bent sideways in the storms growing wrath. Rose leaped over the bubbling brook and sped up her pace in the open flat. A thunderous crack to her left. Rose shrieked and stuttered back as the top half of a mighty oak crashed to the floor, crushing ferns underneath. She hurried around it and continued toward the faint light in Nell's window ahead. Rose only caught the instantaneous burst of light out of the corner of her right eye. A wave of tingles engulfed her as the blast flung her to the earth. When she had righted herself, the girl found another narrow trunk next to her in flames. A bolt of lightning had split the timber in two. \"Nell! Toby!\" As she approached the cottage, its petite door burst ajar. Toby waved her inward as the rain commenced.[Chapter 9] Fierce storm winds whipped around the worn rounded corners of Nell's cottage. Toby leaned into the front door and slammed the locking plank home. \"You nearly got mashed flat out there.\" Rose brushed a few leaves from her hair and shuffled out of the boy's warpath. \"Some of the worst storms I've seen in all my life,\" he muttered as he continued securing his home against the elements. Nell rocked in her chair under a quilt. \"Frightenin' storms. A terrible season is upon us.\" Rose sensed no urgency in the old woman's tone. \"My mom, Nell. Did she come this way?\" Nell shook her jowls in slow and deliberate strokes. Rose glanced to Toby, her face wrenched in confusion. \"Terrible storm, this is,\" Nell said. The girl advanced on Nell. \"My mother, Nell. Lili. Where is she?\" The old woman's eyes fell into the glowing embers of her fire. \"The Great Tree. Horrid place.\" Rose's gray gaze lifted to meet Toby's. The teen shrugged his broad shoulders. \"A temple of dark power.\" Nell shivered and drew her blanket closer. \"Torture, pain, and death rot.\" The young girl strode to Nell's rocking chair and set her hands on the armrests, stopping its gentle sway. \"Where do I find it?\" Nell's vacant stare remained fixed on the stone wall behind Rose. \"The pixies, dear.\" A lone sniff. \"Find the fairies.\" The life came back into her eyes as she turned her attention to Rose. \"Your mum once knew them, too. Seek them out in the wood. They'll know what must be done to make things right.\"[Chapter 10] The sun had disappeared behind the powerful storms. Their relentless winds howled and wailed among the ancient trees in the glade. Rose led the way, weaving between briar bush and fern. Toby pushed a low-lying branch out of his path. \"Where do we find them?\" \"Not sure,\" she said, shouting over the whistling winds. \"I've seen one once.\" Toby's short sword hacked into the underbrush at her back. \"Well, what did that one look like?\" She laid her right hand on the girth of a tall elm and raised her other to halt the boy's advance. Distant rumbles rolled overhead. Her narrow gaze surveyed the shadow's depths. \"What is it?\" Rose hushed him and turned her attention back on a slight movement in the weeds young lady crept forward down the gentle knoll toward the disturbance. \"What do you see?\" Toby whispered. Another waft of her left hand. A bright flash illuminated a patch of red fur as it ducked in and out of the weeds. \"There.\" Rose sped up to a jog in pursuit of the creature across the forest floor. The nimble animal wove among the exposed root systems and scurried along the bank of a brook farther and farther away from civilization. Toby's footfalls came closer together at her back. \"Where are we going?\" \"Don't know.\" Rose's breaths came in labored spurts. \"I have a hunch.\" She chased the fox along the babbling stream through toadstool rings and beyond the oaken glade. At last, the small animal came to rest before a rocky hummock protected by moss and fallen trunks. \"Great,\" Toby said. His chest heaved and sputtered to catch up to his lungs. \"It's led us straight into the jaws of a bear.\" Rose watched the forest denizen with growing curiosity. \"I think it's -\" A bright flash followed by a shower of shimmering lights. Where the fox once sat, now a boy rested on his haunches. Toby stumbled back. \"What in all creation?\" Rose took another cautious step closer. \"You.\" The boy wore little more than a loincloth. He had a bow slung over his right shoulder and a quiver of bolts over his right. He rose and offered a generous bow. \"Honeythorn Gump, at your service.\" \"You spoke to my mother last,\" Rose said. A hue of concern tainted her tone. \"What did she tell you?\" Gump glanced in the direction of another distant rumble. His keen blue gaze tracked it across the boiling heavens. \"She offered little for conversation on that night, child.\" His eyes met hers once more. \"Warnings were given, but they fell on deaf ears.\" \"What warnings?\" Rose studied his youthful face for any deeper meaning. \"The Great Tree?\" Gump's brow peaked. \"Indeed.\" He studied them both as he spoke. \"Darkness has returned to the Realm. These unnatural storms are only the beginning, I fear.\" The girl's face wrenched in confusion. \"Darkness,\" Gump said. \"Know you nothing of this world, child?\" Rose and Toby shared in a bewildered expression. \"He exists only to manipulate and destroy all of creation.\" The forest elf's words stung like barbs. \"The last time his presence was felt here, he nearly toppled the world. This time, though,\" his voice trailed off into another grumble from Mother Nature, \"things are different.\" Toby walked up to the mouth of the cavern and leaned inside. \"You mustn't!\" Gump's wise tone morphed into something akin to childlike. Toby righted his torso. \"Why have you led us here?\" \"What rests in there is for her eyes to see,\" the sprite said, \"and no one else.\" The elf gathered a broken limb from the brush and wrapped a clump of moss over one end. He passed his creation over to Rose. \"What do you expect me to - ?\" With a sharp clap of his hands, the moss sparked to life. \"Take that,\" Gump said. \"Follow the path all the way to its end.\" He extended a youthful hand into the cavern. \"There, you will find what you need.\" The girl's brow furrowed. \"Your mother is in the Great Tree.\" Gump's gray gaze turned into the gaping black hole. \"The tools you need to free her await.\" Rose ducked under a set of protruding roots that served as the archwork for the opening and poked her torch into the void. \"Go, child,\" Gump insisted. \"Time isn't on our side.\" The dancing flames illuminated an ancient network of roots and vines. Once inside, she followed the short and narrow corridor deeper into the hill. Mice and long bugs scurried and burrowed as she crept past over stone and stem. At its end, the path opened up in to a larger chamber. Crystalline calcite coated everything like a mid-autumn frost. The cone of her fire lifted from the twinkling roots to a sarcophagus in the room's heart. The innate lettering engraved in the stone lid's side had long since been filled with dirt and debris, but its words remained intact. Here lies Jack o' the Wood. Hero of the Light and Fairy friend. A dazzling glint drew her gaze to the right corner of the tomb. \"Remarkable.\" Its golden scales shimmered beneath the snapping glow of Rose's torch. She nestled her flame in between two writhing roots and knelt closer to the treasures. The armor tunic felt cold under her hands. At its side lay a matching sword and jewel-encrusted scabbard. Rose took the armor in both hands and lifted it over her head. Once it had slid down her torso, she strung the weapon across her back and made her way back from whence she came. Toby's eyes widened as she emerged from the cave. \"M' lady,\" Gump said, falling to one knee. She crossed her arms and huffed. \"What now?\" Gump stood and strode off into the wood. \"Now, we must confer with the others and hatch a plan – and a good one at that!\"[Chapter 11] Lili paced back and forth behind the magical field that imprisoned her. Not again. This won't happen again . A fire burned in the far corner of the hollow space. A pair of glowing red eyes pierced the black adjacent to the lapping light. \"Welcome home, m' lady.\" Its voice was deep and authoritative. She approached the pulsing field of dark lavender energy. It hissed as Lili reared a fist beyond her right ear. \"Come now.\" Darkness sat upon his shimmering throne of polished black stone. \"Is that any way for a baroness to carry herself?\" His mocking laughter bounced in the emptiness, fracturing the silence. Her stare dissolved into disdain. \"What do you want with me?\" \"I knew you'd eventually come home to me.\" \"By force?\" A lone grunt from the shadows' depths. \"Some need to be reminded of their place.\" \"Release me at once!\" A pair of black horns leaned forward into the fire's brightness. That serpentine glare. A fanged grin that froze Lili to her core. \"I regret to say that is quite impossible.\" The butt of Lili's fist struck the ethereal shell with bruising force. The shockwave radiated throughout her being, blasting her back across the cold floor on her rump. Again, her captor chortled at her expense. \"Past experiences have proven you untrustworthy.\" \"He banished you before, he can -\" \"Your forest prince?\" Darkness laced his fingers before his narrowing stare. \"Has no one told you?\" Lili pounced from the planks and charged the purple shell. \"What have you done to him?\" The Lord of Darkness rested a forearm on either side of his elegant throne. \"I've done nothing.\" He eased back into his seat of power. The lapping light caught only the whites of his eyes and the base of a horn. \"Your soulmate rots in his tomb, and has for some time, m 'lady.\" Warm liquid pain consumed her vision. \"Lies!\" \"Your love is long since dead.\" He turned the digits on his right hand out. \"Your husband – a waste.\" \"You liar.\" \"The Baron?\" Darkness curled his talon in to a fist. \"His heart and soul belonged to me long before you ever met.\" One massive hooved foot hits the floor followed by the other. The Lordship's footfalls echoed off the ancient stones as he strode to his latest trophy. \"Greed,\" he lowered his head closer to the field and peered into her spirit, \"is a dangerous drug, baroness.\" Lili's thin glare pierced his perpendicular pupils. \"If you think for a moment that I'm marrying you -\" Her captor turned and paced back toward his dying fire. His long pitch cape drifted on a phantom breeze. Darkness took one of his many trinkets from the mantle and turned it in the light. \"Perhaps, if you choose not to look on me as a lover,\" he ground the object to dust and cast its sparkling remnants into the flames, \"then you'll love me as family instead.\"[Chapter 12] The rolling hills surrendered to his red mare as the Overlord sped past them. Through his visor, the Marshlands sprawled out in all directions to his south. The foul vapors of decay and rot filled his pulsing nostrils. For every force or power, there must be an equal to keep it in balance. Light and dark. Creation and destruction . He shifted his weight in the saddle and his horse responded, veering toward a row of rocky hills to their right. A delicate tightrope upon a razor's edge . Along the shallow spine of rocks, a black creature ran at full speed. Its muscular human arms propelled it forward as its catlike hind legs gave it speed and finesse. On a few occasions, it had attempted to traverse the hills, but the dragon's flames corralled it back on a collision course with the Overlord. His armor-plated boot found the haunches of his red mare again. She brayed and huffed. The veins and tendons in her muscular neck bulged as she charged the lone gap in these lowlands. If he missed the cutoff, the creature would run free, and the object of his quest would take far longer than his master would allow. The shadowy blur attempted to find another gear, but the burst of acceleration came too late. The creature skidded to a halt several paces in front of the mare, sending up a cloud of loose gravel and dust. The Overlord dismounted and slid his broadsword from its sheath on his back. The monster reared up on its hind legs, bearing its mouth of fangs with a feline hiss. The agent of Darkness studied the werepanther's moves for a weakness. \"Don't make this any more complicated than it needs to be.\" Its thick muscular chest pulsed as the monster hissed in defiance. A soiled ivory claw sat at the end of each of the creature's elongated human fingers. \"Very well,\" the Overlord said. \"Have it your way.\" He swung his weapon over his helm and brought it down on a course for the werepanther's neck. The cat ducked the attack and raked his gauntlet. Its blue eyes echoed the resolve of the monster's actions. \"Not thisss day!\" the creature hissed. It charged the warrior's position in a flash and seized the Overlord by his throat. His muscles and tendons fought against the onslaught, but they were no match for the panther's vice. Daylight blurred as the hands crushed his airway. An incinerating blast scorched the ground at their sides as his dragon circled overhead. Using the surprise to his advantage, the Overlord brought the hilt of his sword down on the skull of the werecat. It whimpered and shuffled away, stunned by the blow. The warrior brought his blade around for its head a second time, and on this turn, it found its mark. The tendons in the werepanther's neck gave like ripping pieces of leather. The monster's head bounded along the short grass and came to rest against a half-buried stone. Its terrestrial body crumpled to its knees and rocked forward. The Overlord marched over and steadied the headless corpse with his left hand. His right plunged deep into the furry chest of the monster and came back with a throbbing heart. The Overlord watched with his power-filled and lustful gaze as the heart slowed. A black crystalline substance formed at the center of the organ and spread across its entirety. He dropped the black diamond into a pouch on his saddle and sheathed his weapon. The Overlord studied the swirling storms as he mounted his trail companion once more. The time has come. The harvest is ripe for the plucking .[Chapter 13] Rose trailed behind Gump as he raced deeper into the heart of the forest. The elf's youthful frame bounded over fallen tree and scurried among the briars and bushes. \"This way!\" he exclaimed over a blast from the heavens. \"Come, come!\" The girl did her best to keep up with the sprite. \"Where are you taking us?\" Howling winds blew up a cloud of dust and earth. The tempest pelted the trio as they followed the thin trail farther and farther away from home. Gump's words came in short bursts over his left shoulder. \"We haven't the time now for small talk.\" He raced down a steep embankment that emptied out into a wide clearing. \"All will be apparent soon enough.\" As she galloped down behind Gump, Rose felt the heel of her left boot skid on something slick and wet. Trunks and ferns passed in tumbling blurs as she barreled the remainder of the way toward the base of the gully. Leaves and briars whipped her bare hands and face to shreds. The snapped end of a log flew past her right eye, missing impalement by mere fractions of an inch. Something cold and hard to her right knee, a thick stick to her spine, and Rose tumbled to a stop at the base of an ancient oak. Toby trotted along sider her and extended a clammy hand into hers. \"Are you hurt?\" Rose followed his strength to her feet and shoved his hand away in disgust. \"You fell,\" he said. \"I only wanted to -\" \"I need no help from you,\" she said, brushing off her leggings. Gump hissed in their direction. \"Quiet you two.\" He shouldered his bow and crept one foot over the other into the huge ring of trees. The elf lifted his hands to his mouth and mimicked the call of a forest finch. One by one, blue lanterns flickered to life on the trunk of each oak. \"This way,\" he said, waving his hand. As the two teens made their way into the ring of trees, a glowing cloud of yellow dots fluttered past and wove a wide circle around the enchanted grove. Rabbit, deer, bear, and swallow all found their way into the grove and congregated near its heart. Rose and Toby shared a glance of astonishment as they both watched the cloud of glowing fireflies materialize into fairies. \"Come closer,\" Gump insisted, curling his upturned hand at the couple. \"Time burns its candle at both ends.\" Rose waded among the fragrant weeds and flowers into the enchanted circle with Toby right behind her. Gump bent over at his waist and muttered something to the forest denizens. Each one popped out of existence in a line and was replaced by an elf. Honeythorn Gump rose and addressed all within earshot. \"Gather close, my friends.\" His gaze lifted to the swirling storms above. \"We have much to discuss, and not much time left to do it.\" One of the short, stout pixie's sparkling blue eyes widened as Rose approached in her golden armor. He removed his hat and bowed deeply. Soon, the others followed suit and fell to one knee. Rose looked to Gump, wearing a guise of confusion. \"You honor us with your presence,\" a warm feminine voice said from over Rose's shoulder. A motherly figure sauntered into the gathering and lowered her head of light blue hair. \"Thank you for joining us, Champion of Light. As Gump has said, we have much to discuss.\" The elf replaced his hat and righted himself. \"What news, Gump?\" \"It's a sad state of affairs, Brown Tom.\" Gump pointed back in the direction from which they had come. \"Emissaries of Darkness have already overrun the far northern reaches of the Realm.\" Brown Tom's head twitched. \"Sad, indeed.\" \"What's more,\" Gump continued, \"is that the Overlord and his winged nightmare have laid ruin to the Baron's palace, and -\" One of the winged fairies scuttled closer. \"Lady Lili?\" Gump's head fell. \"Taken by his dragon.\" The blonde fairy tried to cover her shriek with her slender fingers, but failed. \"Not Lili.\" The blue-haired figure strode to the center of their gathering. Her long dark blue gown drifted among the growth. \"I am Naia, Keeper of Nature.\" Her golden irises gazed past Rose's thoughts and burrowed deep into her spirit. \"Your mother is in grave danger.\" Rose nodded in silence. \"Darkness has been released into our world once more,\" Naia said. Her hypnotizing gaze probed Rose for truths she never knew she possessed. \"I fear that the worst is yet to come.\" \"Aye, Your Grace,\" Gump said. \"The foul ones rampage across our homes, scattering in every direction.\" Brown Tom clapped his worn hands. \"I knew no good would come o' this!\" Naia turned to face her devoted followers. \"They have the Indrik, and won't stop until they control all of this existence.\" The fairy with flaxen hair stepped closer. \"Then, we take it back!\" Rose sensed rage in those eyes. \"It's become more complicated than that,\" Naia said. Gump's face wrenched in confusion. \"In what manner?\" Naia crossed her arms over her bosom. \"I sense an evil coming far more powerful than Darkness.\" Several of the elves and fairies flinched. \"Far more ancient,\" she continued, \"and more destructive.\" Naia's mystical eyes fell on Rose again. \"This force will test you.\" She glanced to Toby. \"Test you both, for that matter.\" Rose's eyes fluttered to the boy, who did the same to her, and then back up to Naia. \"Its power will consume you.\" The wise woman rested a hand on a shoulder of both of them. \"Your destinies rest in the hands of another.\" A blast of lightening and the bray of unicorns startled Rose out of the trance. A clan of the majestic white creatures rode into the sacred ring of oaks and galloped around its perimeter. \"Something's wrong!\" Gump raced to Rose's side. Three of the unicorns slid to a halt before them. \"The enemy must be near,\" Gump said, hopping onto its bare back. \"Come! We ride tonight!\"[Chapter 14] Rose held onto her horse's chestnut mane with a death grip as it thundered across the open lowlands. Gump and the other sprites sped ahead of her atop their snowy unicorns across the rolling plains. Toby pulled alongside her on his painted mare. \"Where are they leading us?\" Rose shook her head. \"I'm not certain.\" The enemy was near, but was Gump leading them toward or away from trouble? \"I think we're inviting danger in from the doorstep,\" Toby said over the gusting winds. Rose followed his gaze up into the sprawling storms in their path. Undulating pillows of flashing dark consumed the horizon with premeditated swiftness. Her boots found the muscular haunches of her horse, spurring onward closer to Gump at the head of the pack. She kept a watchful eye on the fairy through fluttering strands of black. Once Gump had turned his head and made eye contact, Rose seized her opportunity. \"Where are we going?\" The boyish sprite raised a pointed finger toward the foothills under the boiling clouds in the distance. \"He is close. I know it.\" He lowered his finger to a row of deadened and charred trees to the party's right. \"The Overlord has passed through here not too long ago.\" \"But, Gump, I'm not -\" \"We have to cut him off!\" Gump's tone had taken on an authoritative color. \"If he makes it back to the Great Tree with whatever he's taken, it could spell trouble for Lili – for us all.\" Gump leaned his body to the right and steered the group on a course parallel to the charred trees and undergrowth. Thunder rolled as they sped off along a narrow trail on a crash course with destruction. Then, she saw it. Massive and black. Its scaled hide shimmered in the momentary explosions of light above. \"Dragon!\" Toby's face turned upward wearing a mask of sheer dread. Fending off a fox or wolf from the cottage was one thing, but this? \"Be swift, now!\" Gump exclaimed, spurring his own unicorn forward. Rose watched as the dark wyvern swung in narrowing circles over its master below. It was hard to make out at first, but as she grew nearer the dragon's master became clear. Polished armor of darkness. A horned helm hid his face, and the towering warrior sat upon a steadied blood red mare. Gump slowed his ride to a halt a stone's throw away from the Overlord and his pet. \"I've encountered these two once before.\" Brown Tom trotted up next to Gump and pulled back on his reins. \"Aye. A gruesome pair if ever I saw.\" Sap Cap shivered in his saddle. \"I don't like the looks o' this, lads.\" Brown Tom scoffed. \"You don't ever like the look o' anything.\" \"Is it me own fault that evil has to look so horrid?\" Sap Cap said. He brushed a dark red curl behind a youthful ear. \"I think I'll just wait back 'ere an' sound a warnin' if need be.\" The black dragon let loose a fearsome shriek, jolting Sap Cap nearly off of his unicorn. Brown Tom tugged on Sap Cap's tunic as he attempted to back away. \"Ah, no ya don't.\" Rose followed the winged nightmare as it steadied itself on pulses of its wings. \"How are we supposed to match up to the likes of that?\" \"It'll chew us up in the blink of an eye, Gump,\" Toby said. The leader of the sprites conversed with the fluttering light at his shoulder. \"Oona says, and I must agree, that we have no choice.\" He looked Rose in her eyes. \"Your mother's survival may well depend on us.\" The miniscule glowing being sped from Gump's side on a course with their adversaries. Gump's boots found the haunches of his ride, and he darted off after Oona. \"Onward, lads!\" Rose unsheathed her sword from her back and followed the party into the jaws of death. Gump sat upright and readied his bow. In the span of a breath, he let fly three of his bolts in the direction of the dragon. The Overlord's mare reared back on her hind legs and brayed in challenge to her assailants. He raised his curved sword over his helm; its row of small teeth caught the instantaneous flash of lightening. His pet wailed again and dove beneath the incoming missiles. She howled – enraged that such pitiful forest dwellers would dare such a display of insolence. She was ancient, wise, and revered among her kind. A pillar of fire scorched the field a short distance in front of Rose and Toby. She tugged hard on her reins, veering to the left of the incendiary attack. Toby's horse whinnied and bucked him from her back and into the weeds. Gump turned his unicorn toward the opposite flank. \"Circle 'round!\" Brown Tom and Sap Cap trailed him on either side as he rounded the wall of orange and steadied for another shot. Rose brought her ride up beside Toby who was already back to his feet. \"Okay?\" He nodded, rubbing an elbow. \"Fine.\" He swung back onto the mare's back and winced. \"Around this side. Hurry!\" The duo bolted around the snapping wall of flame, and pushed their animals to their limits. From the corner of her eye, Rose saw Gump's arrows pierce the growing darkness and embed themselves in the dragon's hide. The ancient creature shrieked and batted the perturbances to the ground. A swat from the Overlord's large blade brought her back into her own element. Its tip glances her shoulder guard, knocking the young lady sideways on her swung his hachet at the face shield of his opponent's helm. The Overlord parried the blow, and charged forward toward Rose. His sword came down in a shallow arc on a line for her neck. The impact radiated from her small shield up Rose's left forearm. Behind her, the dragon cried in rage once more. One of Gump's arrows protruded from a leaking eye. Brown Tom seized the opportunity and sank his sword deep into the belly of the beast. Frightened and furious, the dark wyrm lowered her head to inspect the lethal wound. Rose spurred her horse at a full gallop, her golden blade readied. As the arch of black scales grew closer, the girl rose to a standing position atop her ride. The stench of charred material and rotten flesh puffed into face. Rose swung her weapon with all of her strength at the dragon's exposed neck. It collided with scale and sank into its sinewy hide. A line of viscous black blood showered down. The huge monster staggered away from its assailants, swiping blindly at the emptiness. It crashed to the earth; the shockwaves knocked Toby and the Overlord apart. The boy guided his mare over to join the rest of the party. The agent of Darkness watched his longtime companion expire on the field of combat. Her shallow breaths drew weaker and then ceased altogether. The red mare reared up, her rider raised his weapon high. The Overlord's enraged cry interwove through space with the thunder and lightening. As he rode off over the undulating turf, a dark funnel of wind and fury made contact with the ground. \"Quick!\" Gump said. His eyes locked onto a rocky outcropping nearby. \"Take cover before it tears us to shreds.\" The spinning vortex chewed a swath of destruction on a line with their hasty retreat. Once at the mouth of the overhang, the fairies dismounted and bid the unicorns farewell. Rose pounced off her horse and slapped it hard in the haunches. She ran into the shelter, watching the animal catch up to its enchanted cousins.[Chapter 15] The walk down the main hall of the Great Tree went with little pomp or circumstance. Loathsome beings wandered and hobbled about their business oblivious to the powerful stone the Overlord possessed. He strode among the grand pillars of the foyer that stood watch over his master's throne room. Glowing veins of red energy pulsed through their intricate webs on the surfaces of the onyx doors. As the Overlord approached, both swung wide on groaning hinges . \" Enter!\" He couldn't tell if Darkness was angry or excited . The clank of his worn boots echoed around the cavernous throne room. A lone fire to his right illuminated the numerous trinkets and trophies they had collected over the eons: crystallized skulls of men who had defied their pacts and statues of lesser gods his master had dealt with . Darkness raised his muscular torso in his throne of bones and dark stones. \"I sense you have tidings of success ?\" The Overlord lowered to one knee. \"Yes, master, but not without a heavy toll .\" The god's left brow peaked. \"Oh ?\" The Overlord raised his head to gaze into the serpentine stare of Darkness. \"The dragon is gone, lordship. Those wretched fairies and the girl .\" His master elevated an open palm. \"Rise, loyal servant, and come closer .\" He did as instructed, drawing the dark crystal out in a gloved hand. It fell into Darkness's outstretched hand, twinkling in the fire's dancing light. \"The Panther's Heart .\" The Overlord nodded. \"We have both Creation and Destruction, master .\" His lordship's cackles reverberated throughout the entirety of the tree. \"Excellent, general.\" He rose from his seat and walked to the snapping fire. \"Gather the others in the Great Hall. Her time has come .\" With that, the Overlord bowed, spun on a boot heel, and left the chamber . A murmur buzzed among the goblins and ghouls who had congregated to witness this momentous occasion. The clan of sorcerers went over the items on the altar. The two crystals had to be contained under separate enchantments, so as to not annihilate one another. On the opposite side of the gaping crack in the ground, Lili paced back and forth in her prison. All bowed as their master made his way to the lip of the chasm . Darkness took the Indrik in his hand and held it toward the heavens. \"With this crystal, I invoke the powers of all Creation!\" His authority forced its way into every crevice of the space. \"Without Light, we know not that what is called Darkness. Create the seed that it might germinate and grow.\" He wrenched the glowing stone in his powerful grip. A steady stream of blue fluid dripped into an awaiting cauldron . The dark lord took the Panther's Heart and lifted it on high. \"With this dark crystal, I invoke all of the powers of Destruction! It is in darkness that we live. It is in the cloak of shadows that all things began. Feed the growing seed that she might be the vessel of your mortal essence .\" Darkness wrenched a flow of pitch ooze into the boiling cauldron. Towering pillars of flame rose from the chasm's depths, incinerating a goblin that had grown too curious. Onlookers watched as the fires congealed into a huge figure. Its glowing eyes lowered to Lili in her cell . Darkness extended his arms in its direction. \"Come forth, Mother Night, and use the female as you wish .\" The fiery essence flew into Lili, knocking her to the floor of her prison. Every muscle in her body clenched. Something dark and venomous wrapped itself around her spirit and squeezed. Soon, little remained of Lili. Another presence had assumed control . She rose from the stone ground in the cell, her eyes like smoldering embers. Darkness laughed and waved a hand at the cell. Its shell of magical energy dissipated, and Lili stepped forward . Darkness knelt and the congregation followed suit. He lifted his gaze to meet hers. \"Welcome home, Mother.\"[Chapter 16] The storms raged beyond their earthen shelter just outside of reach. Gump and Brown Tom scampered back from the mouth of the cave. \"A fine mess, it is,\" Brown Tom said in a deflated tone. Rose crept as close to the cave's lip as the bolts outside would allow. Torrents of precipitation cascaded over the hanging rock's jagged edges. \"We won't get far in that nonsense.\" She made her way deeper into the hole, joining Gump and the others in a small circle. The bug-like fairy at Gump's shoulder drifted down into his cupped hands. He leaned in close and whispered the happenings and their current predicament to Oona. A jolting flash radiated from Gump's grasp, taking Rose's vision in a blast of golden light and sparkle. When her sight adjusted, Rose saw that a new companion had joined their group. The sprite had flaxen hair that fell in gentle curls over one shoulder of her shimmering violet tunic. Rose got lost in her hypnotic blue gaze. The wisdom, power, and unusual innocence that lurked behind them intrigued Rose. Gump smirked. \"There is much about our world that you have yet to discover.\" \"Aye,\" echoed Brown Tom. \"The tales told as fiction are, in fact, fact, and fact – fiction!\" Rose eased back into the cool rock wall behind her. \"That man on the red mare. Who was he?\" Gump glanced to Oona and then back to Rose. \"The Overlord. One of Darkness's many emissaries.\" His childlike gaze found hers. \"The fact that we slayed his dragon and still live is a small miracle.\" Oona took cautious steps around Gump and Sap Cap, and came to rest in front of Rose. She studied the gold armor wearing a look of astonishment. \"You're not Jack. Yet, you wear his armor and wield his weapons.\" Gump stirred deeper into the cave, examining its nooks and crannies with a keen eye. \"Human mortality doesn't work that way, Oona.\" He crouched down around a large outcropping. \"Jack is gone never to return. This is Lili's daughter, Rose.\" The curious sprite crept down closer and got nose-to-nose with Rose. The scent of pollen and a fresh breeze drifted into the young lady's nostrils. \"Champion of Light, indeed.\" Oona sidestepped over to Toby and peered into his eyes. \"And you, orphan of many sorrows.\" Her button nose lingered on one cheek, and then moved to the other. \"You have his fire, his eyes.\" She placed a hand upon his heart. \"There is a wild heart beating within.\" Gump hopped up on a boulder and crouched down. \"For many long eons, this duel has endured. One side fending off the other in their eternal struggle for dominance.\" Rose turned on her haunches to face him. \"In fact,\" Gump said, \"it wasn't long ago that we battled him last.\" Sap Cap clutched his worn hat and shuttered. \"Aye,\" Brown Tom grumbled. \"Don't be remindin' me, Gump, ole boy.\" He scratched the red curls at the nape of his plump neck. \"Nearly didn't make it home to the missus.\" Gump plopped down on the boulder's edge. \"Sorry to disappoint, Tom, but our new companions need to know.\" His legs swung as he spoke. \"Darkness had returned to the realm. A band of his misfits came forth and severed the holicorn from one of the unicorns that day.\" Brown Tom bobbed his head. \"A stallion, what's more.\" \"Indeed,\" Gump said. \"The goblins took the horn back to their master, hurling our world into perpetual winter.\" \"What did he want with the unicorns?\" Toby's inquisitive tone amused Gump. \"They hold the power of Light and peace,\" Gump said. \"Darkness has an,\" he spun his hand in the dank space, \"aversion to sunlight, let's call it.\" Tom snorted. \"More like it bloody disintegrates 'im!\" \"Aye!\" Sap Cap added. Gump grinned. \"So, it does. At any rate, Darkness had planned to sacrifice the mare to his master, Mother Night.\" Rose perked up. \"That's where this Jack and my mother fit in?\" Gump nodded. \"Your mother tricked Darkness and set the mare free.\" His eyes drifted to Toby. \"Jack fought Darkness and sent him plummeting into the oblivion of space and time.\" Sap Cap's wide eyes surveyed the company in slow motion. \"That sounds absolutely horrid.\" Oona hissed at the younger sprite and wafted his words from her existence. \"That it was,\" Gump continued, \"but at last, we had banished Darkness from our world and restored the balance that his minions had upset.\" Rose's brows furrowed. \"And, what of my mother?\" \"Ah!\" Gump hopped down from his rock, startling Sap Cap and Toby back a step. \"Now, that's an interesting tale.\" His animal skin boots paced back and forth before the humans. \"Lili and Jack were in love. They had made a promise to one another a short time after the conflict. The realm enjoyed a period of peace and prosperity. There was much love between the couple.\" \"Oh, aye,\" Brown Tom said. \"I'd never seen the like.\" He held up a stubby finger. \"Well, apart from me and me wife, o' course.\" Gump laughed. \"Well said.\" His eyes drifted back over to Toby. \"In time, that love produced a child. For a time, they lived as a content family.\" His tone lowered. \"Then, something untoward happened.\" His head shook back and forth. \"I still can't quite put my finger on it to this day, but something changed.\" \"Darkness,\" Oona whispered. Gump shook an open hand. \"No, no. Not that, exactly.\" Rose eased up onto her knees. \"Then, what?\" \"Something grew cold in Lili.\" \"Are you saying that Jack was my father?\" The confusion created a whirlwind of emotions around Rose. Gump motioned to the negative again. Rose looked to the other pixies for a response, but they, too held their tongues. Her eyes fell on Toby's look of astonishment. \"That's enough stories for now\" Gump said, turning to the shadows in the throat of the cavern. Oona blinked back into her miniature form and fluttered alongside him. \"Come along!\" He disappeared into its depths. \"You can't be serious, Gump.\" Brown Tom shuffled back toward the cave's mouth. A thunderous blast startled the fairy. Gump hopped over a trickling flow ahead. \"Would you rather try your odds out there?\" Rose followed the nimble nymph lower into the dark cloak of the unknown.[Chapter 17] Gump led the company farther into the throat of the cavern. Oona flittered and furled in glowing lines around his head as he went. \"I think I've heard stories about a place similar to this.\" Sap Cap's stare widened under Brown Tom's torch. Tom took cautious steps across the thin ribbon of water that they had followed thus far. \"It does bear a strikin' resemblance to some yarns I've heard spun before, aye.\" Rose and Toby had to duck under the entry that Gump rushed into a few paces ahead. Toby's torchlight drooped and bent around to their left into a larger corridor of earth and stone. Toby leaned to his left around another snaking root in the ceiling. \"What is this place, Gump?\" \"I can't say for certain,\" he said, \"but matches some of the descriptions of tales told about our ancestors long since passed.\" Toby stretched to his full height. \"What was it for?\" Gump stopped and whispered with Oona. Following his nod, the tiny sprite fluttered ahead. \"At on time, our ancestors used a set a catacombs to flee from Darkness and Mother Night. The last time she made her was into our world, she nearly did us in.\" Brown Tom kicked a stray lizard off his boot. \"Transformed into a towerin' inferno, she did. Many lost their lives that day.\" A vice clamped down on Rose's gut. \"You expect me to stand against that?\" \"If she returns,\" Gump said, \"you must.\" His childlike bluntness perturbed the warrior. A shimmering line of light let them know that Oona had returned. \"What news?\" Gump trotted up to meet her. After a few nods and some whispers, he turned to Rose and the others. \"This way! She's found it.\" The others blew past a stoic Rose. The pitch dark swallowed their lapping torches. \"Found what? Wait, Gump.\" When she had caught up to the group, Rose found them all awestruck. Each one fixed their eyes on the cavern wall before them. \"What is it?\" Gump's hand caressed a faded painting. \"Remnants,\" his head bent to one side, \"of an older time. A bleaker time.\" She crept closer and studied the image under Toby's torchlight. A painting of a person laying on his back adorned the wall. Above this, the artist had depicted a white object and a black one. Gump followed her stare to them. \"The Indrik, crystal of all Creation.\" He traced the black object with an index finger. \"And, its counterpart, the source of all Destruction, the Panther's Heart.\" Brown Tom wandered over to the adjacent wall. \"This be the place, all right.\" He and Sap Cap shared in a shiver. As Rose neared them, she understood their fear. Upon this wall, their ancestors has painted a dragon that took up its entirety. Surrounding this behemoth, a mass of fallen and running figures engulfed fire. She turned to Gump. \"Mother Night?\" The sprite nodded. She felt a lump well in her throat. \"I thought as much.\"[Chapter 18] Lili sensed Mother Night moving her left hand in slow swirls. She saw what Mother saw through her eyes. Yet, she could do nothing to regain control of her physical being. His dark spell wove too strong a hold over Lili's mortal soul. Alas, this left Lili with nothing to do, but observe in her swamp of helplessness. Mother Night's fingertips floated just above the pool of water in her scrying bowl. Ethereal tendrils of fog converged and intertwined within its glassy depths. Darkness clopped to her side from the counsel of his high priests. His inquisitive eyes fell to the whispers and screams coming from the water. \"What is it you seek, Mother?\" She wafted a tormented shout out of existence. \"Their champion.\" Darkness took a full goblet from his grand table, and proceeded over next to his fire. \"Long since passed.\" He took a long draw from the cup. \"I can assure you.\" A pair of stone demon cherubs rose from their marble perches, and joined Mother Night at the scrying pool. Both tilted their horned headsin for a closer look. Another gulp washed past his fangs, rejuvenating Darkness's will. \"His body rots under hill deep in the forest. He is of no concern to us.\" Mother bent her human head closer to the swirling mists. A glint of gold scales caught her ancient and wise eyes. \"The Champion has returned.\" Astonishment would have been an understatement. His maw hung agape. \"By what means?\" Mother's gaze never faltered from her pool. \"His offspring still lives. So longs as this is so, we can perish.\" Darkness flung his jewel-encrusted goblet into the dancing flames. Its contents matched the hiss that radiated from his throat. He strode to the pool, and looked for himself. A lone little cottage sat nestled among a ring of towering trees. Somewhere through the pool and behind those stone walls, an old woman hummed a lullaby. Mother Night grabbed the image in her hand and crushed it. \"Dispatch your emissaries. Ensure it's completely destroyed!\" Darkness bowed. \"As you wish.\"[Chapter 19] They charged their hellish beasts hard through the forest's underbrush. Ghoul, goblin, and demon alike howled and cried for destruction. Some bore a lone horn upon their grimy scalps, the sole survivor of some prior conflict. Others scowled with their milky good eye and spat venom into homes and burrows of the innocent. Armor clanged. The partial moonlight danced upon the clubs and swords. Their torches burned down the final remnants of any hope of reversing course. At the helm of this horde rode the Overlord. His Nightmare puffed acidic steam from her skeletal snout. One after another, the trees hissed by him in blurs. His master's storms had receded for the moment, allowing the warm glow in the cottage windows to guide him like a moth to a flame. \"Find the boy!\" The horde fanned out and encircled the stone house. Their leader galloped to the front door, and bashed it in under a spike-studded boot. The Overlord swept his broadsword across a wall, toppling furniture and trinkets. The narrow archway leading into her sitting room fell to his menacing girth in a shower of clay and splinters. \"Where is the boy?\" The old woman paid him no mind, and went about humming her tune. His blade swung down, shattering a decorative bowl. \"I won't repeat myself, hag.\" Nell glanced up from the garment she was knitting and scowled at him. \"Gone.\" A giggle escaped her sagging jowls. \"You've come too late, dark one.\" \"Where? Tell me, hag.\" Another chortle. The Overlord plunged his weapon deep into her billowing blouse. Soon, blood soaked it through and her fading form fell to one side. He spun his horse around and stormed back out from whence he came. Outside, his followers ransacked every barrel, container, and shed within reach. One of the goblins hobbled up to the Overlord. His long black ponytail swung in time with his broken strides. \"The human is nowhere to be found.\" The Overlord steadied his horse, and pointed his sword at the cottage. \"Burn it to the ground.\" His heels found the mate's haunches. She trotted over to a pair of ghouls on great hairless wolves. \"Find their trail, and follow it!\"[Chapter 20] \"When we find her,\" Rose said, striding through the shin-high weeds, \"we'll take her back home.\" The others in the company lumbered through the meadow a few paces behind. The warmth of the sun was a welcome change on their journey out of the long caverns. Gump swatted at the tops of the grass that swayed before his eyes. \"And, if she's not capable of salvation?\" He batted at another tall piece of grass. \"What then?\" Brown Tom wandered near Sap Cap, pointing out the various types of flora. \"She may have to be destroyed, lass.\" Rose stopped in her tracks, her bottom jaw wagging. \"Watch your tongue, sprite!\" Tom shrugged. \"Almost happened once, as I recall. Nothin' sayin' that it might have to be so again.\" Oona walked next to Gump in her more palatable and larger form. \"In either case, our road leads to the Great Tree.\" Sap Cap squashed the specimen of violet that he'd found under his white knuckles. \"It's certain death in there, Gump.\" The younger fairy's features went pallid. \"Why, if we -\" Gump's hand flew up. \"Silence!\" He tilted an ear toward the forest at the field's edge. He glanced to Rose. \"Ya hear that?\" The warrior's head nodded. A line of deer broke out of the forest's underbrush and bounded across the meadow. A group of other forest creatures, unicorn, bear, and foxes alike, followed close behind. Sap Cap's hands flew up. \"See there?\" Brown Tom kicked a clod of dirt. \"Trouble's afoot.\" Gump started off across the meadow at a dead sprint. \"Come! Time is of the essence.\" Rose and the others hurried to meet him as fast as their weary limbs would allow. Gump stood at the side of one unicorn, petting his neck when Rose arrived. She watched as he conversed with the creature in its native tongue. \"What are they goin' on about, you recon?\" Sap Cap whispered. Brown Tom shushed his inquisitions in a hurry. \"Not now, boy.\" The unicorn whinnied and lowered his head to the grass. Gump took short uncertain steps back to rejoin them. \"Very bad news, I'm afraid.\" Brown Tom hung on his every word. \"Well, what is it, Gump?\" Their leader walked to Toby and rubbed his arm. \"Nell. The cottage. They destroyed all of it.\" Rose watched the color drain from his face. His freckled cheeks trembled. The corners of his eyes welled. \"My home. My mom.\" \"She was a wonderful person,\" Gump rested his hands on his belt. \"She cared for all of us when few would.\" Brown Tom removed his worn hat, and held it over his heart. \"A fine lady as ever I've met.\" A wave of sorrow welled up in Rose. \"She meant a lot to many.\" \"Who, Gump?\" Toby's white knuckles choked the handle of his weapon. \"The Overlord and his horde.\" Gump's expression went cold. \"Some of Darkness's most lethal warriors.\" The boy's watery gaze glazed over. \"When I find him -\" Gump's head snapped back in the direction of the trees. \"No need.\" He jogged closer to the forest and scanned the air. \"They ride this direction.\" \"Then we fight,\" Toby said. Oona stepped in front of both Gump and Toby. \"They outnumber us ten to one.\" Gump's eyes bounced from her to the animal herd and back again. \"Not quite.\" He ran to the unicorns. \"Quick! I have a plan.\"[Chapter 21] The Overlord pushed his horse hard as they made their way back out of the thicket. Copper bled from the leaves of both maple and elm. Little stood in the way of his master's dominion over everything, save one tiny enclave. They would be dealt with soon enough. \"Onward!\" he wagged his sword at his nightmare's side. His instructions upon leaving the blazing cottage had been clear and concise: find anyone or anything in gold armor and crush the life from it. His victorious horde flanked the Overlord on both sides, ripping and tearing living nature as they barreled out. Soon, master. Your bidding shall be done, and all will bow before the glorious wrath of Destruction! He eyed a chipmunk as it scurried along a tree branch at saddle's height. With a barbaric swat of his blade, the Overlord reduced the small game to a pink cloud of fur and gore. The Overlord howled and turned his ride toward the forest's edge ahead. Grunts and wails echoed at his back. Tassels and knots of hair whipped in the fury of their approach on the open fields. The sun rose, but remained concealed by the boiling wrath of his master's unnatural storms. They trampled the last of the glade's brush under hoof, and thundered across the fields. The Overlord's mare huffed and snorted under the relentless strain her reins. Wherever you are, I'll find you. By my blade, you and your line will cease to exist! Down into a shallow vale, they rode. A small flock of sparrows scattered as the dark invaders made a mess of their meals. As he rounded the next hill, the Overlord and his front line were met by a charging wedge of unicorns. The gallant creatures split the enemy's advance, giving way for the much larger bear that trailed them. The Overlord's mare reared up on her hind legs. \"Scatter and circle them from the sides!\" Several of his minions got the order in time, pulling hard on their animal's reins. Many of their cohorts reacted too late. An onslaught ensued. One vicious swat after another, the towering bears toppled goblins from their saddles. A boyish pixie charged the hill, slinging bolts from his bow in raining death. Several of his adversaries fell where they stood on the battlefield, shafts protruding at obtuse angles from their necks. He waved the others behind him onward. \"Go, now! Fight while we still hold surprise.\" There! Golden armor and shield. Their female Champion of Light drew her sword and stormed the knoll. The Overlord bucked his mare forward. \"Come, child!\" He slayed the winds with his weapon. \"One last fight before you meet your fate.\" Steel fell upon steel. The force of her acceleration spun the Overlord in his black saddle. Another swat blindsided him, toppling the agent of Darkness to the turf. \"Your soul will boil.\" The pin-sized pixie whirled his war hammer. \"Ye'll have to take a spot in line.\" The red-haired runt snarled. \"I've got a lengthy list, lad.\" As the fairy charged his position, one of the Overlord's ghouls rushed from the side and took the man to the ground. The golden one shouted behind him. The sharp edge of her blade found purchase in the back plate of his armor. Enraged, he spun to face his challenger, but her sword remained lodged. The Overlord backhanded the girl, spinning her through the air. \"The enemy's really scraping the barrel, if this is the best they have left.\" He gripped the golden hilt, and dislodged the nuisance. He held both weapons and marched on his stunned prey. \"Time to crush you under foot like the insect you are!\" Tendrils of smoke wound from his hand. He flung the golden sword to the dirt and howled. Searing agony oozed up his left arm. A minute glowing insect buzzed inside his visor and stung him just below the eye. \"You little…\" It dodged his raking hand and zipped around his helmet in oblong orbits. The Overlord twisted to his left. A glint of yellow fluttered in his line of sight. He lifted his hand to crush the bug, but instead found a golden blade speeding toward his neck. Strange sensations. An inhalation followed by a disconnect. The world listed in one direction, and then the darkened skies turned end over end. The Overlord's final vision was that of his decapitated body falling limp. Then, his world went dark.[Chapter 22] Rose led the company forward toward the remaining bastion for darkness and night. As a pale gibbous moon poked through the rapidly boiling storms, she and Toby spurred their horses across low-lying marshlands and boggy underbrush. Gump's unicorn trotted up alongside Rose. \"Little else stands between us and them.\" Her tempered gaze studied the skies. \"We can beat him with light.\" \"Aye!\" Gump guided his ride to the point where land and the swamp surrounding the Great Tree converged. \"It appears that endeavor is hopeless.\" Brown Tom halted on the other side of Toby and Rose. \"I promised meself I'd never have to see that accursed place again.\" Sap Cap leaned on his pommel. \"Promises made. Promises broken.\" Tom swiped a meaty hand at his instigator. \"Why, I oughta -\" \"Enough you two.\" Gump eyed the evil structure. \"We'll need our wits and our weapons if we're to survive the both of them on their ground.\" Toby steadied his nervous animal. \"How do we make our way inside, Gump?\" The elf pointed to the murky black water. \"I know of only one way in, and it won't be easy.\" Rose swung off her horse and walked to the water's edge. Its slithering denizens undulated in and out of the swamp. \"No time like the present.\" Oona's tiny form swarmed the girl's head. \"Hey! Cut it out.\" Gump dismounted and strode to the center of their gathering. \"Before we go, there's something you should know.\" The pixie's gaze met that of Toby. \"She's your mother as well.\" At first, his forehead wrinkled as he tried to unravel Gump's meaning. Then, Toby's eyes lit up. Rose shooed the miniature sprite and approached Gump. \"What do you mean?\" Toby hopped off and walked to Rose's side. \"Then, the baron?\" Gump shook his head. \"No. She and Jack, boy. The baron would have nothing to do with the offspring of another. So, Lili left you in Nell's care.\" His dejected gaze dropped. \"Dear Jack never lived to know.\" Rose couldn't hold back the emotional onslaught. \"Y-You're my brother?\" Toby's welling eyes said it all. They clasped one another in a powerful embrace. Sap Cap sighed. \"Ah. That's the stuff o' dreams there.\" \"Maybe so.\" Brown Tom joined them near the water. \"We've got a mum that needs savin' and a fallen brother to avenge.\" Gump readied his bow. \"Well said, Tom.\" He inched to a large boulder protruding from the water's clutches. \"The hourglass still pours Come!\" The others followed Gump's lead across the slippery stones in the bog. The surface of the murky water bulged in several places as if giving birth. Rose watched as one grew to the size of her head and then popped in a cloud of foul fumes. She buried her nose in a sleeve. \"The stench!\" Sap Cap's lips curled as he advanced in front of her. \"That be the rot o' the damned, if ever I smelt it.\" \"Or worse.\" Gump leaped onto a large gnarled root on the far bank of the bog. \"Mind your step.\" His youthful gaze studied the black water. \"Lest ye want to become supper for whatever lurks beneath.\" Rose readied herself for the final jump and sprang from the stone. As her foot landed, its ball glided forward over a gnarled root. Her torso teetered backward. \"Whoa!\" \"Steady, lass.\" Brown Tom reached for one of the girl's hands, but his aide came an instant too late. Rose crashed into the wretched bog with a loud splash. She heard her brother's shouts as she sank beneath the waves. After swimming through a submerged tree limb, Rose broke the bog's glassy surface. \"Thank the heavens.\" Toby's hand took her by the forearm and tugged her to safety. Her soggy tail of black hair slapped against her golden armor. \"Mind that first step.\" Oona's soft glow cut through the growing dark as she swirled over Gump's head. He whispered something to her in their native language and turned to the rest of the party. \"Oona brings news.\" Brown Tom readied his weapon. \"What of it?\" Gump crept to a slender tall opening between the network of roots and vines. \"This passage parallels the aqueduct system.\" His gaze surveyed the others for any emotional responses. \"We'll be able to bypass the kitchen and holding cells, but it'll be a long treacherous climb to get up to the level of the throne room.\" Tom shivered at the prospect of going back into the Great Tree. \"What is it about this place that keeps us comin' back to it?\" Gump shouldered his bow. \"Their power is strongest next to its source.\" Sap Cap sat a palm on the pommel of his short sword. \"Why not just draw them out into an open meadow somewhere?\" \"Because, we need the Indrik to defeat Mother Night,\" Gump insisted, \"and that crystal is currently -\" he jabbed a finger at the top of the tree's girth – \"up there.\" Old Tom shook his shaggy red mane. \"I dunno, Gump. If we -\" The girl's shriek stunned everyone where they stood. A glistening gray tentacle wrapped itself around her left ankle and squeezed. Toby drew his axe. \"Take your boot off!\" Rose writhed and pried at her shoe. \"I can't. It's gripping me too tight.\" She unsheathed her sword and swung it down. The blade lacerated the creature's extremity before lodging into the ancient bark. The tentacle squirmed up her calf as she readied for another swat. \"That might hahh!\" It yanked Rose's leg out from under her, dragging her toward the murky bog. Giving chase, Toby latched onto her free hand and dug a heel into the side of the trunk. Brown Tom scuttled past him on the side nearest the bog. \"Good job, lad!\" He raised his sword over the gray mass. \"Hold her steady.\" He closed one eye and wagged his weapon over her leg. Sap Cap reached out for Tom's jacket. \"No! Yer too far up.\" \"Go back into the hell hole from -\" Tom brought his blade down through the coiled flesh – \"whence ye came!\" The bog waters bubbled with the painful gurgles of the monster. Plumes of pungent water jetted from its mouth near the center of the water and rained down on the group. \"Hurry!\" Gump's arm motioned them toward the tall opening in the tree's hide. \"Before it decides to grab us all.\" One by one, the party disappeared into the musty shadows uncertain of what versions of Hell awaited.[Chapter 23] Flickering hues of orange made the shadows waltz to their will along the high walls of the Great Tree's inner sanctum. Someplace deeper in the temple's center, massive infernos burned. Gump led the others in a single file line down a tall and tight corridor. His bent form passed in and out of the patches of firelight. A long stream of water gurgled past Rose on her right as she followed the group. Her eyes followed the towering silver ribbons from the stream high up to their sources in the wall overhead. The occasional bone or skull trickled out of the stone holes and hit the stream with a splash. From the fiery chambers beyond their wall, immense metallic structures groaned, pouring out their contents. Tortured souls wailed and begged their tormentors for relief, but none came. One by one, Rose crept beneath each arched window into the kitchen and holding area. At the next of these openings, her curiosity got the better of her, and the warrior inched her gaze up over the window's lip. A massive fire blazed in the hollow hearth at the back of the room. A muscular creature stood at a long table. Its four powerful arms worked in symphonic harmony as it dismembered its prize. One arm picked up a meat cleaver and hacked at the dying pixie on the tabletop. Another grabbed a large bowl while its companion emptied the entrails into it. My god! Rose lowered herself back below the window's edge. Sap Cap turned his hunched form around to face her. \"Warmonger,\" he whispered. \"Our parents told us nightmarish stories about him to keep us in line as children.\" A sharp hiss from Gump at the front quieted the pair. His index finger singled out everyone in the group, then jabbed at a rope ladder on the wall at the end of the corridor. Rose's eyes traced the ladder up the inner wall of the structure until it disappeared into a point high overhead. From its appearance among the dancing shadows, the ladder offered little beyond one false move to a certain death. Mother's up there someplace. Hold tight, and don't look down . Oona flew to the lower rungs, swirled in disarray, and sped back to hover at Gump's right shoulder. He nodded as he conversed with his long-time companion. Satisfied with her observations, he summoned the others to join him at the base of the ladder. \"Oona says,\" his voice was a whisper, \"that this route takes us up to the throne room foyer.\" Oona fluttered beside his ear. \"Yes, yes. And, from there, we should be a mere stone's throw away from the chasm.\" Most of the groups' brows furrowed. \"The direct gate into Hell.\" Their masks of confusion melted. Eyes grew wider, and blood fled from their features. Back over their shoulders, more tortured screams bounced off cold walls. \"Right then,\" Gump said. \"No time like the present.\" He shouldered his bow and leaped up the first few rungs of the ladder in a blur. Brown Tom muttered something about being cold and far from home as he heaved his girth upon the first of the steps. One after another, they made their way up the length of the ladder. The wooden slats felt ancient and smooth beneath Rose's boots. Despite their age, they gave no indication of giving way anytime soon. Rose had recited her bedtime prayers at least ten times when their procession paused. The ladder still disappeared into a pinpoint far overhead. Sap Cap wrapped one of his lanky arms around a pair of steps and wiped the perspiration from his forehead with the other. \"When does it end, Gump?\" The leader of the pixies surveyed the apparent endless hollow of the tree's girth. \"When we've reached the end of the rope, I suspect.\" Brown Tom grumbled. \"I'm nearly at the end o' mine as it is, lads.\" Tom inched up a few more steps behind him in the line. \"Not soon enough for these old bones.\" \"Aye!\" Sap Cap said. \"What I wouldn't give for a -\" His foot slipped, leaving him dangling in space by a step. The group shrieked as the ladder swayed. Something shiny ricocheted off the trunk with a metallic clang and faded into the void. Sap Cap's chest deflated. \"There went me best field knife.\" Tom swatted the youngster on the noggin. \"If ya don't watch yer step, you'll soon get the chance to go lookin' fer it, ya louse.\" A short hiss from Gump quieted the duo. Everyone followed his gaze as Oona darted higher into the swirling shadows far above. Moments passed like an eternity. Rose's shoulders burned and stiffened under the relentless pressure. \"It's been too long,\" Brown Tom insisted. Sap Cap piped in, \"Aye. Where'd she go?\" A distant howl reverberated down to their perches. Brown Tom grumbled. \"Oh, ho! That did it.\" A flickering bright speck sped back toward them along the tree's girth. Another enraged wail from whatever manner of dark creature the fairy had awakened sped in pursuit. \"Now!\" Gump ascended the ladder like a wildcat. In the span of a few of Rose's breaths, he had climbed into a hollowed out knot in the Great Tree's hide. \"Move it!\" Gump's lean hand encouraged them onward amid a fresh set of screams from the creature. One by one, the party ducked away inside the secluded perch. As Toby rolled off the top step and into the hole, a powerful gust blew Rose free from her hold on the top step. The row of the wooden steps zipped past her as she sped toward death. Her right arm extended into the line of the ladder, shattering the first three steps into a cloud of wood and dust. Her petite fingers held fast to the fourth and stretched her shoulder nearly out of its socket. The winged nightmare let loose a wet gargled battle cry nearby in the darkness below. \"Hurry, child!\" Gump readied a bolt in his weapon at took aim for her head. A wrenching tingle washed over Rose's torso. \"Gump!\" The wooden bolt raced toward her right ear, hissed past it, and sank into the monster's eye with a wet thunk . The wyvern's muzzle brushed Rose's outside shoulder as it scraped against the trunk's inner wall. Gump's free hand spun large circles. \"Now!\" She fought through the searing pain in her shoulder and ascended the ladder. Rose clung to one side of the rope in the section of shattered steps. Her assailant shrieked far overhead and pulsed its leathery black wings. Brown Tom lowered a hand over the lip of their perch. \"Come, lass! 'Fore he gets a notion to swallow ye whole.\" Gump sprang to his full height next to Tom and readied another arrow. Rose followed the pixie's eyes as the missile of darkness clasped its wings close to its sides and dove in for the kill. \"For the love of everything!\" Toby exclaimed, his gaze bouncing between his sister and the creature. Rose dug deep for any extra resolve. Her shoulder was ablaze in inflammation. Her forearms had gone numb from the stress of the fall and her climb. Through the watery film over her eyes, a distorted dark mass grew in size. Gump's arrow sank with its target until the wyvern dropped to within a stone's throw of their haven. Rose held fast to the next step; her muscles went rigid. \"Gump!\" The pixie let his bolt fly, and it found its mark in the socket of the dragon's right eye. It thrashed its thick neck and head about, trying to shake the misery free. One of its wings slapped Rose as it crashed into the distant wall and spiraled toward the floor. She finished her ascent and took Brown Tom by his hand. \"There we are,\" he said, heaving her over the edge. \"Thought we'd lost there.\" Rose collapsed at their boots and groaned. \"Me, too.\" A thunderous rumble radiated from far below and shook the space in their empty column.[Chapter 24] The rest of the climb into the antechamber went with much clamor and commotion from far below. Goblins hissed orders to their underlings in their secret tongue. Thundering footsteps climbed higher and higher within the compound. Rose followed Gump as he wove between huge marble pillars in the antechamber. He crouched behind one in the shadows along the far wall. \"Beyond those,\" his head nodded toward the shimmering black crystalline doors ahead, \"is his throne room.\" \"Mother.\" The girl's eyes perked up. Gump nodded. \"Both your mother and that of Darkness, Mother Night, roam someplace inside.\" He shifted his weight onto the other foot. \"Once inside, there's no turning back, child. Mother and son must both be destroyed.\" The color drained from Rose's youthful features. The fairy's resolve hardened. \"If you can't,\" he surveyed the others, \"one of us will.\" A loud clang rang out several floors below. Gump readied an arrow on the notch of his bow and sprang in a jog. \"Come! Our enemies wait for no one.\" A large knot welled in Rose's throat as she unsheathed her sword. From a distance, the thought of killing her felt safe, but now . She skidded to a stop at the menacing doors and helped Toby pry one ajar. Various masks of pain and tortured souls swam about on the door's surface. Will I be able to do it when I look her in the eye? A sharp bird call dragged Rose from her daydreams. Dozens of paces ahead, Sap Cap urged her to rejoin the company. The dim flicker of crimson candles illuminated the regal throne room of Darkness. \"Fan out,\" Gump hissed. \"Find the Indrik if it's here.\" Rose scurried to the closest of the banquet tables and searched among the crystalline skulls and jewel-encrusted goblets. The huge empty space amplified Sap Cap's inquiry. \"What's it look like, Gump?\" Another swat from Brown Tom's cap. \"Keep it down, ya blunderin' buffoon.\" Gump trotted to their table on the opposite side. \"Pure white, it is.\" He picked up a skull and inspected its hollow sockets. \"Thin as a spire and sparkles like a thousand suns.\" Nothing fitting that description stuck out in Rose's corner of the room. She slid her weapon into its sheath and strode to a smaller table behind the tall black throne. Toby joined her. \"Anything yet?\" She shook her head. \"Same here.\" Sap Cap groaned from his end of the chamber. \"It's no use. The blasted thing's not in here.\" Brown Tom's bulbous noggin spun toward the clamoring crowd a few floors beneath the throne room. \"Company's comin', boys.\" He unsheathed a short sword and ambled toward the tall arched door at the chamber's back corner. \"We'd best skidaddle!\" \"Right!\" Gump unshouldered his bow and bent a long ear closer to the wall. \"Ole Tom speaks true.\" He trailed behind the others into the hallway. \"Where he is, the crystal is as well.\" \"Where are we gonna find him?\" Brown Tom stopped at the top of a spiral staircase and spoke between labored breaths. W-Where there's hellfire, we'll fing him.\" Rose and Toby gave him a sideward glance. Gump clarified. \"Down at the Chasm. He means to unleash all of Hell onto our world.[Chapter 25] The party descended the cramped staircase as they wound down into the secret lair of the Chasm. The acrid sulfurous stench of the nightmarish threshold. Darkness' inhuman voice echoed from a cavernous opening a short distance ahead of Rose. His words drove a chilly spike through her soul. \"Siblings of the Night!\" Somewhere, an inferno intensified. \"The age of vengeance has come. Arise from the flames of purgatory!\" She crept along the wall at the front of the procession. As her face slid to the archway's edge, the macabre ceremony came into view. Darkness stood proud beside her mother, Lili. Rose lowered her moistened stare to Gump. \"She is Lili no longer.\" The fae's mute guise crumpled a little. \"Your mother and our beloved friend has long since passed.\" The girl stole another glance at Lili. \"What if you're wrong? What if she's still inside somewhere?\" Gump's eyes fell. \"Hard to say.\" \"If it be a spell,\" Tom said, \"it's a powerful charm to be sure.\" A rowdy ruckus stormed overhead, puling Gump's ear away from the Chasm. \"We've outfoxed the horde, but we haven't much time 'til his army descends upon us.\" Toby snuck a look into the large open-air room. \"We find the Indrik, and we can send them back.\" Sap Cap's head tilted. \"Or at least have a fightin' chance.\" Gump's gaze lit up. \"There!\" One by one, heads inched around the corner. \"On the mystic's table.\" Gump's finger singled them out as he formulated his plan. \"Rose, Toby. Get the Indrik. Brown Tom and Sap Cap, guard our escape. Oona and I'll create a diversion.\" His thin finger tapped Toby's chest. \"Your father's blood courses in your veins. It's up to you to send Darkness back through that hole in the ground.\" The boy's eyes widened. \"Just get the Indrik,\" Gump said, readying his bow. \"We'll take on the rest as it happens.\" His keen stare passed over everyone. \"Ready?\" The rest of the company looked to Rose, having confirmed with a nod. She unsheathed her sword and released a sharp breath. \"Ready.\" Gump snuck to the archway and notched another feathered missile. \"Move!\" The party split with Gump and Oona heading in one direction toward the Chasm, and Rose and Toby creeping in the cool shadows of robust pillars in the direction of the crystal. Darkness continued his incantations unaware of their invasion of his lair. \"Children of Mother Night. Slaves to Darkness, arise in this realm. I command you.\" Rose inched around the polish onyx girth of a pillar. Lili stood next to a gigantic creature that resembled a man from the waist up, but its opposite end were the hooved extremities of a bull. Huge horns, black as pitch, protruded from either side of his bald head. A long black cloak fluttered in the wrath that pulsed from the slit in the earth. The Indrik twinkled in the light of a candelabra. A pair of sorcerers paced back and forth behind the table wringing their hands in anticipation. She tapped her brother on his shoulder and snuck to the last pillar in their line. Once there, she glanced back at Gump and Oona on the far side of the room. The sprite drew back two bolts in his string and bobbed his head. \"Cover me.\" She pounced toward the long table as Gump's arrows found their marks, toppling both dark agents in the span of a breath. Lili spun in her sparkling black gown and hissed. Her eyes glowed in a dark purple hue similar to a twilight. Darkness snapped his head in the same direction on his muscular neck. His eyes narrowed at the shimmer of the familiar golden scalemail. \"You!\" Rose's nimble hand clasped the Indrik and held tight. Darkness laughed as Toby stumbled out next to his sister. \"You're even worse than the last.\" Another hearty laugh that exposed his long venomous fangs. \"Two swaddled babes in the company of fools.\" Rose jabbed the cold crystal toward the advancing prince of the damned. \"Gump? What do we do?\" The fairy dropped another goblin on his way to her. \"Clear your thoughts, and listen!\" She did as instructed, turning her mind to nothingness. A vision, faint at first, emerged in Rose's mind's eye. Shimmering white. A unicorn galloped through a swirling wall of storm clouds. Its bright blue eyes held both ancient wisdom and hardened resolve. This creature had something different that she couldn't identify. A thunderous clap snapped her from the trance. Her mother stood across from Rose, wielding the Indrik's antithesis, the Panther's Heart. The dark crystal pulsed as the heavens peeled above her. \"Whoa!\" A powerful gust pushed Rose to her knees. The winged pegasus galloped on hooves of gold against its eternal foe. The enormous black cat leaped from its side of the skies and swatted at the winged menace. The pegasus reared up on her haunches, feinting the assault. Mother Night swung her crystal in a wide arc. \"Ignorant mortal!\" Her mother's sweet tone had gone, and that of a raspy hag took its place. \"Once I've crushed your Phaedrus,\" the panther lashed out, striking the horse's neck, \"I'll rip your soul apart.\" Rose manipulated the Indrik, and her Phaedrus responded. The pegasus charged the cat with her horn, blinding it on one side. Bolts of lightening forked across the sky as the cat howled. To her right, Toby dodged a blow from Darkness. The monster's great sword raked a wave of sparks from the pillar at the boy's flank. Her sibling swung his hatchet down, meeting the guard of the demon's sword in another eruption of light. A jolt pulsed through the girl's body as the panther raked the front haunches of her Phaedrus. The pegasus staggered to one side and whinnied. Mother Night laughed as she twisted the black stone in a wrenching motion. Rose fell to her knees under the enormous syrain of the destructive crystal. An inferno of delirium blazed behind her mother's eyes. The crooked fingers of Lili's free hand pulsed in a purple glow. In moments, Mother Night's orb of pain impacted Rose's chest armor, contorting her in its torturous wrath. From the corner of her eye, Rose caught a glimpse of Oona and Gump. The tandem scrambled from another wave of ghouls and their filthy weapons. \"Mother,\" Rose managed amid muscle spasms. \"Please.\" Gump leaped over a table, felling three more hell spawns on his arrows. \"Everything, child! Summon every bit you can!\" She stilled the sea of needles crawling under her skin and connected with the astral creature. When the energy within threatened to break the levee, Rose thrust the Indrik in the direction of her mother. The pegasus launched back on her hind quarters again. A brilliant fork of light shot across the heavens, impaling the panther and Darkness upon its tines. Toby seized the opportunity and sank his blade deep into the convulsing head of the dark lord. \"Wretched bitch!\" Mother Night charged the dazed teen. \"Whore!\" In an instant, the blade of Rose's sword had run through the heart of the deity. Her mother's blackened eyes dissolved into the gentle ones she'd always known. \"M-Mom?\" Lili collapsed to her knees. Her trembling hands plucked at the gilded steel that was draining the life from her. \"What's h-happening?\" Rose's quivering hand withdrew from the hilt. \"Don't!\" Gump ran past the fleeing remnants of the horde. \"Don't fall for her tricks.\" Her hand lingered a moment more. Her mother's tragic eyes met Rose's. \"Forgive me.\" Lili collapsed to the floor, a small gold ring on a chain tumbled out next to her cheek. Oona knelt beside her fallen friend and caressed the trinket.[Chapter 26] The lid to her sarcophagus lay ajar within the subterranean chamber. Lili had been dressed in her favorite white summer gown. A bouquet of fresh flowers rested between her peaceful hands. Rose wiped back another wave of liquid pain and slipped the gold ring over her mother's left ring finger. \"It was his.\" Rose glanced to Jack's tomb beside her mom. Brown Tom patted the small of her back. \"We know, love.\" A sniffle escaped him. \"We know.\" Gump leaned into the stone case and pecked her on the nose. \"She's where she's always longed to be.\" Rose kissed her mom goodbye, sweeping a stray strand from her cool skin. With a final, \"I love you\", she helped the others slide the lid over Lili's mortal shell for good. Their journey from the tomb back into the village was a long and somber procession. The dark storm front had long since dissipated, giving way to the rejuvenation of many things. She trailed behind the others along the dirt streets until Toby halted the group in front of an inn. Its wooden sign swung on iron rings. And embossed winged unicorn adorned the upper right corner while a black cat pounce from its lower left. \"Anyone care to wet the whistle in the Pegasus and Panther?\" He lifted a shoulder. Rose grinned. \"Sounds perfect.\" Closing track: xb8dXfFgrWI (Youtube) [UPCOMING WORKS IN: LABYRINTH, NEVERENDING STORY, AND HARRY POTTER.] Thank you for coming along. ","Summary":" Jets of steam pulsed out of the mare's flaring nostrils as she galloped hard across the open plain."},{"Movie":"Lawless","Title":"A Man Worth a Legend","Author":"CaileeChaos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8533769","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A major fan of both Tom Hardy and Shia LeBouf, I flipped when I saw the trailer for Lawless . I went to see the film the day it opened and instantly fell in love with this story. I absolutely adore Tom's character Forrest Bondurant and have become a bit obsessed. I've now seen the movie three times and have read the book by Jack's grandson Matt Bondurant that inspired this whole thing. While reading the book and watching the movie I had one question that neither answered, \"Just how the hell did Forrest Bondurant get so tough?\" It is hinted that the loss of his family to the Spanish Lady Flu is what hardened Forrest but there had to be more to it. Since I couldn't figure it out, I decided to write it. This is merely a prologue to what I hope will be a tale as gripping as the real one. A lot of what happens in taken straight from the book with a bit of my own flare. I sincerely hope you enjoy. Prologue: Growin' up in Blackwater Creek you bound to hear a lotta things 'bout them Bondurant boys. Things like, \"They invincible, so don't bother tryin' to kill 'em.\" Or things like, \"Forrest Bondurant ain't to be messed with.\" But the thing 'bout small towns is while they sure like gossipin', they like keepin' secrets more. Few know what made Forrest Bondurant so tough, so ruthless. Them folks that do know also know better than to share. Lucky for you all, Forrest and I happ'n to be buddies – well, as good as buddies can get where Forrest is concerned. And Forrest done gave me permission to hell his story, the real one. The story before he married Maggie Beauford, before Special Deputy Rakes was shot, before the Great Franklin County Moonshine Conspiracy. Naw, this story happened long before all that shit. This is the story of how Forrest Bondurant became a man worth a legend. Be prepared y'all. You 'bout to see a side of Forrest the likes a'which you ain't never seen before. Note: The prologue is meant to be read as if an old man with yellow, tobacco stained teeth, dirty hair, and holes in his coveralls is speaking to you, the lovely readers. However, the rest of the story will not be in written with this backwater language.[Chapter 2] Let me go ahead and say thank you to the following: annechou59, Guest, and jenny. Thank you three for your lovely reviews. It is very much so appreciated! Also, thank you to: annechou59, h sloanx16, HaleeYes, Heartless-Princess33, Kay1104, lydiadavida, and xxxLovely Insanityxxx, for favoriting and/or following . Thank you all so much for giving this story a chance with what little was posted yesterday. With that being said, here is the first chapter. I hope you enjoy. Chapter One: The first time Forrest Bondurant touched a naked woman he was fifteen years old. He was exhausted from working all day in his family's snow-covered tobacco field trying to make sure the seeds lasted through the winter. Trudging inside to wash up before supper, he was temporarily blinded by the headlights of his father's ancient Ford truck as it sped up the drive. His father was just about to crash head-on into the front porch of their home when the tires came screeching to a halt, slinging snow this a'way and that. Granville Bondurant leapt from the truck yelling for his son. There was a girl in the passenger seat, Granville said, and she was about dead. \"Daddy, what's wrong?\" asked Jack, the youngest Bondurant boy, as he emerged from the house with his best friend Cricket Pate in tow. \"Jack, get your momma. Tell her I got Earl Davis's daughter and she's hurt real bad,\" their father instructed, his words quick and concise. \"Forrest, help me get her inside.\" Though his life from this point on would be filled with horrible, gruesome sights - mangled bodies, both dead and alive - Forrest had yet to see something quite this awful in his first fifteen years of life. The girl was unconscious, slumped against the truck's worn leather seat and her thin hair was matted, dirty, and clinging to her forehead. She was obviously naked, his father's jacket draped over her shivering body. Nasty bruises, molted purple and blue, spotted her skin; bruises in the shape of rough hands as they grabbed and squeezed her sensitive flesh. There was a gash cut clear across her left cheek and scrapes covered her legs, particularly at the knees. She was growing paler by the second and if the blue tint to her lips was any indication, a few more minutes out in the snow and she would freeze to death. There was no time to worry about modesty so Forrest scooped the naked girl into his arms as gently as he could and carried her inside. He took her to Howard's room, a room that had been left untouched since his older brother enlisted. His mother had already turned down the blankets and stood waiting, a warm wash cloth in hand. Forrest's older sister Belva stood at her side. \"We need to warm her up and clean these wounds,\" Dorothy Bondurant ordered. She hovered as Forrest placed the girl on the bed and went immediately to the gash on her face. As she wiped away the dried blood tears pooled in his mother's eyes. She spoke, her voice a whisper, \"My God, how could someone do this to their own child?\" \"Her daddy did that?\" asked Jack, frozen in the doorway. Their older sister Era stood behind Jack, her hand on the young boy's shoulders to hold him back. Cricket was hiding in the folds of Era's skirt, his lips quivering. Though he had three years on Jack, Cricket was a sensitive boy with a gentle disposition, and he didn't take things like this very well. \"Cricket, you best be gettin' on home, son,\" their father demanded. \"Era, drive him home. Take Jack and Emmy with you.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Era nodded as Forrest pushed the two younger boys out of the room. Jack rubbed the spot on his chest where his brother had shoved him. His lips curled pitifully, \"Ow. You ain't got to be so rough, Forrest.\" \"Shut up, Jack, and go on.\" Forrest hauled two of his grandmother's quilts out of the hall cupboard intending to bundle the girl up, but when he reentered his brother's room he was struck, paralyzed by the sight of her. His father's jacket had been tossed aside so his mother and sister could wash her down properly. She was completely exposed. Swollen red and pink welts covered her stomach and sides. There were two large hand prints on either side of her pelvis, dribbles of dried blood caking the insides of her legs, particularly on her upper thighs. The sight made Forrest's stomach churn painfully. There was just something plan wrong about what he was seeing. \"Forrest,\" his momma snapped. \"Quite staring and do something useful. Go make some soup. Poor child's gonna be starving when she wakes up.\" Forrest did as his mother said. He heated up a can of Campbell's vegetable and beef soup – his father's favorite – and left it simmering on the gas stove. Then, since his mother was preoccupied, Forrest went about preparing supper for his family. The fried steak was all but done when Era, Jack, and Emmy returned from taking Cricket home. About that same time, their parents and Belva emerged from Howard's room, closing the door behind them. They ate supper in near silence. \"How come her daddy did that to her?\" asked Jack later that night when he and Forrest climbed into the rope bed they shared. To this Forrest replied that Jack was too young and that he'd tell him later, when he was older. But Jack persisted and Forrest struggled to find the right words. His older brother was quiet for a moment before turning to face him in the dark. The windows were tacked over with old quilts for the cold and there was no light but Jack could feel his brother's eyes on him. \"Some men,\" said Forrest quietly. \"Are born good, some born bad, and others born worse. Guess her daddy was one of the worse-borns.\" \"We're good-borns, aren't we?\" Forrest chuckled. He slung an around over his little brother's chest, hoping to comfort and silence the young boy. \"Yeah, Jack, we're good.\" Jack fell asleep with a quickness Forrest envied. His body was exhausted, his muscles tense and aching from laboring in the fields all day, but thoughts about Earl Davis's daughter burned inside him. He couldn't shake the image of her bloodied thighs, her slashed cheek, her bruised body. What had been done to her just didn't sit right with Forrest. She was a young girl unable to defend herself; moreover, she was the man's own daughter. What kind of a sack-of-shit coward does that, thought Forrest. The more he thought on it the angrier he got and Forrest was thankful he could feel Jack's heart beating steady under his arm. The constant rhythm gave him focus and helped him keep the anger locked away. Eventually morning came and Forrest hadn't slept a wink. This wasn't something unusual. Forrest had a habit of thinking his way through the night, unable to force his mind to rest. Much to the protest of his body, Forrest scrambled out of bed and headed for the kitchen. His mother and father were seated at the table, Belva fooling with a kettle on the stove. Forrest paused in the hall as he heard them speaking. \"She needs a proper doctor,\" their mother said in a hushed tone. \"I'm worried about her not being able to have children now.\" \"Why you say that?\" asked their father. The corners of their mother's mouth were pulled down, her watery eyes narrowed, \"There was so much blood, Gran…a women don't bleed like that unless something is terribly, terribly wrong. He probably tore somethin'. Belva, tell him what happened.\" Forrest's eldest sister had stayed through the night with the girl, watching her and keeping her warm. Belva turned from the stove, her hands shaking. \"Daddy,\" she groaned. \"She tried turning over in her sleep and when she brought her legs together s-she cried out. This awful, strangled noise. Sounded l-like a cat dying. That was when I noticed she'd started bleeding again.\" \"Not to mention,\" his mother added. \"The fact that her leg looks just about as bad as Cricket's. The sorry bastard probably broke her ankle.\" His father sighed and ran fingers through his graying hair. \"I'll go down to the store, giving Henry a call. See if I can't get him to stop by.\" Their conversation came to a standstill and Forrest figured it was probably a good time to make his presence known. He stepped into the kitchen and drew up to the table. His father looked at him. \"I know I told you to get them fields taken care of but I want you to stay close to the house today, you hear? We're gonna call in a doctor for the girl. It won't take long for word to spread that she's here and if Earl gets any ideas about swinging by I'll need you.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said Forrest, and that was that. The girl woke up around noon, disoriented and frightened. Belva was in the room when she came to, having just applied more of their mother's home remedy to the cut on her cheek. Belva instantly fetched their parents. Their father entered the room first, slow and unthreatening, \"My name is Granville Bondurant, that there was my daughter Belva, and this here's my wife, Dorothy. You remember me?\" Living in a town like Blackwater Creek, everybody kinda knew everybody back then. The girl nodded wordlessly and their father briefly explained how she'd wound up there. Said he'd found her lying on the side of the road about a mile down the mountain from her father's house, naked and beaten. At his words the girl blushed in embarrassment, her eyes brimming with tears. \"Are you hungry? I know you've got to be thirsty,\" their mother said. She sent Belva to fetch some water and heat up the soup Forrest had prepared last night. They let her eat in peace, giving her time to compose herself. When she was through, their father excused himself on the pretense of needing a cup of coffee. This seemed to signify that playtime was over and it was time to 'fess up. The girl shifted tensely beneath the many quilts on Howard's bed. Gritting her teeth in pain, she settled and swallowed, \"Thank you. For…well, for taking me in and…and for the clothes and the food.\" Last night they'd put her in one of Era's old night gowns, a hand-me-down from Belva. Their mother nodded, \"Of course, darlin'. Now, I know you might not want to talk about it, but I need you to tell me what happened. But we can start off slow. How 'bout you tell me your name first?\" \"I'm Ellie May.\" \"Ellie May, does your daddy hit you often?\" The girl's jaw tensed despite the soreness and she looked away, over their mother's shoulders to the bedroom door that was slightly ajar. Through the thin crack she saw a colossal boy. He was probably about her age, built thick about the chest with broad shoulders and dark hair. His stature was frightening but when he turned and caught her staring there was no fear in Ellie May. The boy's face was too kind, the lines of his eyes too gentle. Turning back to the woman, Ellie May sighed. \"My momma died three years ago in childbirth along with my baby brother. My daddy didn't handle it so well. He's taken to drinking now and sometimes he gets a little hard to handle, is all.\" The woman nodded thoughtfully. \"He only hits you when he's been drinking, mhmm?\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" \"And what about takin' advantage of you? He save that for when he's drinking, too?\" A sharp pain laced Ellie May's heart. Half of her wanted to pretend like it hadn't happened, like she'd dreamt that part, that he'd only hit her as usual. But then, the pain was so real. She could feel the desperate ache in her hips, her belly. She could feel the rips and tears of intrusion where her womanhood had been violently taken from her by her own father. For a moment, Ellie May fought to breathe. \"No, ma'am,\" she finally murmured, her voice like a whisper. \"That was the first time.\" The woman's frown deepened. \"I see. Just how did you end up on the side of the road?\" \"He kicked me out…he does that sometimes when he wants to be alone. Usually I go down the mountain to this old deer stand and hide out there until he blows over. But I could barely walk for my ankle hurting so bad. I think I tripped in the snow and fell down a ditch. I don't rightly remember.\" \"Have you ever spoken to anyone about this?\" When Ellie May shook her head, the woman continued, \"You ever thought about goin' to the police?\" \"What would they do? They'd lock him up for a few weeks, then he'd be back and I'd only be in for worse. Or they'd try and take me away. Only I've got nowhere to go. I have no other family. I'd be shipped off to some girl's home up north, sent to work in some factory or sweat shop. At least here I have friends and I can go to school, try and get an education to get outta here one day.\" The young girl's bitter words touched a part of Dorothy Bondurant's soul. The child couldn't have been more than fourteen and yet she spoke with a harsh acceptance of reality. In truth, she was right. There wasn't much Sheriff Hodges could do, especially if it was Earl's word against the girl's. They had no proof. Her husband didn't see Earl lay a finger on his daughter and, despite the man's reputation as one of the sorriest men in town, the words of a woman, particularly a young one, didn't do much in a court of law. Realizing that there was in fact little to be done, Dorothy shifted in the rocking chair beside Howard's bed. \"Well, we called a doctor to come and have a look at you. He should be here a little after two. If you're still hungry we can fix you up something a bit heartier than soup. You cold?\" \"No, ma'am. I'm fine, thank you,\" Ellie May replied. Crossing her arms over her chest, she wanted desperately to be alone. The utter humiliation she felt was overwhelming. That paired with the physical pain of the previous night's events was darn near unbearable. \"Alright. Then I suppose I'll leave you to rest. If you need anything just holler. I'll be here in the kitchen.\" Ellie May tried to get back to sleep but the bone-deep aching of her body kept her awake. She laid in agony for what felt like hours. When the door opened, she assumed it was the doctor. Shifting, she attempted to sit up. \"You probably shouldn't do that,\" said a man's voice. The advice was light on his tongue and said almost as if it were an afterthought. Ellie May eyed the boy she'd seen standing in the kitchen. He was even bigger up close. She swallowed, \"You're Forrest, aren't you? We went to school together two years ago but you quit coming.\" Forrest nodded, \"That's right.\" \"What're you doing?\" Forrest paused. What was he doing? He didn't rightly know. His father had told him to stay close to the house so he'd been playing with Jack and Emmy all morning, rolling around with the two youngest Bondurants in the family room. But ever since he'd heard Belva tell their parents the girl'd woken up, his curiosity had been eating away at him. Forrest said nothing but found himself sitting down in the rocking chair. The floor squeaked as the chair moved back and forth, back and forth. The girl, Ellie May was her name, stared at him, one eyebrow raised. But still he gave no answer. \"You were good at English.\" \"Pardon me?\" \"In school,\" Forrest clarified. \"You always raised your hand when Mrs. McCullers asked for volunteers for grammar work and you liked reading to the class.\" Ellie May's cheeks flushed. She licked her chapped lips, the tip of her tongue gently scrapping her busted bottom lip. The iron taste of her own blood was unmistakable. \"You're good with numbers and equations,\" she fired back. \"When Mrs. McCullers sent you to the board you never missed a question.\" The teenagers gazed at one another, impressed at their shared observational skills. For a while they sat in a content silence, each sizing the other up. Forrest reckoned the girl could have been beautiful if she'd been fed properly and didn't have as many bruises as he did freckles. Ellie May figured he was handsome when he bathed and combed his hair. All of a sudden, the door opened further and their encounter was brought to an abrupt end. \"Forrest,\" his mother chided. \"What are you doing? Get out of here. Go!\" Forrest stood, his gaze never leaving Ellie May, and strode out of the room, his mother slapping the back of his head as he went. The woman closed the door behind her son, introducing Ellie May to the doctor, a Mr. Henry Cobbs. The physical examination was brief and awkward. Ellie May got a sense that the doctor was just as uncomfortable as she was. He commended Dorothy Bondurant for her work on Ellie May's scrapes and cuts, told Ellie May that'd she'd been in good hands. The doc also confirmed that her ankle was in fact broken. Or perhaps it was merely a bad fracture, he had frowned. \"Either way, we'll need to splint it. You'll to put up with crutches for a few days.\" They took her in to Rocky Mount where Dr. Cobbs splinted and wrapped her ankle at the small hospital, the only one around for nearly a hundred miles. Once there he also did a further inspection of her body. From what he could see, none of the damage done to Ellie May wouldn't heal on its' own. \"So you think she can still have kids, Henry?\" asked Granville Bondurant, who had gone with the girl and the doctor to town. Dr. Cobbs nodded, \"As of now, yes. I'd like you to come back in a few weeks, Miss Davis, so I can take another look at you, make sure everything's healing accordingly. Plus, I'll need to check on that ankle. I'm going to give you some medicine for the pain right now, but that's about all I can do.\" Once Ellie May was bandaged and given a shot of morphine, there was little else to be done. Granville drove her back to his farm where they sat in his truck for what seemed like an eternity to Ellie May. She glanced at the old man, followed his gaze out the truck window to where two of his children sat on the front porch playing with a deck of cards. \"As a father,\" he began slowly. \"I find it hard to understand how your daddy did what he done…but drinking does things to a man, changes him. You're in a tricky situation here, Miss Ellie May. How you handle this is up to you. Just know, should you ever need anywhere to go, we don't lock the front door.\" And there was nothing more to be said. Granville and Forrest drove her home later that evening after she'd had more time to rest. Forrest waited with her in the truck while his father knocked on the door of her once-beautiful country home. When her mother died, Ellie May's father let the place fall to ruin. Now it was little more than a shack. Her father answered the door many moments later, his eyes droopy and bloodshot. When Earl saw his daughter, he took a step down the porch but Granville blocked his path. The men talked in low tones, her father's words still a bit slurred. \"Why did you stop coming to school?\" Ellie May asked Forrest, attempting to divert her attention from their fathers. Forrest was also keeping a watchful eye on the men, waiting for the moment when her father stepped over the line and he would need to come to his father's aid. But there was no reason to let the girl know he expected this would come to blows. \"My brother Howard went to war. I had to replace him in the field, pick up the work he'd been doing on the farm.\" \"Have you heard from him since he left?\" Forrest's brow drew together. \"No.\" \"Do you know where he is stationed?\" \"Momma thinks England, but we don't know for sure.\" The exchange between their fathers seemed to be drawing to a close and when his father nodded to him, Forrest's chest tightened. This wasn't right. They shouldn't leave her here. How long would it be before he hurt her again? Would it be a month? A week? Or would he strike her again the moment their truck pulled down the mountain? He helped her from the truck, lifting the crutches Doc Cobbs had made her from the back. \"You got it?\" Ellie May nodded, wincing in pain, and Forrest was suddenly very anxious. He thought of saying something, of offering a smile, but instead he walked her to the porch and watched her disappear inside. His father turned to leave but Forrest was rooted to the spot. Granville clapped a hand on his son's shoulder, \"C'mon, Forrest, there ain't nothing we can do about it.\" Earl Davis lingered in the open doorway as the Bondurants returned to their truck. As they pulled away, Forrest glared at Ellie May's pathetic excuse of a father. According to Granville there was nothing they could do. Looking at the so-called man who'd raped and beaten his only daughter, all Forrest could think of were things to do. Horrible, God awful things. Oh, there were plenty of things they could do alright. Annechou59 asked if the book was as good as the movie. The book is better. While John Hillcoat did an amazing job with the film, as is the situation with any book-to-movie, a lot was left out. There is so much more to the story that the film just didn't have time to say. You learn a lot more about the characters, particularly Forrest and Howard. And what is very unique about this story is that it's real. Though it says 'based on a true story,' Matt wrote the book after talking for hours with his grandpa Jack and his granduncles. These are stories he heard as a young man, truths about his family's history, and it's just fantastic to read. So check out the book! Cause it's wonderful and any fan of the movie will really enjoy it.[Chapter 3] Spoilers! To those of you who plan on reading the book, let me apologize now. As previously stated, I'm taking a lot from the book, drawing greatly from the bits and pieces not covered in the movie. I really enjoy Matt Bondurant's lyrical quality and I'm really trying to shape the flow of the story in his style. Of course, I'm manipulating the scenes greatly to fight my version of the story, but I'm sorry for all the spoilers. Thank you again to everyone who's reading and reviewing. Your encouraging words are always welcomed and loved. Chapter Two: Two weeks passed and Forrest had neither seen nor heard a word about Ellie May Davis. And damn if he hadn't been keeping an ear out. Every spare moment Forrest had was spent lurking around his father's general store, eavesdropping on the five or six men who often gathered around the potbellied stove in the store's front to strike up conversations about the weather and crop failure that year. When it became obvious these men would be of no help, Forrest snuck away into town. He'd slow his gait on the dirt sidewalk as he passed giggling school girls discussing the latest dresses in the Sears catalog. He'd linger at the water fountain, eyeing the street for any sign of the petite brunette who'd been haunting his every thought. But it was to no avail, another week had passed and nothing. Forrest drove in to Rocky Mouth early one morning. An order of fertilizer had come in at the feed store and his father sent Forrest to fetch it. They bought a dozen bundles, about forty pounds each, and it took Forrest the better part of an hour to load the order. Heaving the last sack over his shoulder, Forrest tossed the fertilizer into the truck bed and heaved a sigh. He snagged the rope from the cab and was tying down the bundles when he saw her. After three weeks of practically hunting the woman down, he'd finally found her and it was on accident. A frown wormed its way onto his lips as he realized she was heading for the hospital . I should go home , thought Forrest. Ain't none of my business. Go home, Forrest. Leave her alone. I shoul- Aw, hell, what would it hurt? Ellie May didn't look all that surprised to see Forrest stomping down the hospital corridor, his thundering footfalls heavy on the ancient floorboards. When he reached her room, he stood there awkwardly and, albeit, somewhat abashedly. It was Doc Cobbs that spoke first, \"Forrest, can I help you?\" \"Uhh,\" he grumbled, thrusting his hands into his pockets. Ambling a few steps closer, he spoke to Ellie May, \"I saw you walkin' in here.\" \"I know,\" she said simply. \"I saw you at the feed store.\" \"Did you walk all the way here?\" She nodded, wincing as the doctor rotated and stretched her ankle. The splint had been removed and Forrest realized she'd walked all this way on a bad ankle, and in the snow no less. \"What happened to the crutches?\" \"Got off'em last week.\" \"Mhmm,\" murmured Forrest. \"Alright…well, come outside when y'all finish up and I'll give you a ride home.\" \"You don't have t-\" began Ellie May but the Bondurant boy had already turned on his heel and marched out. Ellie May frowned as Dr. Cobbs gave a quiet chuckle, \"Might as well do as he says. The Bondurants are a stubborn bunch.\" Twenty minutes later Ellie May walked out of the hospital and found Forrest sitting on the front steps. As she descended the stairs, Forrest stood but said nothing, walking ahead to open the truck door for her. They drove north towards Blackwater Creek, the truck weighed down by nearly five hundred pounds of fertilizer as Forrest navigated the winding dirt roads. As they drove the roar of the engine was deafening. The noise was about to drive Ellie May mad. She crossed her hands in her lap and cleared her throat, \"Dr. Cobbs said my ankle has completely healed already.\" Forrest glanced at her, slightly startled by the sudden sound of her voice. He eyed the faint scar running across her left cheek, the only remaining trace of her father's brutal attack. When he said nothing, Ellie May continued, \"You know I was perfectly fine walking, but I appreciate the ride.\" \"You shouldn't have walked all this way. It's nearly fifteen miles to Rocky Mount from our farm. Even further from yours,\" chided Forrest. He surprised himself. He didn't usually get on to other people, except Jack. He figured it wasn't his place; he wasn't anybody's father. But he reckoned she needed to hear it. \"I didn't have a lot of other choices,\" snapped Ellie May in response. The venom in her voice was unmistakable and Forrest knew he'd crossed a line. It wasn't exactly a secret around town that her father had sold their only truck four months back to buy pay off a gambling debt. They had no horses, no other way of transportation. Why hadn't he remembered that? He thought about apologizing but kept quiet as usual. Again the intense rumbling of the engine was the only sound and Forrest found himself continually stealing glances at the small girl only a few inches away from him. \"Do you like the radio?\" \"What?\" \"Radio. You like listening to it?\" Ellie May's brows drew together. \"Doesn't everybody?\" \"Guess so,\" he mumbled, flicking on the truck's radio. The truck only picked up one station – a sports broadcasting out of Richmond that usually covered baseball games but occasionally played music or gave the news. The station came in clear enough with only bits of static here and there. At the moment, Irving Berlin's \"You'd Be Surprised\" occupied the station. Forrest didn't much like music from the city; he preferred the country sounds, banjos and mandolins, but Ellie May seemed to enjoy it. Her slender fingers tapped on the truck door, her foot jiggling in the floor. Out the corner of her eye Ellie May saw Forrest grinning at her. \"What?\" she asked. But as usual, the Bondurant boy ignored her question, eyes steady on the road ahead. Pursing her lips, Ellie May peered out the window, watching the chestnut trees blur as they sped by. Occasionally, she'd spot a deer or a rabbit, but mostly the woods were clear, animals burrowing in for the winter. Neither of the teenagers spoke for the rest of the ride and soon her house appeared along the horizon, easily seen through the barren trees. Forrest's gaze narrowed when he threw the truck into park. His jaw stiffened, his grip on the steering wheel tightening. He scanned the property, looking in the windows, searching the yard. He almost asked if her father was home, but Forrest knew the answer would only agitate his anger. If he wasn't home, that meant he was out drinking and being a no'count shit. And something told Forrest if she said, \"Yes, my father is home,\" Forrest wouldn't have been able to stop himself from climbing that porch and giving Earl Davis a piece of his mind. Or his fist. Hell, maybe he'd be generous and give him both. Ellie May thanked him quietly for the ride once again, her hand still above the door handle. She looked anxious, as if she were waiting for him to speak; but ole Forrest merely dipped his head and gave a quick smile that looked more like a grimace. And then she was gone. He waited for a while in the drive, staring up at the ramshackle house as if hoping her father would appear and beg for a lesson on how to treat his daughter. It wasn't until a light snow began to fall that he brought the truck back to life and returned down the mountain. Halfway home blizzard force winds began to brew. He debated on whether or not to stop and put snow chains on the tires. But the little, white flakes swirled around him making the world go white. It would been nearly impossible trying to line up the chains to the tires if he couldn't see, so Forrest had to chug it on home going about two damn miles an hour. Forrest unloaded the fertilizer round the back of the yard. By the time the truck bed was empty his fingers and nose were numb, his teeth damn near chattering. \"Hey, Forrest, where ya been?\" asked Jack the moment he walked in the door. Forrest said nothing, heading straight for the stove in the family room. His father sat in his chair bouncing his little sister Emmy on his lap. Belva and Era were sitting on the course rug in front of the stove, conspiring, laughing, and speaking their own language. Spotting their brother, the girls scooted to the side to allow him to get closer to the stove and warm up. \"Forrest,\" his father greeted, his bouncing knee coming to a stop. Emmy swayed precariously on his lap, reaching out to grab his hands and steady herself. \"Did'ja get the load?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"What took you so long? You've been gone for hours,\" asked Era, giggling. \"We were beginning to think you got lost.\" \"I ran into Ellie May Davis,\" he said, speaking more so to their father than to Era. \"She was seeing the doc.\" \"How is she?\" Belva asked. Forrest lifted a shoulder, \"Ankle's better…her face has scarred.\" Belva frowned, \"She was so pretty, too.\" \"I wonder if she's coming to the Mitchell's place Friday,\" pondered Era. Era was referring to Liam and Stella Mitchell, a couple that had moved to the Blackwater area six years ago. Every summer they'd freeze their stock of corn and hold a corn shucking picnic right before Thanksgiving. Jack, who'd trailed into the room after Forrest, plopped down on the couch, \"What's Friday?\" \"The Mitchell's shucking,\" answered Belva offhandedly. This, of course, was a mistake, as the Bondurants were forced to sit through another one of Jack's episodes. Often the youngest Bondurant boy was left out, as he was not yet old enough to tag along with his siblings. This fact did not sit over well with Jack and he usually threw a tantrum; a tantrum that usually ended up in a good whooping. \"Give it a rest, Jack,\" their mother advised, sweeping into the room. She set down a tray of hot chocolate and the Bondurants dove for the steaming mugs. As they gathered around the stove, Forrest thought about the shucking. Before the war, Howard and Forrest would often escort their sisters to such events but Forrest found it wasn't nearly as fun without his older brother. Yet, Forrest couldn't help but wonder if Ellie May would be there. By the time their mugs were empty and their bellies warm, Forrest had all but convinced himself to go. Belva, Era, and Forrest arrived at the Mitchell place as the sun was going pink on the horizon and the shucking was nearly complete. Men stood at a long table of sawhorses and planks, ripping through the corn and tossing the husks into cribs hammered together out of birch logs and old sheet metal. The afternoon was chilly and the air sweet with the smell of the knobby vegetable. The men were laughing and slapping bare arms as they shucked at top speed. The younger men, most of them around Forrest's age, stomped their heavy boots in the snow and sand \"Old Phoebe,\" shouting the cadenced words in the direction of the house where the wives were preparing supper. Just two years ago Forrest would have been among them, arm in arm, heaving his chest out and singing in his rough voice. But nowadays it just didn't seem quite the same. Besides, tonight he was on a mission. His sisters dove into the hoard of dancers, spinning and twirling with the best of 'em. Forrest stood against the barn wall with a few childhood colleagues, Tom Cundiff and the like. Talmedge Jamison and his buddies were there, picking at a few fiddles, working through \"Billy in the New Ground\" while people slapped their hands in time to the music. Forrest scanned the crowd. Beside him, Tom Cundiff kicked at a stray husk. \"How ya been, Forrest?\" Forrest ignored the question, choosing to ask one of his own. \"How's your paw?\" Tom's father had been diagnosed with diphtheria that fall. Doctors said he wasn't likely to make it through the winter. \"Shit,\" Tom grinned. He spat at the ground, bits of chewing tobacco splattering on his boots. \"Can't nothin' kill that old man. Just yesterday he was…\" Forrest was an excellent multi-tasker. He was able to hear every word out of Tom's mouth without really hearing him. Instead, he observed the farmers and their families, passive as ever. So far there was no sign of Ellie May but there was a steady stream of women trickling in and out of the barn. It was possible she was in the house, possible but not likely. But Forrest was a patient man, so he waited, leaning against the side of the barn while Tom and his pals talked shit. There came a volley of shouts and cheers from the shucker's table. A man named Wingfield was holding up the sport, the red-colored ear that he'd shucked. It was the only one of the night and as tradition went, it meant he could kiss any one of the young woman he wanted. Wingfield was in his early twenties and he'd sometimes played together with Howard as kids down in Snow Creek. He had grown into a proud young man who talked with his hands and sported starched collars or brim hats. He had gone all the way through high school and on to the University of Virginia. Wingfield's family was originally from Shootin' Creek but when he'd returned from school he acted like he was merely visiting the backwater before assuming his rightful place among the first families of Virginia. Jamison and the other musicians took a break as Wingfield marched about the barn, holding the red-eared corn like a torch. A short troop of men followed Wingfield, hooting and hollering. Belva stood in the corner with Emmy and a few of their friends. She was about Wingfield's age and as he passed, Belva giggled, pushing her hair back, and Forrest saw his sister light up with some kind of giddiness. As Wingfield came toward her, Forrest felt a flare of rage, but was relieved when the troop of singing men passed her by. Relieved, that was, until he saw the small quiver in Belva's cheeks, the way she took a breath and thrust out her chin, Era's comforting hand winding its way to her sister's shoulder. Oh, Lord, Belva, thought Forrest, pity for his eldest sister swelling within him. Forrest started toward her and there was a great roar from Wingfield's group; he had chosen a girl to kiss and the young people crowded in a circle to watch. Forrest said hello to the group of girls as he approached but they were too interested in whom Wingfield was kissing, up on their toes to see. Belva was not so interested, however, and smiled sadly at her little brother. Forrest, taller than anyone there, could see right into the circle where Wingfield held the arms of a short, brunette girl. \"Why, that's Ellie May,\" said Era suddenly and Forrest couldn't help but hiss underneath his breath, \" Son of a bitch .\" Forrest watched as Wingfield made a great display of it, gripping Ellie May by her elbows and ducking in a few times, making feints, drawing shouts from the crowd. Ellie May did not look pleased, the lines of her face tight with irritation. \"Just do it, already. You're wasting my time,\" she quipped, eye brow raised. Wingfield paused, seemingly baffled by her utter lack of excitement. There was an awkward moment, the crowd growing quiet, but Wingfield hastily recovered and winked at the men next to him. He tucked his head in and kissed her firmly. Rage, hot and molten like lava, flooded Forrest's veins. The Bondurant boy hadn't realized he'd stepped forward until Era wrapped her fingers around his wrist. When Wingfield backed away Ellie May's eyes blazed and he let go of her arms, stepping back, uncertain but determined to make a good show. Then the men bore Wingfield away and the girls clapped loudly, briefly crowding around Ellie May who ducked out the back of the barn. As she escaped, Forrest caught sight of her neck which was flamed red, the tips of her ears burning pink. There were no thoughts for Forrest, only instincts, as his feet carried him after her. The barn lay in a sloping hollow of open pastures with a narrow creek running cross the south corner behind the barn. Cars and trucks filled the closest quarter of the pasture with a few horse carts courtesy of the Dunkards, the Amish folk from Burnt Chimney. Women leaned against car fenders with their arms crossed, looking at the men who stood in front of them, hands in pockets, rocking slightly in place. Other men perched on the hoods or tailgates and passed around a jar of stump whiskey, laughing and slapping one another with dusty hats. The night had cooled even more, a winter haze in the air. There was no moon out but plenty of starlight to see. It was a beautiful night. Forrest followed Ellie May's footprints in the snow, passed the line of cars and down the slope to the stream. The young girl had brushed the snow off a large rock that jutted out from the earth beside the creek. Part of the mountain, Forrest guessed. She was shivering a bit, her eyes glazed over as she stared at the flowing water. \"You're gonna freeze,\" declared Forrest as he approached. There he went again, chiding her like she wasn't grown. \"It got a bit hot in there.\" \"Wingfield's an ass.\" The corners of her mouth tilted upward. \"Who are you telling?\" Forrest peeled off his coat, a thin brown cardigan that was a hand-me-down from Howard. Without a word, he draped it over her shoulders. It wasn't much but Forrest figured it was better than nothing. She took it wordlessly, eyeing him like he'd grown another head. Forrest gestured the rock beside her. \"Mind if I sit?\" \"Go on.\" Forrest dusted the snow off, his fingers growing cold instantly. When he sat down a jolt shot up his spine and he whistled low. Shit if that boulder wasn't cold. He blew a plume of steaming breath into the air, almost regretting handing over his sweater. Ellie May asked, \"What are you doing out here, Forrest?\" \"Came to sit with you,\" he said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. She frowned. \"Yeah, well, I got that, but why? Look, don't take this the wrong way. I appreciate what you and your family did for me, but I don't need a babysitter. It might not have seemed like it that night but I can take care of myself.\" \"Oh, I don't doubt that,\" grinned Forrest before he could stop himself. The hellfire burning in her eyes when she'd glared at Wingfield was enough evidence of that. \"I'm serious, Forrest.\" \"So am I…I don't mean no harm, Ellie May. I just find you interesting, s'all.\" \"Interesting?\" she repeated. \"What in the hell do you find interesting?\" Forrest shrugged truthfully. \"I don't rightly know. Reckon I'd try and figure it out.\" \"You're impossible.\" She rolled her eyes. Ellie May crossed her ankles, pulling Forrest's cardigan tighter around her. She shot him an incredulous look, \"Think you can be quiet? I'd like a peaceful moment or two. You can stay if you're quiet. If not you best get up now and go. Either way, though, I'm keeping the sweater.\" Once more, the Bondurant boy gave a lazy grin. He nodded, not speaking a word as if to prove his point. Ellie May knew Forrest was only trying to be a gentleman. When he looked at her, he saw a little girl who needed lookin' after. Because his daddy had raised him to do the right thing, Forrest figured it was his responsibility to take care of her since no one else would. Ellie May wasn't clueless; she knew that was why he'd driven her home that day, why he'd followed her out here tonight. He was only doing what he thought was right. But she didn't require, nor did she desire, a handler. And damn if there just wasn't something about Forrest that made her manners vanish. Ellie May was never so blunt, so rude, but with Forrest it was practically a natural reflex. She tried to study him discreetly. His face was impassive as he gazed at the water, the stream not quite frozen yet. He was hunched forward at an inward angle drawing his body close to conserve heat. He must've been freezing. She knew she was and here she'd taken his jacket. Pressing her arm to his for warmth, she fought the blush rising in her cheeks when he looked at her. There was something kind of beautiful about Forrest Bondurant. Maybe it was the way his lips were almost feminine, too large, too puckered. Or perhaps it was his eyes, the way they seemed to say more than his mouth ever would. \"We should head back before we freeze to death,\" advised Ellie May in a gentle whisper. Forrest nodded but neither moved. Ellie May found her eyes repeatedly taking fleeting glances at Forrest's lips. She briefly wished it had been Forrest who'd found the red-colored corn. As if hearing her thoughts, Forrest leaned forward ever so slightly. If she turned her head to the right, her nose would brush his. His breath was warm on her cheek and she was drawn to the heat. Their cheeks grazed and Ellie May shivered, suddenly feeling faint. Was he ever going to kiss her? \"Aye! Forrest! S'hat you?!\" The slurred shouting made Ellie May jump. She nearly went sliding off the rock into the river but Forrest caught her by the wrist and turned to holler, \"Piss off, Tommy! Go home!\" Forrest looked at Ellie May. He knew whatever moment they'd had was gone. The young man wasn't sure whether to feel disappointed or relieved, so he settled for confused, standing and guiding Ellie May back up the creek bank. Forrest asked if she had a ride home. Ellie May replied that she'd come with a few girlfriends from school, but only after growling, \"I just told you I don't need a babysitter!\" There were about half a dozen less vehicles in the pasture and the noise from the barn had quieted impressively. The sky ahead darkened and as they drew inside, Forrest tipped his hat to her. \"I'll see you around, Ellie May.\" The young girl gave an annoyed frown. \"I'm sure you will, Forrest.\" Show of hands, how many of you would faint if Forrest Bondurant planted a kiss on you? Yeah, me too. As always, I hope you enjoyed it! Be sure to leave me a review and let me know what you think![Chapter 4] Beware! This chapter's a bit sad but I'm a sucker for a happy ending, so don't worry. I think that's why I enjoyed Lawless so much. Throughout the film you have all these awful things happening and the characters you love getting hurt. But in spite of everything they go through, they have the happiest ending ever. Very surprising for such an intense movie. As usual a round of applause to: annechou59, . , jewelswriter, Kay1104, 1986, ozlady80, IHeartJensen, Superdani a.k.a Gillian Smith, country strong '89, Gaara-frenzy, Taci, Narrie, and savyleec. You people are seriously awesome and never fail to bring a smile to my face. Thank you so much. For those interested in the real story, the lovely jewelswriter suggests you check out \"The Great Moonshine Conspiracy Trail of 1935\" by T. Keister. I haven't read it myself but I've heard a lot of good reviews for it. Matt Bondurant refers to it several times and he used it to write his own novel. Sadly, though, as jewelswriter pointed out, the \"Trail\" book sort of takes away a lot of the mythical, holy-shit-those-dudes-were-badass ideals away from the story. Still, a good read so don't be afraid to check it out. Chapter Three The Sunday service at Snow Creek Baptist had ran long as Reverend Talbot preached one of his favorite sermons – gratitude for the Lord's many blessings. It was the Sunday following Thanksgiving and the congregation had expected as much. The Reverend was typically long winded, anyhow. As the service drew to a close, Ellie May fidgeted in the church pew, her eyes downcast in humiliation. She felt the pointed stares, heard the hushed whispers. Women in the congregation spoke behind their King James, muttering about her busted lip and bruised face. She wanted desperately to bolt out of the pew. To run out of the church and seek refuge in the forest, only to eventually die of overwhelming embarrassment. But in the past, that had only made matters worse. Ellie May was forced to remain seated and do what she did best – endure. Beside her, her father was slumped pathetically in the pew. He reeked of stale vomit and sweat. His clothes were rumpled and dirty, his hair disheveled. She didn't know why he even bothered coming to church. When Reverend Talbot dismissed his flock, Ellie May waited as her father gathered his bearings. He grunted, rising with great difficulty, his legs wobbling beneath him. His daughter sighed. It was going to be a long walk home. The Bondurant family huddled just outside the church doors. They stood in a large cluster with their neighbors, the Brodies, talking politely while the younger children ran around the adults, chasing one another and giggling merrily. Ellie May lowered her gaze to her feet as they passed. She trembled under the pressure of the burning gaze on her back. His stare bore into her, unrelenting, until she and her father reached the edge of the woods and were hidden by the clustering trees. Ellie May knew Forrest blamed himself for what happened. But really, it was her own fault. See, after their strange encounter at the Mitchell place, Ellie May was determined to avoid the country boy. He was going to be nothing but trouble, and she knew it. As it was, Forrest quickly realized she was evading him and sought to thwart her efforts immediately. Monday morning Forrest offered to drive Jack and Cricket to school, rather than make them walk, even if it meant he'd be an hour behind on his chores. There was only one school in Blackwater Creek. It was nestled in the watery brook where Snow Creek ran into Maggodee and stood encased in a half circle of giant chestnut trees. Forrest wasn't fooling anyone when he arrived with the boys Monday. Least of all Ellie May. \"Are you here to check on me?\" Forrest raised a brow. \"Should I be? I thought you didn't need a babysitter. I was just here to drop off my brother and his friend.\" Forrest returned again Tuesday expecting to be met with a fair share of anger from Ellie May. Instead, he found her waiting patiently for him outside the school house. But she was not waiting to see him; rather, she was merely returning his sweater, the one he'd lent her Friday night. When the school closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, Ellie May assumed she would get a small reprieve from Forrest's company. His recent preoccupation as her personal nuisance was draining. Her mental sky was perpetually clouded by distracting day dreams and puzzling thoughts about the insistent boy. Not seeing him for a few days would give her a chance to breathe again. Thursday morning she snuck out early. Holidays were extremely hard for Earl Davis. They did nothing for him but resurrect feelings about his long gone wife. He usually started holidays off in a drunken rage, his anger merely progressing as the day went on. Ellie May had learned hurriedly the best way to deal with Earl on a holiday was to simply not be there at all. With a quilt under one arm and a picnic basket in the other, she set off for the deer stand. She spent the morning rotating between nibbling on the small Thanksgiving supper she'd prepared herself and napping. It was around noon when she woke to find the deer standing shaking. Fearing the worst, she cautiously peered down. Expecting to see her father, Ellie May couldn't help but feel thankful when she saw that it was only Forrest. She peered down at him in astonishment. \"How did you find me?\" Forrest answered her question with a question, something she would come to realize that he did quite often. \"Have you ever caught fireflies in a jar?\" \"You came all the way up here to ask if I've ever caught fireflies? Bullshit, Forrest,\" she snapped. Forrest said nothing. He stood, patient in the snow, his gaze as unwavering as ever. All of a sudden she was seething with anger. Ellie May abandoned her quilt and slid off the edge of the deer stand. She poked his chest roughly. \"You've got to stop this. I'm serious! Do you think this is easy? Do you think I like being his personal target? Do you think I enjoy watching my father become a monster? I hate it! It's miserable and exhausting and it's only getting worse. It's hard enough trying to deal with this as is it but…but when other people start to…Forrest, I just can't. Please, you have to stop.\" Ellie May had begun to cry as she spoke, tears slipping silently down her cheeks. She hastily wiped her tears away with the back of her hand. Shame swelled inside her. She hadn't meant to yell, nor had she meant to lose her composure. Ellie May hadn't cried since her mother died. \"No,\" she murmured quietly in answer to his question, a beat later. \"I have never caught a firefly.\" The surrounding woods had stilled, the white world around them sinking into the late afternoon. Ellie May shivered, but not from the cold. Forrest pinned her with such an intense stare that she quivered, unable to meet his gaze. A flush rose to her skin. Embarrassed by her outburst, she pleaded, \"Say something.\" Forrest licked his lips, glancing away. In a very offhand manner, he told her, \"Happy Thanksgiving.\" She snorted. Was he being sarcastic? \"Happy Thanksgiving to you, too.\" \"I want to take you to catch fireflies.\" \"Why?\" \"I think you'd like it,\" he said honestly. Ellie May wasn't quite sure what to say. She shuffled her feet in the snow, \"Does your family know you're here?\" \"Does it matter?\" She shrugged. \"Suppose not…are you hungry? I've got some cornbread and dressing.\" They ate in the deer stand, both leaning against the tree trunk off which the platform was built. Ellie May was bundled in her quilt, Forrest's warm side leaning into her. They did not speak. Ellie May could sense that Forrest often had silent moments in the company of others. The silence did not offer discomfort. As a matter of fact, the young girl sort of liked it in spite of herself. When the food was gone, Forrest thanked her, complimented her cooking, and jumped from the stand. He left without a word. Much to her chagrin, her father was wide awake when she returned. He hatefully sneered at her. \"Saw yo' friend drive by…the Bondurant boy. I done told ya you ain't got no damn business with them! Ain't a one of them worth a shit.\" \"That's not true,\" bit Ellie May defensively. How dare he! The Bondurants were a good, honest family. They took care of her, saved her life from the very man speaking ill of them. \"You don't know them.\" Her father's nostrils flared. \"Are you back talking me?\" Earl Davis stood with a surprising stability for someone who'd drank nearly three gallons of mule that day. Earl wasn't a tall man. He was stout but built like an ox, thick with muscle and packed fat. Ellie May tried not to show her fear as he loomed over her, \"No, sir.\" \"Huh. Cause it sounded like you were…but you wouldn't do that. You're a little chicken shit.\" He snatched her jaw in a painfully tight grip, yanking her toward him. He ranked her with a repulsed sneer before shoving her away. \"You are nothing. Go fetched me some beans and ham.\" \"I can't.\" \"Why the hell not?\" \"You ate the last of 'em yesterday.\" \"No, I didn't.\" He had; he was simply too drunk to remember it. \"Well there's none left in there now. There's a pork chop in the cooler. If you want, I can fry it-\" \"I want my fucking ham!\" he roared, tossing his empty cigarette roll on the floor. She didn't bother to try and fight him. Her meager strength was useless against men like her father. Nor did she try and sprint to her room, locking herself away. He'd just come at her door with an ax. The first blow landed across her cheek. The second, her right eye. The third, her mouth. Her lip split open, blood bursting from the jagged seam torn in her lip. It slid over her chin, down her neck, and pooled on the collar of her dress. Her eyes watered from the pain and she struggled to breathe. Thankfully, his hunger seemed to overpower his rage and he left her, barreling toward the kitchen in search of food. The following morning Earl sent her to town to pick up another ham. A few girls inside the grocer had recognized Ellie May from the corn shucking. As her kiss with Wingfield was still a popular topic of interest, it didn't take long for word to spread about her new injuries. That was four days ago and come that Sunday morning service, Forrest was ready to rupture with worry. When he saw Ellie May's battered face as she entered the church he grew murderous. She had been right after all; Forrest genuinely ached to help the poor girl but he'd only made it worse. She'd refused to even look at him when she left church, trailing pitifully after her stumbling father. He couldn't blame her. So Forrest tried to leave it alone. He threw himself into his work in the field, burying the anger deep inside, burying his need for justification on her behalf. \"Daddy, we have to do something,\" Era Bondurant said one night. She was tired of doing nothing while her little brother tormented himself. More importantly, she liked Ellie May and what was happening to her was awful. \"What can we do?\" asked their father solemnly. He was just as unsettled by this mess as his children, but there was only so much to be done. \"Why doesn't she come live with us?\" \"What?\" squeaked Belva, who'd been half listening as she wrung out the laundry. \"She can use Howard's room. She won't be a burden; she can help around the house. You know she does all the housekeeping in her home. Plus, she's good with children, always helping the younger ones at school.\" Era grinned the full gravity of her suggestion hit her. Era loved attaching herself to Belva's side. She loved conspiring with her older sister, knitting and chatting about things only a fellow young woman could comprehend. Ellie May could be another sister. Another wonderful companion and secret conspirator. \"Oh, daddy, please!\" \"What makes you think her father would let her stay with us?\" demanded Belva. \"You saw what he did to her face just because she talked to Forrest.\" The screen door abruptly slammed. No one had seen Forrest coming up the porch, had heard him slip into the kitchen. Belva winced, eyes growing wide in horror. \"Daddy…daddy, I'm sorry…I didn't realize he was…\" Their father said nothing. Keeping away from Ellie May was much harder than Forrest had anticipated. Nearly every night his sleep was plagued with nightmares about her abuse and pain, his days haunted with gripping thoughts. He knew his mind was being unreasonable. He hardly knew the girl; sure they'd gone to school together and had talked a few times, but that was it. Still, Forrest knew it wasn't so much about Ellie May herself as the principle of the matter. Though, he couldn't argue that he'd enjoyed the time he'd spent with her. She was soft and sort of proper, but fiery, too. She didn't attempt to carry useless conversation or bother him with trivial matters. She accepted his silence and greeted him warmly with one of her own and he'd liked that. He'd liked it a lot. A week had passed since Thanksgiving, since the church service. Impressed that he'd made it this long, Forrest thought he deserved to treat himself. \"Hey, Jackie, c'mere!\" he called to his baby brother. Jack scampered off the porch and ran to the barn. He screeched to a halt at his brother's side. He beamed, \"Yeah, Forrest?\" \"Ellie May been at school this week?\" Jack nodded vigorously. \"Mhmm. Sure has. She helped me with my sentences Wednesday. I couldn't figure it out but she was real nice.\" Forrest paused. \"Did she now?\" Pride rose within him. She'd helped Jack. His brother. She'd seen him struggling and took care of it. \"Yeah. She helped Eugene, too, but he still don't get it. Aw, he's stupid, anyhow. Her face looks real nice and pretty again, you know. The bruise done gone away. Say, you think she…\" Jack continued to ramble, plopping down on a wood bench in the barn while his brother fed the pigs, cows, and chickens. Jack loved his old brother dearly. Forrest was Jack's best friend. Well, him and Cricket, and Jack looked up to Forrest in the way that only a child could. In Jack's eyes Forrest could do no wrong. Jack decided he would watch out for Ellie May at school. Though he didn't quite understand why, he knew she was important to Forrest and Jack wanted to help. He would like a cowboy, scouting the desert to make sure it was safe for his men. When Ellie May wasn't at school the next day Jack felt extremely let down. His one chance to prove himself to his brother and she'd ruined it. Jack would later find out that Ellie May had purposely not gone to school. She'd gone to seek out Forrest and to tell him she was sorry. She was sorry he'd blamed himself and sorry that she'd tried avoiding him. Jack was never given specific details but that was the day that everything changed. That day Ellie May and Forrest decided that they needed each other in their lives. Forrest needed a bigger purpose in life than growing cabbage and tobacco. Ellie May needed a defender, protection against her father. They could do that for each other. She would be his purpose, he would be her protector. Dorothy Bondurant invited Ellie May to supper with the family that night. They gathered at the long kitchen table just after dusk. The meal was simple but delicious and it warmed Ellie May to her core. This was what a family was supposed to be. No violence or hurt, only love and warmth. Ellie May was tremendously envious but she was also grateful. Later when Forrest drove her home she told him so, professing how dear she thought his family to be. \"They're alright,\" he said humbly. He parked at the end of her drive, careful not to be spotted by her father. Ellie May turned to face him, \"Thank you, Forrest.\" For everything. The Bondurant boy nodded and Ellie May leaned across the seat to place a quick, innocent kiss to his cheek. \"Good night.\" \"Ellie,\" he caught her wrist. \"What're you doin' tomorrow?\" The petite girl shrugged. \"I have school but…why?\" \"I still got to take you firefly huntin'.\" \"Why do you wanna go catch those damn lightening bugs so bad?\" \"I done told you. I think you'd like it. I'm gone take you, tomorrow,\" he decided. \"I'll pick you up from school, you just be ready to go.\" \"Do I get a choice?\" Ellie May asked, but somehow she already knew the answer. She slipped from the truck, shutting the door with a grin. Bits of snow fell off the roof of the truck and she shook the white flakes from her hair. \"Tomorrow, then.\" And he was gone. A hint about the next chapter: there's romance! Finally! Cause trust me, I'm just as ready for it as you guys are.[Chapter 5] This chapter was super fun to write for a number of reasons. The firefly bit was just too cute to imagine and the ending is really powerful in a number of ways. At least, I think so. Hopefully you all will agree. Enjoy. Chapter Four As promised Forrest was waiting in the dirt lot outside the school when class let out. He was leaning against the hood of the truck, his fedora pulled low over his eyes effectively blocking the afternoon sun. He graced Ellie May with a faint smile as she approached. He popped open her door, offering a hand to help her into the truck. \"You got everything?\" Ellie May held up her one school book, her pencil tucked neatly behind her ear. \"This is it.\" They drove north through Rocky Mouth toward Burnt Chimney to the steep mountain called Grassy Hill. Ellie May had never been to Grassy Hill, as the summit was usually reserved for mountain men who had their mule stills scattered across the deep slopes. Being there gave her a rush of excitement. The mountain was almost forbidden to people like her but Forrest brought her in, included her in this exclusive world. He stopped the truck halfway up the mountain's face and apologized, she would have to do a bit of walking. The Bondurant boy led her through the thick woods to a high plateau that during the summer would sprout tall grass and black huckleberry bushes. Now the plateau lay out, enveloped in a blanket of snow interrupted by huge limestone slabs that erupted from the Earth. Forrest took the wooden crate he'd tucked under his arm and dropped it in the snow. He draped a quilt over one of the flatter slabs and told Ellie May to have a seat. She watched, fascinated by his strength and precision, as Forrest sliced holes in the top of several mason jars with a rusty pocket knife. \"Be careful,\" she whined, the very sight of the knife making her nervous. Forrest glanced at her and raised a sarcastic brow, as if to say, 'Huh, the thought of being careful with a switchblade never crossed my mind.' Ellie May bit her lip and shrugged. \"Sorry.\" \"Don't got nothin' to apologize for,\" he grumbled, stabbing jar after jar. They laid on the slab and waited for the sky to darken. Slowly the light blue faded into black, a never-ending stretch revealing a milky band of stars. A full moon shone hung low and Ellie May felt that if she stood on her tiptoes she could reach out and grab it off the mountain. A night chill flowed through the birch trees and swept over them. Here, it was as if they were completely separate from the world. There was nothing but that little mountain clearing. Nothing but Ellie May and Forrest. Forrest could feel the presence of the woman lying next to him in the snow like a hole in his chest. He struggled to breathe, to focus his thoughts. He felt suddenly naked and he shivered, blaming the cold . No going back now , he thought, and he sat up as a flicker of bright yellow light caught his eye. He gently nudged Ellie May. \"There,\" he murmured, pointing at the edge of the plateau. \"See 'em?\" First there was one, then two and three, a fourth. And then there were dozens. The little bud-like bugs lit up, their tiny bodies blinking with yellow light, as they flew in circles and zig-zagging patterns. Not five minutes passed and they consumed the entire clearing. Ellie May gasped, her lips spreading into a wide grin. She had never seen anything like it. \"They are so many,\" she whispered, her fingers reaching out into the winter air. They flew around her in a swirl, dipping under her arms and zipping by in front of her face. \"Why are they all here? Shouldn't they be hibernating?\" Forrest nodded, \"Should be…you remember a couple'a years ago we had that heat wave during winter? Well, folks reckon the heat got the fireflies all back'erds. This bunch of 'em started hibernating that spring when it cooled down. Now they burrow in for the spring and summer, and come out during fall and winter.\" Ellie May looked at him with wide, hopeful eyes. \"Can we catch one now?\" Forrest grinned, his chest heaving with joy. \"That's what we're here to do, ain't it?\" He handed her a mason jar after unscrewing the lid. \"You gotta be real slow and careful. Watch 'em, 'cause they're easy to hurt. Now, I'm gonna get 'em to you. You get 'em in the jar.\" For hours they moved about the field, catching and releasing lightening bugs. Turns out Ellie May was awful at it. She was either too quick and scared the fireflies away; or too slow and missed them completely. But Forrest was patient with her. There was a surprising gentleness in the way he smiled when she missed one, nodding, 'S'alright.' He helped her with a deep focus, kind and thoughtful. She assumed he'd developed this sense of tolerance with his younger siblings and told him so. Forrest cracked a wide grin. \"Naw, Emmy don't require much and I can be rough with Jack. The patience came from Howard. Not much you can do about that boy.\" It was nearing one in the morning when a light snow began to fall. The little white flakes drifted down from the heavens, settling in their hair and on their sweaters. Forrest tilted his face toward the sky. \"We should be gettin' on now before the roads fill up.\" Ellie May nodded and went to twist the cap on her mason jar to release the fireflies. Forrest's hand covered her own. \"Leave it. Take 'em with you. They'll last a day or two in there before you gotta let 'em go.\" Ellie May peered at the three lightening bugs flying in circles inside the jar, their bodies twinkling on and off. \"Really? It won't hurt them?\" \"Naw, they'll be fine. Just make sure you don't cover up the air holes.\" The trek back to the truck turned their noses red, their cheeks pink, and when Ellie May slid into the cab she shivered and drew her knees up. She greedily took the quilt from the crate and covered herself, cradling the mason jar of fireflies to her chest. \"I wonder how they light up,\" she mumbled quizzically as Forrest set out the snow chains for the tires and cleared the frost off the windows. \"Do you need any help?\" \"Nope. Stay in the truck, warm up,\" he grunted, heaving the rusty chains to the front of the truck. He lined them up with the tires and drove into them. Making sure they were secure, Forrest slid back behind the wheel and they were off. Ellie May studied his scruffy cheeks, flushed from the cold. Grinning, she reached over and gently ran her fingers through his hair, dusting out the white flakes of snow. Forrest jumped, the truck lurching to a stop. Her lips twitched as she suppressed a giggle, \"Sorry…you had a bit of snow there.\" When they reached her home, Forrest turned off the truck's headlights and stalled the engine. \"I, uh…er, I hope umm…\" Ellie May grinned as the Bondurant boy bashfully mumbled. Impulsively, she kissed his cheek, his short whiskers tickling her lips, \"I had a wonderful time, Forrest. Thank you. It was…amazing and just…fun. I haven't had a good time like that since I was a little girl.\" Forrest's skin tingled where her lips had just been. There was an unmistakable wrench in his gut. Like a prissy school girl, he fought the impulse to reach up and touch his cheek. Swallowing thickly, he cleared his throat. \"Would you like to have dinner with me and my family tomorrow?\" She beamed. \"I would love that very much.\" And so the following evening Ellie May joined the Bondurants around their kitchen table and took great pleasure in yet another fine meal. This, it would come to pass, would merely be one of many the suppers Ellie May would spend at the Bondurant home over the next several weeks. Her constant presence at their home began to worry Ellie May; she did not want to overstay her welcome or bother anyone. But Forrest argued that the more time Ellie May spent at their home, the less time she risked getting whelped on by her father. Forrest did everything in his power to keep her there. He coerced her into a wide variety of time consuming affairs from milking the cows to braiding Era's hair, to attending their family bonfires and tutoring Cricket in English. As Christmas neared the Bondurants began to look at Ellie May as a familiar, welcome face. It was understood and accepted that she was a part of them now. This strange change was met with no resistance, no bitterness, but rather open arms and comforting smiles. More than once it was hinted that Ellie May make her company permanent. It was Era who first voiced this concept to her. \"I told momma and daddy ages ago. You could take Howard's room, no problem. Nobody's been in their since he left anyhow.\" \"What happens when Howard comes home?\" asked Ellie May in a whisper. Era frowned, her eyes watering, \"If he comes home, you mean.\" There was no point in lying about the hope Ellie May felt when Era suggested she live with the Bondurants. This hope only grew when Granville and Dorothy told her they supported their daughter's suggestion. \"S'like I said, we don't lock the door,\" said Granville, his wife nodding at his side. Still, Ellie May wasn't a fool. There was still the issue of her father and she didn't expect a solution any time soon. So Ellie May merely smiled whenever it was mentioned as if to say, 'I wish…but we know better…' and the subject was dropped. But when she was alone, holed up on her deer stand, or lingering in the school house after class, she allowed herself to dream. To hope. Before anyone knew it, Christmas Eve had arrived and Ellie May stood at her father's stove cooking a Blackwater Creek holiday special – pulled pork in stump whiskey barbque sauce. Forrest had given her the whiskey, bought off a man in town who'd been making liquor since he was old enough to lip a bottle. The liquor was damn good and made a fine sauce. Ellie May hoped her father would like it. Pulled pork was one of his favorite meals and Ellie May had made it for him in hopes that it would soften the inevitable blows to come. Earl woke just as she pulled the meat off the hot stove. \"Why the hell are you cookin' so damn early?\" he grumbled as he stumbled into the kitchen. \"Been bangin' around in here since the sun came up.\" Ellie May neglected to point out that it was nearly noon. \"Smells good,\" he gruffed, poking around in the cooler for something to drink. \"What is it?\" \"Pulled pork. I was going to make us sandwiches for lunch. Is that alright?\" \"Suppose. Did'ju steal it?\" Ellie May's cheeks flushed. \"No, sir. We bought the pork last week.\" He hummed and began to nurse a half-empty bottle of Scotch he'd discovered in the recesses of the ice cooler. \"Come get me when it's done. I'll be on the porch.\" Ellie May let out a sigh of relief as he disappeared. So far so good; she only prayed he'd maintain his good mood. They ate in silence, Earl wolfing down his barbque like a starving man. When his hunger was sated, her father crawled off to the couch where he continued to knock back the Scotch and eventually drift off, his snores echoing off the confining walls of their home. The moment his eyes were closed Ellie May took off into the woods. Forrest was waiting at the deer stand, a wide rectangle of a box in hand. He grinned when he spotted her brunette head bobbing through the trees. \"Merry Christmas, Ellie May.\" \"It ain't Christmas yet. We still got one more day. Forrest, what is that? We said no presents!\" \"This isn't a present,\" he lied. \"It's a necessity.\" Ellie May pulled a face but took the box anyhow. They climbed up into the deer stand and Ellie May tentatively unwrapped the box. She lifted the lid and smirked. \"A necessity, huh?\" She withdrew the baby blue cardigan and held the soft material to her cheek. \"Figured it was the only way to get you to stop stealin' mine.\" \"It's beautiful, Forrest.\" She kissed his cheek, not a hair away from the corner of his mouth. \"Thank you. Well, your gift is at the house on account of I was saving it for Christmas Day.\" \"I thought we said no presents?\" he teased. The girl opposite him gave a sly shrug, \"What can I say? You're a bad influence on me.\" \"Me? The bad influence?\" \"Mhmm, everyone says so.\" \"Who's everyone?\" he snorted. \"Belva and Era.\" Forrest gave a great, barking laugh. \"Well, damn, that's all the authority you need.\" Ellie May slid off her faded white sweater and pulled on the cardigan. The cotton was smooth on her skin and radiated absolute warmth. A pleasurable shiver ran up her spine and Ellie May grinned. \"It's perfect. I love the color. Did your sisters help you pick it out?\" \"No. I am capable of making decisions on my own.\" When Ellie May shot him a disbelieving glance, he confessed. \"Momma helped.\" She giggled. \"I thought so. Either way, it was very thoughtful and I love it.\" Forrest's chest tightened. \"I'm glad.\" His mother had been right; the soft blue went wonderfully with her eyes and he couldn't stop staring. She was beautiful. Forrest didn't realize he'd brought his hand up to cup her face until Ellie May placed her petite hand over his. Her skin was so soft, so delicate. Brushing his thumb over her cheek, Forrest wondered if his coarse skin, made harsh from too many hours spent laboring in the sweat, heat, and Virginia clay, had ever felt smooth like hers. He seriously doubted it. \"Forrest,\" she mumbled, her eyes drifting shut. Ellie May leaned into his open palm. It was almost instinct, the way their bodies curled toward one another. Their foreheads touched and her eyes flew open. Was this really happening? After so many nights gallivanting across Franklin County, after the endless dinners with his family, after the witty banter and the shared laughter, was it finally coming to pass? \"Damn, Forrest,\" she whispered, her lips a mere inch from his. \"Are you ever going to kiss me?\" His eyes closed as he held her face. She saw his adam's apple move up and then down, as he swallowed his indecision a split second before he pressed his mouth to hers. Forrest's kiss was like a volcano. It erupted in a great burst of heat and power, exploding within the deepest pit of her stomach; then bubbling up, slow and firey. It warmed every part of her, the surface of her body tingling with the overwhelming sensation. For weeks Ellie May had pondered what it would be like to feel his plump lips on hers and as the Bondurant boy gently scraped her mouth with his, he shattered every expectation she had. His kiss drew her to him like a moth to a flame. She scrambled over herself to get to him, her fingers gripping the collar of his jacket. Forrest's hand trailed down her cheek, around to the back of her neck. He held her to him, nipping and pulling at her bottom lip. Ellie May sighed against his lips. She was turning into pudding. He was turning her into pudding! Forrest pulled away a moment later. He licked his lips, his chest heaving with labored breaths. He captured her chin in a tender grip, his face expressionless as he searched her face. By then Ellie May was used to such things from Forrest but today she was not feeling patient. She tugged at his shirt. \"Can we do that again?\" A smile ghosted over Forrest's lips as he nodded. Ellie May lifted her chin, her lips grazing Forrest's. She hummed happily, \"Merry Christmas, Forrest Bondurant.\" Forrest kissed her, murmuring, \"It ain't Christmas yet, remember?\" No? thought Ellie May. 'Cause it sure felt like it. The young couple lost track of time, too swathed in one another's company to keep up with something as trivial as the hour. When the sun began to set, Ellie May withdrew, her gaze glued to Forrest's. \"It's getting late…you should be with your family.\" Forrest twisted a lock of her brunette hair around his finger. \"I am.\" Her heart thumped wildly in her chest. Beaming, Ellie May tucked her head under his chin and held him. \"Do y-\" \" Ellie May!\" The furious shout was unmistakable and every bone in her body froze. Eyes wide with terror, she looked at Forrest, \"Please, please, stay here.\" \"No chance in hell,\" grumbled Forrest as he lumbered down the deer stand. Ellie May scrambled after him, her fingers wrapping futilely around his wrist. Though his face was as impassive as ever there was something deadly about the calm lack of expression. Ellie May could see the rage brewing within, his eyes betraying him. \"Forrest, please -\" \"Goddamn it, Ellie May! I know you're out here! Where are you, you little shit?!\" Her father was standing in their front yard, the empty Scotch bottle tight in his clutch, his eyes blood red and drooping. His teeth set when he saw them approach. \"Why the fuck is he here? You think you can bring them here! To my home! After what his cock sucking daddy said to me?\" Ellie May winced at his foul words. For the love of all, Lord make him stop , she pleaded. Forrest stopped just feet from her drunken father. \"Go on in the house and get your things,\" he said quietly to her. Her lips parted but before she could speak, Forrest added, \"Don't argue, Ellie. You have lost your mind if you think I'm lettin' you stay here with him for another minute. Go on, now. Get your things and we'll be on our way.\" \"She ain't goin' nowhere with you! Or any fucking body else, for that matter! Ellie May, you get your ass over here.\" Earl took a staggering step forward and Forrest shifted so that he stood between the man and his daughter. Her pulse thundering in her ear, Ellie May made a dash for the house. Earl fumbled after his daughter but Forrest caught him by the throat. Everything his older brother had ever told him about fighting slammed abruptly into him. A week after Forrest's ninth birthday, a boy at school had been picking on Jack because he was best friends with the town cripple. This didn't sit right with Forrest for a number of reasons, the first and foremost being: Jack was his brother, and you don't mess with Forrest's family. The fight was quick and clumsy, both Forrest and the other boy walking away with their fair share of bruises. For a week it hurt to chew his food, but the tussle had been effective and the boy learned to leave Jack and Cricket alone. This was the first time it occurred to Forrest he better start paying attention to how his body reacted to physical violence. The next morning in the barn, Forrest dug around and found a large burlap sack and set about filling it with a mixture of dirt, clay, and straw. When the bag was full enough Forrest tied the end securely with some twine and tossed a length of rope over a rafter, hanging the bag level to his head. It was a lumpy, swaying mass of burlap, bits of straw sticking out and streaming dust, but Forrest was plenty proud of his creation. He assumed a boxing pose like he'd seen in pictures and poked at the bag with his tiny fists. With each hit it swung back at him and he began to hit harder, stopping the momentum of the bag as it 'rounded back. After one particular shot, his knuckles popped and he swore, grabbing at his hand to massage his fingers. There was a crunch of gravel and Howard came into the barn. His shirtsleeves were rolled up and he carried a spool of baling twine. Forrest halted the swaying bag. Howard gave him a curious look for a moment, then stepped to the bag and poked it with his beefy fingers, prodding the worn burlap. He looked at his little brother and grinned. \"Regular Jimmy Braddock.\" Forrest was not the type to get easily embarrassed and he merely gazed up at his colossal brother. Howard stepped up. \"Let's fix it a bit.\" He untied the rope and brought the bag down. He broke up the clay within the sack and repacked the dirt to form a cylindrical shape. Then, he took some spare burlap and tore it into strips. He took Forrest's hand and wrapped the strips of burlap around it and between his fingers, pulling it tight. \"So's you don't bust your hands.\" When Forrest's hands were well wrapped Howard stepped back and nodded. Forrest pawed at the bag, throwing a few jabs with his right hand testing out the constricting wraps. \"Here,\" Howard said. \"Quit foolin' with that stance. You gotta twist your body with it. And you gotta lead with the left first, save the right since you's right-handed.\" Howard shot a couple of demonstrative left jabs into the bag. Forrest observed with a keen eye, trying out some left-right combinations. His big brother nodded in approval and grabbed the bag to stop it from swinging. \"Another thing you need is a good hook. Most fellas will throw everything real wide, which will leave them open.\" He feigned a few wide, looping haymakers. \"You gotta throw your hooks short and tight. Dip the shoulder.\" Howard squared before the bag and dipped his left shoulder slightly. \"Then, hook it hard.\" He ripped a short hook into the midsection of the clay-filled sack. \"Now you do that after he's thrown something. It's gonna be a right hand, you see, 'cause most is right-handed, too. He throws the right hand…\" Howard dipped slightly and moved his head to the side, as if ducking from a coming blow. \"…and then when he misses he will be wide open for the hook.\" Howard fired two quick hooks into the bag. Forrest set his feet and practiced his jabs, right cross, and left hook. Howard watched with his arms folded. He picked up his spool of baling line, wiping his forehead on his shirtsleeve. The eldest Bondurant child squinted in the sunlight. \"You plan on whoopin' somebody?\" Forrest paused. \"Not today.\" \"Never does turn out like you think,\" said Howard as he retreated. \"When the first swing happens everything is new an' nothin' is the way you thought. Be careful, little brother.\" Forrest nodded. \"Thanks, Howard.\" \"Anytime.\" As Earl Davis turned for his daughter, his brother's words echoed in his mind. Howard was right, a fight never turned out like anticipated, but Forrest knew this fight would be quick, simple. As Forrest wasn't yet fully grown, Earl had about a foot in height and nearly forty pounds on him. But the man was drunk as a skunk and would hopefully be easy to take down. Gripping his throat, Forrest kicked his legs out from under him and slammed him into the ground. Straddling his waist, he kept a hand on the man's windpipe and peeled his fingers off the glass bottle, tossing it into the woods, as Earl started to writhe in anger. The drunk man's face went scarlet to purple and he clutched at Forrest's arm, kicking in the snow. He glared wildly up at the serene figure looming over him. He clawed at Forrest's face but Forrest simply turned away. His mouth tightened as he waited for Ellie May to emerge. Earl's eyes grew fearful and he sputtered, gasping for breath. The power in his kicks rapidly subsided, his grip on Forrest's arm loosening. Darkness seemed to close in on him and he felt a sudden numbness fall over him. After a moment, Forrest slackened his hold. Earl coughed and clutched at his throat, scrabbling in the snow. Forrest stood and debated kicking the man a few times for past indecencies, but decided it would be a waste of energy. Earl Davis would get what was coming to him soon enough. Ellie May appeared in the doorway. Forrest held his hand up, stopping her. He knelt in the snow, and turned Earl's head to face him. \"Remember this,\" he warned. \"You hear?\" Then, Forrest extended his arm to Ellie May, who wrapped her slender fingers around his and fell into his side. Neither of them knew it, but that would be the last time Ellie May saw her father before he killed himself in the summer of '21. Many thanks yet again to everyone out there reading and reviewing, alerting, or favoriting. You guys make me happy. Sincerely.[Chapter 6] Apologies that it has taken so long, my friends. Midterms have arrived and my professors are getting greedy with my time. But this also means fall break is fast approaching and that I'll have three days completely devoted to this lovely story. A great many thanks to everyone supporting this; I'm so pleased you like it. This story is already very near and dear to my heart. I just adore the Bondurant family and I love that through this work I can explore their dynamic lives, personalities, and relationships. Speaking of, has anyone checked out the book? If so, what did you think? Share your thoughts! Several new characters are introduced in this chapter, some good, some…not so good. Don't overload yourselves trying to remember them all, the main ones to make note of are Clyde Eller and Miss Lucy. I'll just tell you now, you will not like Clyde. Homeboy is a douche. But I'll let the story speak for itself. Enjoy. Chapter Five A cold front came down on Franklin County in the beginning of January. The freezing temperatures and near constant blizzard-like snow fall kept the Bondurant family close together. It was a glorious time for Emmy and Jack because it meant their older siblings were around all the time, including the newest addition to their family, Ellie May. The children hung about the house in the mornings and in the afternoons Forrest would peddle his secondhand bicycle through the thick snow across the wide field in front of their home, the younger ones chasing him merrily in the golden glow of fading sunlight. After supper they gathered around the warm stove in the family room. On those nights Papa Bondurant, as Ellie May grew to call him, would bounce the younger ones on his knee like a bucking horse, grinning brightly through his thick beard, his wife in her rocker gazing adoringly at her family. This was a new world for Ellie May, so unlike the one she'd previously known, and often the young girl found herself in a state of bliss. Here there was no fear or pain, only warmth and belonging. It never ceased to amaze Ellie May how accepting the Bondurants were. They had welcomed Ellie May to their family like she was meant to have been there all along, even though it meant one more mouth to feed, one more body to clothe. To repay their generosity, Ellie May exhausted herself night and day to earn her keep. She also insisted that one of the other girls share Howard's room with her. She felt guilty taking the whole room to herself when there was more than enough space for another. Eventually Emmy was volunteered to room with her. In those days Emmy clung to their mother, shadowing her through the kitchen and sitting in her lap in the rocker by the window. Emmy had an innocent air, naïve and quick to bawl. At first she shied away from Ellie May, but by that spring the little girl was able to tolerate her presence. One evening Ellie May was busy peeling potatoes and carrots for the stew Momma Bondurant was preparing and she knicked herself with the knife. Hissing, she drew her thumb to her mouth, sticking her tongue to the slice to stop the flow of blood. Belva appeared at her side with a bandage. \"You need to slow down. Stop overworking yourself. We want you here, you know. You don't have to prove yourself.\" Of all the Bondurants, Belva had seemed the least excited about Ellie May's arrival. Not unfriendly, exactly, just less enthusiastic than the rest of her family. But that night it was if is Belva's words were a blessing, the final factor of Ellie May's fate. She was officially a Bondurant. The following Friday Papa Bondurant closed down his store early and piled his young'ins onto the bed of the truck. They drove west to Haw Patch Hill to the Jamison farm for a wood chopping. The farm lay at the foot of Thornton Mountain in the western part of Franklin County, a rough, mostly wooded stretch with hard clay soil. Papa followed the dirt track that wound by the Jamison's farm house and into the back fields, which were dotted with cattle. Thin plumes of smoke rose from the fields abutting the mountain slope. The felling was finished, and the men were pulling stumps with teams of mules and rolling or carrying the heavy logs to the wagons for transport down the hillside. Across the field others stood burning piles of brush, children chasing one another, zig-zagging around the fires. Most of the able-bodied men from the southern part of the county were there. Forrest joined the men cutting out stumps while Papa helped the older men driving the mules and workhorse teams. Jack shot off like a firework into the night, running off to join the other children in play. Emmy stuck to her mother's side as usual, as she and the three older girls made off toward the house to aid with supper. Before long Forrest was stripped down to his undershirt and suspenders, his body smoking in the cool spring air. It was difficult and slippery work, the damp roots like rubber and the footing crumbled and shifted. The roots had to be struck at the right angle to bite and eventually Forrest was able to find a steady, easy rhythm. He worked in silence for the next hour with the other boys, half-listening as they joked and carried on. When Clyde Eller showed up, Forrest hardly noticed, too preoccupied with his work. And it's a good thing. Clyde and Forrest had a history going back as far as anyone could remember. They'd always been at sorts over one thing or another and often their squabbles ended in bloodshed, be it by a cut lip or a busted knuckle. Mind you, the boys were young and in those days most fights ended as soon as they started. But now they were older and there were bigger consequences for runnin' your mouth. Suppose that's why Clyde should'a kept his mouth shut. But just cause you should do somethin', don't mean you do it. \"Missy found a homeless cat the other day,\" he began conversationally. A few of the other's commented, curious as to where this was going. \"She begged Paw to let us keep it but y'all know how he is about wandering creatures. I told him, I said, 'Hell, we ought to give it to the Bondurants. I hear they got a thing for takin' in strays.'\" Forrest paused, just a hitch in the stroke of his ax, then made a final, heavy cut. He stepped back from the stump, tossing his ax aside. Ah hell , thought Tom Cundiff, who'd been working beside the Bondurant boy. Now Clyde's done it . Forrest looked at Clyde for a moment, the same blank look, then turned and gestured to Washbourne, who drove the horses and with a crunching roar the stump was ripped from the ground. Forrest shoved his hands in his pockets and looked at the dark hole in the earth, the twisted ends of roots, rocks, red clay, and seemed to consider something for a moment. Tom half wondered if Forrest was going to toss Clyde down in the hole but before he could say anything Forrest took of his work gloves and slapped them on his thigh. He glanced around for a minute, then turned to Tom. \"Let's go.\" The pair joined the group of older men around a small pile of burning pine knots. Aubrie Kendrick brought a mason jar of corn whiskey from his truck and the men passed it around slowly and discussed the progress of the work. Forrest declined the drink when it reached him, and Tom grinned, taking the jar and swigging it back. Forrest could hear the Mitchell twins arguing before he could seem them. They stumbled toward the fire, both shirtless, round bellies hanging over their belts, their skin burned a deep rust color. Cal and Eddie were impossible to distinguish, and most people in the county gave up trying and the twins assumed a sort of plural existence. They had the same bright, green eyes and blond hair as their older brother Danny. The boys were about Jack's age, maybe a bit older, and when they appeared at Forrest's side, he could see the gaps in their smiles where their baby teeth were still falling out. \"Hey, For'st,\" one twin said. \"How's things?\" \"Good to see you, For'st,\" said the other. Forrest nodded, affectionately rubbing the head of the twin closest to him. \"Boys. Where's Jack and Cricket?\" \"Aw, they're running 'round by the barn.\" Cal or Eddie gestured to the barn in the distance. The other twin swung an arm around his brother's shoulders, their small bodies rocking. \"Say, have you heard from Howard? We ain't heard from Danny yet. Daddy says not to worry but-\" \"Momma's been cryin' a whole lot and she says it's a bad yeoman-\" His brother elbowed him, \"Omen, not yeoman, you big dummy!\" \"Says it's a bad omen that he ain't written her yet.\" Forrest frowned playfully. \"Naw, I don't think it's a bad omen. Just means he's busy is all.\" Danny Mitchell and his brother Howard had been good buddies before they enlisted. They got shipped out together and, as the twins said, neither had been heard from since. The twins looked hopeful and full of pride at the idea of their brother tearin' up the battlefield. Suddenly, a low whistle emitted from one of the men and Forrest turned to see a procession of cars slowly making their way across the broad valley, bringing the food down from the house. The men began to put their coats back on and after a few more drinks Aubrie Kendrick put the jar back on the floorboard of his truck before the women got close enough to see. When the women arrived they spread blankets on a patch of level grass and laid out bowls of sweet corn, greens with ham hocks, pork cracklings, hash gravy, plate of biscuits covered with napkins, and skillets of corn bread. Dick Jamison, the man in charge of the whole affair, came over to the bunch of men who remained clustered off to the side. \"Well,\" he huffed. \"Set to it.\" Forrest waited with the younger boys as the women and elders filled their plates. When he got his food, a massive pile of corn, cracklings, and biscuits smothered in white gravy, he sat on a stump next to his father who was already digging in. Tom Cundiff, Jack, Cricket, the Mitchell twins, and Walter Henley, an old friend of his father's, sat with them as they ate, occasionally commenting on the weather or the quality of the meal. Women joined their husbands and the younger, unmarried women, including his sisters and Ellie May, made their own circle on a blanket with Wilma Jamison and her friends. Their soft voices carried over to where Forrest sat as the light began to fade in the sky and a night breeze wafted over the mountains, carrying sparks from the fire over the fields. Women wrapped wool shawls around their shoulders, pulling their children's jackets a little tighter. By now the lingering sweat of physical labor had dried and Forrest swore as his hands and feet grew cold. He should have brought his sweater. Across the field Ellie May ate in silence, listening as the other girls gossiped, eyeing the available young men who'd come to the wood chopping. She felt a bit uncomfortable. She didn't belong among these girls. She'd wanted to go sit with Forrest and their father, but Belva and Era insisted that would be improper. \"Besides,\" said Era. \"You need to make some friends. It'll be good for you.\" So there she sat, spooning hot dumplings into her mouth and sipping on tea. A shadow fell over her shoulder and Elli May glanced up to see a young woman standing behind her. She was fair-haired, slight, and freckled, with a nervous smile and shaking hands. Immediately, Belva and Era shot to their feet with shrieks and shouts, pulling the girl into, what Ellie May was sure had to have been, a painful hug. \"Lucy, how are you? How's your momma? Have you heard from Howard?\" The woman, Lucy, tucked a piece of hair behind her ear, \"Hi, Belva, Era.\" She folded herself down onto the blanket beside Ellie May, the sisters retaking their seats, and Belva blushed. \"Oh, I'm sorry. Lucy, this is Ellie May. She's a friend of the family; she's stayin' at the house with us. Ellie May, this is Lucy. You haven't met our brother Howard, yet, but this is his wife.\" Wife? Ellie May nearly snorted. She looked like a baby! There was no way she was old enough to be someone's wife! Nevertheless, she kindly shook the frail woman's hand and returned to her supper. That night Era would tell Ellie May all about Lucy and Howard's short, but impressive, whirlwind romance. She would learn that Lucy was from a dirt-poor family from an unworkable, muddy patch of land on Smith Mountain. How she had a dozen or so siblings, not'a one that she liked, and how she was glad to be rid of them. Ellie May would hear about the small wedding ceremony at Snow Creek Baptist, the cabin she and Howard owned in Penbrook, and Lucy's miscarriage of their first son, Granville Thomas, Jr. Though Lucy was a bit mousy and odd, she was quiet so Ellie May reckoned she liked her well enough. Before long the women began to gather the dirty dishes and fold-up the blankets, the children taking once again to chasing one another about the expansive field. A few families headed off after the meal but those who remained gathered around a large bon fire, passing jars of liquor freely, sweating in the firelight. Dick Jamison came into the circle bearing a six-foot long seasoned dogwood slab. Men cheered as he held it aloft and everyone stood and followed him up the hill to where the trees lay felled. They sniffed around for two stumps equal in height and when they were chosen, the slab was thrown across the stumps, a makeshift table of sorts. Two more stumps were brought up to the slab and placed on either side. The chairs. Then the money came out and the first two men spat on their hands, hitched up their trousers, and squatted on either side of the log, reaching across the slab to lock wrists. Money bet on the contest was placed on the log in a pile and then pinned there in a rawhide bag with a knife. Belcher Whitehead pulled out a revolver and fired it into the sky. The two men lurched forward, straining against one another, the crowd shouting encouragement. There was a struggle, a collective shout, and a loud thud! as one man's hand slammed onto the top of the wood. He yelped and pulled away, stumbling on his backside. Men laughed and clapped the winner on the shoulder, the loser kneeling in the dirt, a jar offered, and a sheepish grin given. Crumpled bills changed hands and a new pair approach the slab. Another arm-wrestle later and Clyde Eller called out Forrest for a contest. There were howls and whistles of disbelief. Though at this point in time Forrest Bondurant was not known for his unwavering strength, he nearly tripled Clyde Eller in sheer size and there was no debate; Forrest would rise victorious in a matter of seconds. Ellie May looked at Forrest, who stood off to the side and appeared almost bored, his brow furrowed and his eyes in slits. \"C'mon, Forrest, show 'em how it's done!\" It was obvious that Clyde had been drinking and, though Forrest hated the boy with everything he had, Forrest wasn't the type to take advantage of the mentally handicap. \"Nah, think I'm 'on sit this one out tonight.\" \"S'matter, Forrest? You scared?\" a drunken voice slurred and Ellie May's lips pursed. She really hated alcohol. \"Aw, he ain't scared!\" shouted a small, squeaky voice. Ellie May saw Era snatched Jack out on the circle, their father eyeing the scene. A bad feeling wormed its way in her stomach. Clyde stumbled forward, a sheen of sweat on his sniveling face. \"That's right. You aren't afraid of nothing, are you? Not even of gettin' bit by all them strays, huh? Tell me, Forrest, does she bite?\" \"Shit,\" hissed Tom Cundiff as Forrest slowly blinked. \"Don't do it, Forrest. Don't let him bait you.\" But it was too late, Forrest was already stepping forward as he rolled up his shirtsleeves. Money piled on the wood until Dick Jamison stuffed the dollars and coins in the bag and pinned it to the log. \"I ain't lettin' him bait me,\" muttered the Bondurant boy to Tom as he took his seat before the slab. He stared at Clyde's smug grin. \"I'm shuttin' him up.\" The gun went off and the men heaved, their arms going rigid in the firelight. Clyde grunted, the veins in his arm and neck flexing with strain. He began to jerk, heaving in regular lurches, his eyes pinched and his mouth in a snarl. Rivulets of sweat sprouted from his face, running down to pool on his pressed button-down. He realized he was going to lose, staring into the ever impassive face of Forrest Bondurant. He pathetically attempted to break Forrest's concentration, muttering foully under his breath, his speech broken by gasps for breath and fierce grunts, \"Word around town – uh – is you whooped her – ugh – her daddy.\" To this Forrest offered nothing and Clyde's crimson face twisted, his eyes widening. The back of his palm was a mere inch from the dogwood slab. He glanced at the spot where Ellie May Davis lingered at the edge of the circle, Lucy Bondurant at her side. \"Can't say I blame you. I wouldn't – uh – want to – ugh – share that – uh – either!\" There came a powerful twist in Forrest's gut. A foul rage seized him, painfully squeezing the life in his chest. Up until then he'd merely been pleasing the crowd, putting forth a false struggle. But this anger changed the game and he increased the strength of his grip on Clyde's hand, crushing the cocky man's fingers as he smashed and ground his hand into the slab. The crowd jeered and hollered, men scrambling to get their money. No one seemed to realize Forrest had yet to release Clyde and anguished screams began to echo in the night air. A couple of men staggered forward, including Papa Bondurant, to pull the boys apart. Forrest shrugged them off, driving through the crowd, off into the pastures below. Ellie May followed silently. They walked to the bottom forty of the pasture, out of the firelight's reach. They sat in the tall grass a few feet apart. Ellie May's instinct was to pat and rub Forrest's back until he calmed but she had learned that Forrest didn't like being touched much. Especially when he was angry, so she sat on her palms until he sighed and glanced back at the hoard of people. He knew he was justified in his actions; Clyde's words were foolish and needed to be properly met. But he was ashamed that his father felt the need to get involved; ashamed that Jack and his sisters saw his behavior. Women and kids didn't need that sort of thing. Ellie May sought his hand in the dark and he let her take it, enjoying the way her smooth fingers grazed over the rough callouses on his palm, the result of too many long days at work. As she wove her fingers through his own, Forrest lay back in the grass and gazed at the stars shining above. Neither spoke, for there was nothing that needed to be said. So not a whole lot of Ellie May/Forrest action but this chapter is crucial and in the next update you'll see why. For the smut fans out there, the next chapter does focus a lot on their relationship. There might even be some fluff. More importantly though, it's a really pivotal chapter, almost a turning point in how things have been going between them. Hopefully I'll have that out tomorrow. If not, be looking for it Saturday. Hey, see that box down there? You should write some stuff in it. Cause Forrest says so.[Chapter 7] Okay, so this chapter's a bit late. Sorry. Midterms have sort of killed me. I totally tanked my Calculus exam and brought my grade in the class down to a 'C'. Which sucks because if I don't get it up come finals, I'll lose my state's financial aid. Math sucks, guys. Like, sincerely. But enough about that! I really enjoyed this chapter because the action is starting to develop but at the same time the story is able to maintain the whole element of family. Family is so key to the Bondurants and I really love writing these little scenes where we get to see the entire family together (minus Howard, sadly). Plus, there's a bit more Ellie/Forrest going on. Not much, but enough to tide you over, I hope. Enjoy. Chapter Six Forrest would soon come to learn that he had broken two of Clyde Eller's fingers and dislocated the cocky man's thumb. This knowledge did nothing to Forrest, but merely rolled of his back with the wind. He would later regret accepting this news so casually. That spring Forrest's days were split between his father's farm and a sawmill camp near Smith Mountain. The camp sat in a broad dirt patch between two stands of pine and black spruce. A long covered shed made of logs and discarded sheet metal sat in the center of the hollow, flanked by a few smaller outbuildings and a rusty water pump. There, Forrest would work a table-saw, slicing boards from noon till dusk. Just a few days after the wood chopping at the Jamison farm, Clyde Eller showed up at the camp and asked for a job. The manager, a stout man with a deep full-bellied laugh and tobacco-stained teeth named Gen, almost turned him away. Any boy with an education like Clyde's was too overqualified. Plus, he was a scrawny fellow, not the type for manual labor. But Clyde flashed a smile as sweet as butter and winked, assuring the man he'd done his fair share of hard work. His testimony was a flat lie but it did the trick and he was hired. The following afternoon Forrest was hunched over the end of a table, wrestling a long pine into the saw-chute. His dungarees were dusted with wood chips, the sleeves of his sweat-soaked undershirt rolled up high. The hair poking out under his hat was matted with sweat and sawdust. All around him men stood in the same fashion; some working the bulky wooden block planer, shaving the edges off planks, or pulling crosscut saws through the oaks too thick for the table-saws. Off to the side of the shed a team of mules hitched to a wagon stood in the sunlight, nosing at crabgrass and thistles that lay trampled in the dirt. Forrest did not see Clyde enter from the shed's back. Clyde walked straight to the twelve foot tall load of lumber, a looming mass of pines laying one on top of the other, and cut the main straps holding them in place. The logs rolled, one, two, and then another, an avalanche of brown timber. Men who saw it say Forrest didn't even make an attempt to get out of the way; rather, he flipped his hat aside and turned to face the rolling tons of wood that came for him. They took him immediately to Rocky Mount, the camp manager Gen driving out to the Bondurant farm to tell Forrest's family. His mother and father went to the hospital, Belva watching over the other children until they returned. Both of his legs had been broken in several places, leaving Forrest virtually paralyzed. They were bound in plaster and the doctor condemned Forrest to bed rest for no less than six weeks. Clyde Eller was arrested that evening. A dozen or so men had seen him cut the straps in plain sight but in spite of their statements, the charges against Clyde Eller were dropped to reckless endangerment and he was sentenced to just three weeks with good behavior. The Bondurants liked to send someone to visit with Forrest at least once a day to save him from the maddening boredom and solidarity. Papa and Momma had too much work on the farm to visit too often. They were good to make it to Rocky Mount about once a week. Little Emmy would only go if her momma went, and his older sisters couldn't bear to see Forrest in such pain. So mostly, it was Ellie May and Jack who went to see him. They sat in the chair by the window, Jack perched on Ellie May's lap reading softly from the Bible, his speech slow and choppy. The three of them had spent hours like this, Jack droning on through the long days and into the night, the faint rustle of Forrest twitching restlessly under the thin hospital blanket. While Forrest lay paralyzed, Jack picked up his slack in the field and barn. Or at least, he tried. Jack wasn't built like his brother and he was still very young. His body was not capable of the same caliber of work his older brother performed daily. His efforts, however, were appreciated and Jack often puffed out his chest in pride when he'd go to visit Forrest, describing for his brother how he'd helped birth a sow or loaded the 'bacco by himself. To this, Forrest would crack a wry grin and nod, \"Good boy.\" The doctors gave him medicine for the pain. Sedatives and other such things. Often Forrest had to fight sleep when he had company, especially if Jack or Emmy were present as the little ones needed much entertainment. But when Ellie May was there alone she practically insisted that he sleep. \"Your body heals faster when you rest; it's able to put itself right. Now shut your trap and take a nap. \" While he slept, Ellie May would stare out the window at the grassy knoll behind the hospital or at the profile of Forrest's relaxed face. He appeared so peaceful when he dreamed. Sometimes Ellie May would slide her chair over to his bedside and trace the plains of his sleep-soften features. The subtle curve of his cheek, the full dip of his bottom lip, the gentle crease between his brows. More than once he awoke while she did so and he would stare into her eyes wordlessly as she continued. \"You'll get him back, won't you?\" she asked suddenly one quiet afternoon when they were by their lonesome. Forrest stared hard at the ceiling, his jaw tight and his eyes slits. He was in an extreme amount of pain. So much pain that he failed to mask it. He knew she was referring to Clyde. Forrest spoke through gritted teeth, \"There are certain things a man can't overlook.\" He heard her gentle sigh, the quiet scrape of the chair against the floor. Suddenly she was in his face, balanced on the edge of his bed. She ran her fingers down his arm, cupping his hand in hers. \"Make sure you're completely healed before you do. Can't have you limpin' around the rest of your life.\" Forrest said nothing but gave her hand a squeeze. That night as Ellie May left the hospital, she paused in the doorway of Forrest's room, her hand on the door knob, her eyes on his still form. She stood there for many moments and when she finally turned to leave a dark object in the trash bin by the door caught her eye. There was nothing else in the bin, aside from a crumpled napkin, and Ellie May knelt for further inspection. It was a knotty, molded lump of wood. She eyed the gnarled chunk carefully, pocketing it and heading out. She took the wood and asked one of the nurses where it had come from. Apparently, the doctors found the piece of wood in Forrest's pocket when he first arrived at Rocky Mouth. They assumed it was worthless, something he'd picked up at the sawmill camp, and discarded it. Ellie May knew Forrest was not one for frivolity. If he'd had this on his person there was a reason, a very personal reason. Her curiosity burning, she took the lump home and put it in the bottom drawer of her dresser inside her mason jar. The same jar she used the night Forrest took her firefly hunting. There the disfigured wood would stay for some time. Nearly two months passed and when Forrest came home there was a great celebration. The younger ones made a banner out of the old paint they'd used on the barn and a sheet from the cupboard. Momma Bondurant and the girls prepared a large supper of Forrest's favorite foods: corn bread, beans with ham hock, sweet cream corn, roast, and potatoes. They ate with a happy energy and afterward gathered around the radio in the family room. \"You gone start workin' again tomorrow, Forrest?\" asked Era, a teasing glint in her eye. Their father nodded, \"Don't think I'm gone go easy on you just cause you got a war wound now.\" \"Granville,\" warned their mother. \"Don't go make him over do himself his first day back, now.\" Everyone laughed and Forrest stretched his legs. The prospect of work excited him. Hell, just plain walking with his crutches had excited him. He'd been restricted to that hospital bed for too damn long. When the weekend came, the weather was damn near miserable. Temperatures had breached the high eighties and the air was thick, humid. The Bondurants opened all the windows in the house, the men going about in just their undershirts, the women hiking up their dresses. At the breakfast table after the Sunday Service, Belva made a side comment about the awful weather, suggesting that it was a perfect day for the family to go take a dip in the creek. Somehow this gave Jack the notion that they were going swimming and he appeared moments later in his swim trunks, a towel strewn over his bony shoulder. Era chortled, poking her baby brother in the side, \"Where're you goin', scamp?\" He grinned. \"We're going to the creek!\" \"No, we aren't,\" scoffed Belva as she and Ellie May cleared the dirty dishes. Jack frowned, \"But you said-\" \"I know what I said. Don't mean we're going.\" Jack stared at his sisters and Ellie May as they skirted about the room, wiping that and picking up this, their soft chatter light on his ears, his brow furrowed in confusion and a little anger. Abruptly, he dashed out the kitchen, down the front porch, and across the field to the barn where Forrest sat cleaning their father's tools. Though it was a major step down from Forrest's usual duties, it was work that needed to be done and about the only thing he could do while still on crutches. Forrest's gaze remained on the saw blade he was polishing. \"Whatta you want, Jack?\" \"Ain't you hot out here, Forrest?\" Forrest said nothing, but gave his brother a shifty glance. Jack grinned, \"Your legs hurtin'? I bet some cool water would feel mighty nice on 'em right now. Don't you?\" The corner of Forrest's mouth twitched upward. Jack sure could be smart when he felt like it. \"You want me to get daddy to take us to the creek,\" murmured Forrest. \"Well, shoot, F'rest, if you think it might help your pain then 'course we ought to go.\" Forrest ruffled his brother's short mop of hair, running his knuckles over his scalp. \"Alright, but only cause I reckon you need a day off. The way I hear it, you 'bout killed yourself keepin' this place runnin' while I was gone.\" Jack beamed, his insides swelling with pride at his clever plan. He thanked Forrest and shot off like a horse, galloping back to the house. He found the girls in Era and Belva's room. Hands on his hips, he pointedly told them to get on their swimsuits. They were going to the creek. Momma and the girls packed a picnic and after Papa finished tiling the back forty, the family piled into the truck and headed down to Maggodee Creek. Papa pulled the old Ford into a shaded nook by the Maggodee Creek bridge, the younger children immediately piling out and making a straight run for the water. Momma Bondurant followed, chastising Jack for running and Emmy for running with him, calling, \"Y'all know better!\" Era and Belva carried the picnic baskets and quilts, Papa and Ellie May helping Forrest down the sloping creek bed, his crutches sinking into the red clay with each labored step. It was a difficult journey down, much more difficult than Forrest liked to admit, and he leaned heavily against his father's shoulder. Once they reached the edge of the water, his crutches were tossed aside and he eased his way in until he was waist deep in the familiar stream. The current flowed around him lazily, his younger siblings already giggling and splashing up a storm. Emmy was shy as a mess, but boy, did that little girl love her some water. Forrest watched them affectionately, his muscles relaxed by the cool, weightlessness of the water. The older girls were setting up lunch on a flat patch of the bank, splaying out the quilts in the mud and green grass. Their father kicked off his boots and peeled back his shirt, a mischievous glint in his eye that Forrest knew all too well. He glanced at his Momma. Her back was to the creek, and to their father. She had no idea he was approaching. Forrest couldn't help but grin at his father's antics. He called out to his brother and sister. \"Emmy, Jack, y'all best come over this way, now.\" The children stopped, their giggles coming to a confused end. \"Why?\" squeaked Emmy. Forrest nodded toward their parents and Jack beamed, laughing bubbling up his throat. He tugged Emmy's wrist, \"C'mon, Em.\" The children waded like ducks up the stream, making room in the deeper end of the creek for their mother, who would be joining them shortly. The pair hovered at their older brother's side. Up on the embankment, Belva noted the younger ones' strange behavior. She eyed them suspiciously, \"What are y'all up to?\" Jack chortled, \"Nothin'!\" That's when Belva saw their father and she too snickered, elbowing Era and Ellie May. The trio of girls stopped working and stepped out of Papa's way, stifling their own laughter. About this time all had fallen silent and Momma straightened, her brows furrowed and lips puckered. \"What's goin' on?\" she asked as she whipped around. Unfortunately for her, she'd spun right into the waiting arms of her husband and was off her feet in an instant. \"Granville!\" she shrieked, her legs kicking wildly. She slapped at her husband's shoulders, her children a riot of laughter. \"Granville, don't you dare! Put me down! Put me-!\" But her furious words were silenced as she plummeted into the murky creek waters. Papa turned to his daughters, who were doubled over with strangled, breathy cackles. \"What're you laughin' at, Bel? You're next!\" Belva's eyes grew wide, her giggles dying. \"What? Daddy, no!\" She took off running along the muddy edge of the creek, her father chasing after her with promises of, \"I'm gonna get ya!\" Era and Ellie May giggled madly, pointing and laughing as Belva flung herself into the creek before her father could. Era nudged Ellie May, \"C'mon, we better get in before he comes for us!\" The Bondurant family played and swam for nearly two hours, the sun beating down relentlessly bathing them in light. A little after two, they delved into the picnic baskets, munching on sandwiches and potato salad. It would have been too much of a hassle for Forrest to scramble out of the water and join them, just to get back in half an hour later; so he pulled himself up onto a rock jutting out of the creek bed about three feet from the quilts and ate there, Ellie May at his side as always. Ellie May was wearing an old suit of Era's. It had been a gift from their grandmother and had always been a bit big for Era in the chest. As he silently chewed, Forrest pleasantly noted that Ellie May didn't seem to have a problem filling it out. In fact, it fit quite nicely. Ellie May caught his lingering stare and, in spite of himself, Forrest glanced away. He wasn't usually one to turn away first but he knew it wasn't polite to stare, especially at a woman. Jack was the first one done, as he had practically inhaled his food just itching to get back in the water. He tossed his empty plate into one of the baskets and bolted over to where Ellie May and Forrest sat. \"Hey, you figure that rope is still up there?\" Forrest looked thoughtfully at the bridge. He shrugged, \"Ain't no reason it shouldn't be, less someone took it down. Go see.\" \"Rope?\" asked Ellie May as Jack took off toward the bridge. \"Our brother, Howard, and a few buddies of his tied a rope to the bottom of the bridge a couple a summers back. It's right there in the middle, see? Between them two posts. The rope's real long and there's a big ole loop at the bottom. The idea is you climb over the edge of the bridge, hook your foot in the loop, and swing on down. It can be a good time, but those boys didn't put a whole lot of thought into the placement of the rope.\" Forrest explained, \"The water beneath the bridge is real shallow. Unless you push yourself out real far, you gone swing right into a slab of rock. Happened to one of Howard's buddies, Danny, one time. Said it hurt somethin' awful.\" \"I bet it'd be about the same as havin' both of your legs broken, huh?\" teased Ellie May, bumping Forrest with her shoulder. She held up her empty plate, \"Are you done?\" Forrest nodded, and handed over his plate. Ellie May took the dishes to the basket and heard Jack shout, \"It's here, Forrest! It's right here!\" \"Jack!\" Momma called. \"Don't even think about it!\" \"Aw, come on, momma. Ain't gone hurt nothin',\" argued Forrest. \"Just remember to swing real wide, alright, Jackie?!\" Jack nodded fervently, fisting his little fingers around the rope. Momma Bondurant went to protest once more but Papa shushed her, motion for her to continue eating. She frowned, but did so, muttering something like, \"…boys gone be boys…my ass…'nother of my babies hurt...\" \"Go, Jack!\" hollered Era, clapping loudly. Jack squared his shoulders, slipping his foot into the loop and stepping over the short bridge railing. He clung to the wooden structure with one hand, clenching the rope with the other. He seemed to take a deep breath, his little eyes scanning the creek below. Forrest called out to him, telling him not to be afraid. Jack scrunched up his chin, \"I ain't afraid!\" And with that, he jumped, the slack in the rope tightening with a deafening pop! Jack thought for sure the rope was going to snap in two but there he swung, flying back and forth beneath the bridge, the sun on his back and the wind beneath his arms. He let out a great joyful laugh and waved to his parents and siblings. \"Let go when I tell you, Jack!\" his brother called. Jack nodded. He quickly pulled his free hand back to the rope and waiting, inching his foot back. \"Okay, Jack, now!\" He hesitated and then, swoosh , he was falling through the air. Jack hit the top of the water and thought every bone in his body must have broken. He sank into her dirty depths, leaves and clay and rocks surrounding him. His eyes burned as he fought his way toward the blinding sunlight shimmering above. When he broke the surface, Jack gasped for air, spitting and sputtering, his tiny fists scrubbing his eyes. Through his water logged ears, he could hear his family cheering and suddenly the pain didn't seem so bad. Adrenaline pumped his veins like a supped up Ford engine and he beamed. \"Momma, can I go again?!\" They remained at Maggodee Creek until their skin was so pruned that it hurt to touch anything. The little ones were exhausted from the hard day of play, both falling asleep on the ride home. Normally, Forrest would've carried Jack and their father would've gotten Emmy. But seeing as how Forrest could barely carry himself, their mother scooped up Emmy, Papa taking Jack, and the girls took the baskets and dirty quilts inside. Forrest followed his sisters slowly and frowned, a subtle anger stirring deep inside. He was damn near useless like this and suddenly all he could see was Clyde Eller's smug face. \"Forrest?\" someone called and he didn't mean to, but he snapped angrily, \"What?\" Ellie May was paused on the front steps, half turned toward him, half turned toward the house. She arched an eyebrow at him. \"You comin'?\" Forrest swallowed thickly. His anger was at Clyde and Clyde only. He apologized softly and nodded, \"Yes ma'am.\" She seemed to know exactly what was going on inside his head. She rubbed his arm, her delicate fingers soothing him, as she murmured, \"You're more than halfway there, Forrest. This'll all be over soon. Just be patient.\" He wondered briefly if that's what she used to tell herself when she lived with her father. If patience was what got her through the painful nights when all she felt were her father's fists. He felt pathetic all of a sudden. He looked at the small girl at his side and thought of all she'd been through, how she'd bravely faced it all, and faced it alone. And here he was bitchin' 'bout his legs like a baby. He cleared his throat, brushing back her damp hair. He pressed his lips to her temple, holding her against his chest. Her hands slipped around his waist and her body sagged as she sighed, burrowing her face against him. They stayed like that until the humid evening heat and mosquitos got to 'em. Jack was snoozing peacefully when Forrest slipped into their room. He had a hell of a time trying to change out of his wet clothes without falling over. It took near a damn half hour and when he was through, he threw his clothes in the hall at Era's feet and grumbled, \"Here. G'night.\" Era had merely laughed at her little brother's distress and took the dripping clothes. Jack stirred a bit when Forrest climbed into bed beside him. The young boy rolled over, yawning, his hands tucked under his chin. Forrest let out a sigh, rubbing his face as he fought his ever restless mind. He was tired of sleeping. He'd gotten enough sleep in the hospital, but his legs were throbbing and he knew if he didn't at least lay still for an hour or two, he'd regret it come morning. \"F'rest…\" Jack's sleep slurred word made Forrest's heart thump in his chest. Shit if that little boy hadn't just startled the piss outta him. Forrest licked his lips, \"Go to sleep, Jack.\" \"Hang on. I gotta ask ya somethin',\" the little boy yawned. \"Are you in love with Ellie May?\" \"What?\" \"Are you in love with Ellie May? Belva said you ain't but Era swears you are.\" Forrest shouldn't have been surprised that his sisters had discussed such. In a way, he wasn't really. More so, he was irritated. Wasn't none of their business, but he supposed that's just how women are. Ain't nothin' he could do about it. He ruffled Jack's hair, pulling the blankets higher around his brother's shoulder. \"Go to sleep, Jack. Don't make me tell ya again.\" For all of you Howard lovers, I have good news! Howard will be returning home from the war in the next chapter! Woot! I adore Howard's character. He was kind of a loveable oaf in the movie but in the novel he's totally just tugging at your heart strings the whole time. Again, a million thanks to everyone reading and reviewing and just supporting this story. You're all wonderful and I love you. Thanks so much! p.s. If you liked the movie's soundtrack check out the Lawless station on Pandora![Chapter 8] A few chapters back the lovely Gaara-frenzy asked why Howard still had a room at the Bondurant home if he lived with his wife up in Penbrook. Dear Gaara , I was not ignoring you, dear, I just didn't want to spoil the surprise. Err, well, it's not really a surprise, more like a fact. But the point is, that gets explained in this update. As always, thank you, you crazy wonderful people, for your unwavering support. You're all magnificent and somewhere in the (hopefully near) future you will be rewarding with good karma. Thank you for continuing to review and favorite and alert and just, for enjoying this world of Bondurant with me. It's a pleasure to have you along. Chapter Seven The news came late one hot August night. Ellie May was in the family room, Forrest's head in her lap, the radio playing softly in the corner. Era was perched on the worn sofa, her legs tucked under her as she flipped through an old Sears catalog. Ellie May never really understood why girls looked through old magazines. They couldn't order anything out of it and they weren't doing anything but keeping up with old trends, so why bother? Forrest once told her it was because they couldn't always afford the best or newest things so Era liked lookin' at 'em sometimes. He said it made his sister feel pretty. Not one of the teenagers bothered to stir as Papa Bondurant's truck rumbled up the drive. They didn't take notice of the late hour, figuring their father had gotten caught up at his General Store shootin' the shit with one of his regulars. In fact, they didn't even bother to get up and greet him. The three of them didn't so much as bat an eye. At least not until they heard the strangled sobbing. Forrest was on his feet and in the kitchen before Era or Ellie May could stand. Their father stood just inside the door, his wife clinging to his thin frame as cries racked her body. Belva emerged from her room, clutching some knitting to her chest. \"Momma, what's wrong?\" Their mother spun, a wide grin splitting her cheeks. The children's foreheads creased in confusion as they shared bewildered glances. Era snorted to herself. Their momma had finally cracked. Belva elbowed her younger sister, stepping forward and gently prodding, \"Momma, daddy, what is it?\" \"It's your brother,\" whispered their mother, her chin and lips quivering as she gave a shaky breath of relief. \"He's comin' home. Belva, Howard's comin' home.\" The Bondurants looked to their father for confirmation, their faces betraying the frightened hope they each felt. He nodded, smiling softly. \"Got a call from him down at the store as I was lockin' up. I gotta pick him up at the train depot in Roanoke tomorrow morning.\" A gasp that was sort of a cross between a muffled scream and a high-pitched squeal, sounded from Era as she and Belva flung themselves on their mother. They cried together in joy, Papa clapping Forrest on the shoulder. Despite the happy affair before her, Ellie May couldn't shake the resentment that plagued her heart. She was a part of their family; she knew she was one of them. They shared meals, laughter, chores, stories - but Howard was something entirely their own. He was a stranger to her and she feared that his presence would sever some of her new ties to the Bondurants. What if he didn't like her? Surely, they would side with Howard. And where would she stay now? She was in his room, after all. Little Emmy could merely take up her former residence with her older sisters, but where was Ellie May to go? Forrest caught her eye amidst the commotion. She forced a small grin and politely retreated to the family room. She plopped down in front of the radio, wringing her hands in her lap. Forrest trickled in behind her a few moments later. He dropped to the coarse rug with a sigh, his arm casually falling over Ellie May's shoulders. Ellie May was no stranger to Forrest's keen perceptiveness. Nor to his stubbornness. She knew it was futile to pretend her inner turmoil was anything less than it was. With a frown, she leaned into him and confessed, \"Please do not misunderstand me. I'm very happy for you and your family, Forrest. I'm glad Howard is safe and is able to return. It's just...well...\" \"You don't know him,\" he finished for her as the words died on her tongue. Ellie May nodded, chewing her bottom lip. She gave a half-shrug, \"What if he doesn't like me?\" Forrest asked, \"What if he don't? Don't matter none. You're here to stay whether he does or not. You ain't here outta convenience, Ellie. You ain't here cause we thought it'd be nice to have another sister. You're here because this is where you belong, plain and simple.\" Ellie May always felt a little silly when she talked to Forrest about important matters. He had such a simple view on life that his opinions tended to make Ellie May feel like she over thought things quite a bit. \"But what about his room? He'll need it back now an-\" \"Naw, he don't. Howard lives up in Penbrook with Lucy. He just uses that room when he stays during the summer and helps around here with the tobacco harvest.\" Oh. It suddenly occurred to Ellie May that she knew that. When she'd met Howard's wife Lucy at the Jamison wood chopping, the girls had mentioned something about a shared cabin in the mountains. Why hadn't she put two and two together? \"Guess y'all called it Howard's room so much I just...I'm being foolish again, aren't I?\" \"Think you just worry too much sometimes,\" said Forrest honestly. When she remained silent, the Bondurant boy hooked his hand under her chin, his warm touch making every part of Ellie May scream with life. He brought her face up to get a better look in her eyes. He spoke seriously, his soothing voice like hot tea spilling down her throat. \"He's gonna like you, Ellie. No need to worry 'bout it. And if he don't, he'll lie.\" Ellie May scoffed, her eyes rolling. \"That's comforting.\" He blinked, his expression saying what his mouth wouldn't. That's the truth . And Ellie May grinned as she pressed her mouth to kiss cheek. \"Thank you, Forrest.\" Regardless of her little chat with Forrest, Ellie May was determined to find an excuse to go to town the next morning. Papa Bondurant seemed to anticipate such and sent her to the hospital in Rocky Mount, a brown envelope of cash in her hand. Nearly three months after the incident and they were still paying Forrest's hospital bill. The young girl took her time lollygagging about town. She stopped at a few shops, hit up the water fountain, and dipped into the cold foods store and bought herself an ice cream soda. Her drive back to the farm was a leisurely, scenic tour. She drove by Maggodee Creek, by the school house, and for a moment thought about driving by her father's house to see if he was still alive or if he'd wilted away into a drunken stupor. But Ellie May knew better. Going by her father's house wouldn't do anything but stir up unneeded trouble. Besides, she knew she was being plain cowardly. It was time to face her fears. She slowly pulled into the drive and parked behind the barn by the tool shed. The ancient truck she'd driven to town more closely resembled a wagon with an engine than any truck she'd ever seen. It was the first vehicle Papa had ever owned. He'd bought it a week before he proposed to their mother and couldn't let it go, despite the fact that he had his Ford now and that this truck was older than dirt. Whenever folks asked why he didn't just give the darn thing away, Papa would argue that they used it for the farm, which they seldom did, and proudly grin, \"Anyhow, this here truck will never quite runnin'. It's like peanut brittle, it just won't break.\" Ellie May sat in the aged truck for quite some time. She fiddled with the steering wheel, her foot tapping nervously on the floorboard. She gazed out the front window at the expanse of fields that made up the Bondurant farm. Purple clovers dotted the hills and she could see the outline of Smith Mountain through the haze of clouds. She swallowed thickly, her eyes darting swiftly to the house. Might as well get it over with. Contrary to her thoughts, there was no big celebration inside. No music or laughter. No great commotion. Hell, there was practically no sign of life at all. Ellie May paused just inside the front door. She tentatively called out and was greeted with silence. \"Where is everyone?\" she muttered aloud. \"Ellie May? That you?\" Era emerged from the back room when the door slammed shut behind Ellie May. Emmy was hanging like a ragdoll on her hip. The little girl was curled around her torso, her face pressed into Era's shoulder. Ellie May frowned, \"Is Emmy okay?\" Era smirked, \"I think all the excitement this morning wore her out.\" Ellie May glanced about. \"What excitement?\" Era laughed, shifting the little girl in her grip. \"Yeah. It is kinda dead, ain't it? The boys are out in the field with Papa and Momma and Bel are out back dryin' the laundry. You missed Howard. He left 'bout an hour ago. Headed up to Penbrook to see Lucy.\" \"Already? But he just got here.\" Era shrugged. \"He'll be back. Howard can't stay in one place for too long. God knows being trapped on that ship back from France for three months probably killed him.\" \"It took three months for them to get back?\" gasped Ellie May. Geography wasn't her best subject by any means but the Atlantic Ocean couldn't possibly be that large, could it? \"Well, Howard won't say, but I heard daddy talking about it. Apparently, the trip only took about five weeks between port stops and whatnot. But somewhere along the way a few of the men contracted influenza. When they reached Norfolk more than half of the company had died; they were kept in quarantine in the harbor for a month. Can you believe that? He's been safe in America for a month and we had no clue.\" \"That's awful,\" frowned Ellie May. \"Howard is okay, though?\" Era gave a very unlady-like snort. \"Shoot, he's fine. You ain't met him yet, so you don't know, but Howard…it's gone take a damn tornado, and an earthquake too, to take that boy down.\" Again, Era shifted her little sister and asked Ellie May, \"Well, did you have fun in town? You got back awful late.\" \"Oh, I, um, I had to, uh,\" the girl stammered. Thankfully for Ellie May, right about that time Jack burst through the front door, Forrest not far behind. It was time for lunch. Era passed Emmy to Ellie May and set about making the boys a few scrambled egg sandwiches. Ellie May joined them at the table, Emmy clinging to her neck. She murmured to Forrest, \"He's already gone, huh?\" Forrest cut her a look. She knew the expression well; it was the one that meant Forrest would talk to her about it later. She nodded once and tightened her hold on Emmy. Ellie May turned to Jack instead, \"Are you happy, Jackie? Your big brother's back.\" \"Huh?\" asked Jack, pulling his face out of his glass of milk. A white mustache rimmed his mouth. He lazily licked his lips. \"Oh, uh, yeah.\" The lack of enthusiasm was evident in his voice and Forrest couldn't help but grin. Jack couldn't give too shits less if Howard was home or not. Howard was more or less a stranger to Jack, who was barely six years old when Howard went off to war. Emmy yawned into Ellie May's neck and she rubbed circles on the little girl's back. \"You sleepy, baby girl? You wanna take a little nap?\" Emmy nodded, another yawn escaping her tiny mouth. Ellie May took the girl to their room, kicking the door shut with her foot. She laid Emmy on the bed, pulling the ribbon from her hair. Immediately, Emmy burrowed her head in the pillow, fisting the quilt and tucking it under her arms. Ellie May giggled and patted Emmy's head affectionately. \"Sleep tight, sweet girl.\" Ellie May knelt to return the ribbon to the box where the rest of her hairbows sat. The box was in the bottom drawer of their dresser beside the old mason jar. As Ellie May put the ribbon away, she eyed the jar, the dark clump of wood jumping out at her. For a moment, she was still; she has completely forgotten about the mysterious clump of wood. Unscrewing the lid, she retrieved the gnarled wood and closed the drawer. Back in the kitchen, Forrest and Jack were digging into their egg sandwiches, Era nowhere to be seen. \"Forrest,\" mumbled Ellie May. \"When you're done can I have a word with you before you head back out to the field?\" His food paused halfway between his mouth and plate, Forrest gave a grunt and a nod before he continued to scarf the sandwich down. Ellie May waited on the couch, her legs folded beneath her. She turned the wood over and over in the palms, her fingers running over the bumpy surface. \"Where did you get that?\" Ellie May's head snapped up. Forrest was frozen in the doorway, his jaw clenched and his eyes narrowed. His face was drawn hard, not in anger but rather in shock. He took a staggering step forward and repeated himself. \"Ellie May, where did you get that?\" \"They found it on you when you were brought into Rocky Mount. They threw it away but…\" Her words trailed off momentarily. She stumbled a bit and extended the moldy wood to him. \"I don't know why I took it.\" Forrest crossed and took the outstretched object. He held the familiar figure, cradling it tenderly in his large palm. He ran his thumb over the edge, a sigh falling off his lips. The last time someone else has touched this, he'd nearly beat his little brother unconscious. He glanced at Ellie May. \"They threw it away?\" \"Thought it was trash from the sawmill.\" The Bondurant boy hesitated before taking a seat beside her. He held up the wood, the light from the open window glinting off it's hard edges. \"This used to be a soldier figurine. He was on a horse, his sword drawn. My grandfather made it. He used to pittle around with a blade, made a hundred of these things. When he died, I took them. Buried 'em back in the woods.\" \"What happened to it?\" It looked more like a misshapen walnut than the carving of a soldier. \"Exposure,\" he said lightly. \"Rain, mostly. And age. This is the only one left.\" \"He meant a lot to you,\" assumed Ellie May softly. Forrest's hand closed around the clump of wood. A minute passed and he slipped the figure into the breast pocket of his shirt. He placed his hand on her knee. \"Thank you for getting it back.\" \"I'm sorry I didn't return it sooner. To be honest, I'd kinda forgotten about it.\" Forrest nodded, \"S'alright.\" He stood, stretching his thick, long limbs. He gazed out the window. His father was bent over in the tobacco field. Jack was back and forth between the barn and chicken coop, feeding the animals. Forrest thought about the night he'd found Jack playing with the figures in the woods. He'd been so angry. It was a miracle he hadn't blacken the little boy's eye. But he honestly couldn't help it. Those figurines were his, something he'd shared with his late grandfather. He could remember sitting in his grandfather's lap as the old man smoothly carved the intricate details into the soldiers. Forrest could perfectly recall the intimate features of each individual piece. The broken legs, the desperate faces, the poised guns. The lump he kept now had been his favorite. Something about the horse, maybe. With a sigh, Forrest turned his back on the window and peered down at Ellie May. \"He meant more than a lot,\" he said simply before he left the room and returned to work. After supper Ellie May found herself alone with Forrest once more. They were settled on the back porch, her in the porch swing, him in the rocker. The last heat waves of summer had faded and the cool breeze of autumn wafted over the cascading hilltops of Franklin County. Ellie May pulled her sweater tighter around her, the very sweater give to her by Forrest last Christmas. She wondered how Forrest was handled his big brother's return. He had been silent on the subject so far, not wanting to discuss such matters in front of his family. At the moment he was musing silently, eyes sweeping over the family farm land. Ellie May waited patiently. Lord knows, Forrest would speak when he was ready. A doe appeared at the edge of the forest, its little nose in the dirt as it sniffed along the tobacco field. The small creature was a beautiful white tail, just a baby by the looks of it; and sure enough, seconds later a second deer emerged. The momma followed closely behind her young one, much more alert and focused. Forrest and Ellie May watched the lingering animals, small grins on their lips. When the deer grew bored and disappeared once again into the wood, Forrest turned to his companion. \"Howard ain't the same. The war changed him.\" The young girl smiled sadly. \"War often does.\" \"He told momma he was going to see Lucy.\" The stern frown on the Bondurant boy's face said he believed otherwise. \"He's up in the mountains somewhere drinking himself away. Ain't been to see that woman yet.\" \"Does Lucy know he's here?\" \"Doubt it. Momma'll probably give her a call in a day or two.\" The unrelenting weariness on Forrest's face cast a great age to him. He suddenly looked less like a strapping youngman and more like a grandpa withering away from a spent life. But that was the magnificence of Forrest Bondurant. He could be so removed. He lived his life privately; his business was his own. But in the same token, he cared so much about the ones he loved, that he took on a certain responsibility for their happiness and wellbeing. He was the watchful eye in the affairs of his family, a sort of guardian. That ability to care, to love so much, withholding nothing back, was part of what made him so dear to Ellie May. When the sunset, Forrest stood and beckoned for Ellie May to follow. Their home was quiet, the rest of the family already retired for the night. Forrest walked Ellie May to her bedroom door. She cupped his face, his boyish stubble tickling her fingers and palm. Tenderly, she stroked his cheek with her thumb and whispered, \"I know it'll be difficult, but try and get some rest tonight. Don't think about Howard or what the war done to him…just, sleep, alright?\" His unwavering gaze bore into her. Politely, Forrest dipped his head. \"Yes ma'am. G'night, Ellie May.\" She kissed his cheek right near the corner of his mouth and her lips linger for an eternity. \"Goodnight.\" I might have teased you all a bit. Howard doesn't actually make an appearance in this chapter but he's in the next one! Quite a bit, actually. I hope you enjoyed this nonetheless. Just to clarify a few things, it's been four months since the wood chopping. It's now October and Forrest is off the crutches. He has also already squared things with Clyde. That will be explained later; it just didn't fit right here. If you have any questions, feel free to leave them in a review and I will answer as soon as possible.[Chapter 9] As promised, this chapter is packed full of Howard and, of course, dear Forrest. Be forewarned, Howard's totally broody. Like, Robert Pattinson broody. (Is that how you spell Pattinson?) But unlike R Pattz, Howard actually has reason. In the book it's heavily pointed at that Howard has PTSD from the war. PTSD being Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. A lot of soldiers get it but living back then, things like PTSD weren't accepted. If you couldn't handle war you were a pansy and if it messed you up mentally, you were often sent off to a mental clinic. It's really quite awful to think about. These men fought for our country and then were judged for being a little jostled afterward. Okay, sorry, off the soap box. Anyhoo, thanks again for your awesome support. Thank you so much to those who repeatedly share their thoughts. Your input is always great and always taken into consideration. Seriously, I love you guys. Chapter Eight Three days passed without Ellie May so much as seeing hind or hair of Howard Bondurant. However, she had heard plenty of rumors popping up all over town. Folks talkin' 'bout the take-no-shit days of Howard's misspent youth; days when he would whoop men twice his age and size; days when he would scamper off with some farmer's daughter, intent on corrupting her; days when he would outdrink mountain men, his belly full of white lightening. Ellie May tried to not listen to the nonsense. She knew to take rumors at face value for what they were, plain country gossip. But she'd seen the toughness of Forrest first hand, had heard what he'd said about the war changing his brother, and Ellie May couldn't help but wonder just which Howard she was going to meet. That is, if he ever showed up again. As fate would have it, she'd get her answer a bit sooner than she'd like. She was squatted at the picnic table that sat in front of the tool shed cleaning the fish Papa and the boys brought home for dinner. They'd managed to make off with a pretty decent load. Papa and Forrest caught two smallmouth bass and three trout a piece, Forrest also catching a black crappie. Jack proudly suckered in five black crappie but was disappointed that he didn't catch a bass, too. Using a dull kitchen knife, Ellie May scraped the scales off one of the trout. The knife moved from tail to gills, shredding the scales off in little flecks. She then sliced the trout's stomach, scraping out the insides with a wooden spoon. She chopped off the head and tossed the fish into the bucket of water at the end of the table. Wiping her hands, she counted the remaining fish. Three more to go. Beside the tool shed, Jack and Cricket were chasing one another, making little pistols with their fingers. The young boys were playing Cowboys and Indians. This time, Cricket was the Cowboy and he was trying to rope in Indian Jack. \"C'mere, Injun! Ain't no use runnin'! We gone get you either way!\" Jack jumped over Ellie May's bucket of water, climbing on top of the picnic table. He let out a great holler, making his voice waver like an Indian's call, repeatedly slapping his hand over his mouth. \"You ain't never gonna get me! I'm faster than the wind! That's why they call me Runs with Horses!\" \"Jack Bondurant,\" snapped Ellie May as she slapped at his scrawny ankles. \"Get off this table right now! You have lost your mind!\" \"Yeah, Runs with Horses! Get down and fight me like a man!\" urged Cricket as he ran at the table, snatching at Jack's legs. The impact of Cricket slamming into the table made Ellie May's grip on the knife slip and the blade dug into her palm. She hissed low in the back of her throat, dropping the trout and knife. She grabbed a cleaning rag and pressed it hard to her palm. \"Oh, I-I'm sorry, Miss Ellie May,\" stammered Cricket, he and Jack wide eyed and fearful. Ellie May gritted her teeth. Her palm stung like hell. \"S'alright, Cricket. Do me a favor and fetch me a clean glass of water.\" There was no way in hell she was going to wash her wound in the fish water. Cricket did as she said, Jack running back and forth after him, and the boys watched as she poured the water over the cut and wiped at the blood. It was still bleeding and she thought she might need Belva to sew it up. Wrapping the cloth around her hand, she shooed the boys and made then return to their play. \"Bet that hurt like a bitch,\" said a rough, strangled voice behind her. Facing the newcomer, Ellie May nearly gasped at the sight. Howard Bondurant was a giant man, broadly built and more than six and a half feet tall. His massive frame was wrapped tight like a ghoulish nightbreed and lack of nutrition from eating only war rations had hollowed out his face, the flesh curving in under his eyes and cheeks. There was something terrifying in the deadlike quality of his face. The colossal man eyed her carefully. \"You're Ellie.\" \"Ellie May,\" she corrected. \"You must be Howard. It's a pleasure to meet you.\" He snorted, the mason jar of corn whiskey sloshing precariously in his hand. \"Is it?\" He swayed suddenly and stumbled a few steps closer. Ellie May could smell the familiar stench of liquor, her chest clenching painfully. She wasn't one to tell people how to live their lives but after watching her father succumb to the evils of booze, she couldn't help but feel a bit disgusted with the eldest Bondurant son. Howard brought the jar to his lip, the dirty liquid pouring down his throat and dribbling down his chin. He swallowed thickly, the never ending burn of mountain liquor warming him from his core. \"You enjoyin' sleepin' in my bed?\" \"Howard.\" They turned and saw Forrest coming out of the barn. He eyed his older brother, took in the cut on Ellie May's hand. \"Go home, Howard.\" Howard belched, raising a limp hand. \"Now-\" Forrest swiftly cut off his brother's weak, drunken protest, \"Go home , Howard. Go see your wife. Go see Lucy.\" Howard blinked slowly. The mason jar fell from his hand and rolled in the fallen leaves. He cleared his throat, his eyes darting about. Finally, his gaze came to rest on Forrest. He gave a slow, comprehensible nod and he muttered his wife's name like a foreign memory as he stumbled off toward the road. Howard clapped his younger brother on the shoulder as he passed, his head hung low. They watched him go and when he was out of sight, Ellie May released a breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. Forrest approached her, kneeling beside the bench and taking her wounded hand in his. He peeled back the cloth and eyed the damage. \"Did he do this?\" \"What?\" gasped Ellie May. \"No. Forrest, he didn't touch me. It was an accident. Cricket and Jack were messing around and bumped into the table while I was scaling the fish.\" Forrest's jaw flexed and he nodded, a low grunt rumbling in his throat. His automatic assumption that Howard had hurt her concerned Ellie May. Did he think his brother was dangerous? Had being in France really changed him that much? She laced her fingers through his and gave a gentle squeeze. \"Do I need to put stock in those rumors?\" Forrest frowned. \"He's big and drunk, but he ain't mean. Least not to anyone who don't deserve it.\" \"Then why are you so unsettled?\" The muscles in his jaw twitched as he struggled for an answer. When he seemed unable to produce such, he pitifully laid his head down in her lap, his arms curling around her waist. Ellie May ran her fingers through Forrest's short hair, dusting out bits of clay and sawdust. She massaged her scalp with the pads of her fingers, paying particular attention to the tightness around his temple. \"Maybe,\" she murmured softly. \"You're worried that Howard could control himself before but the war has changed that. But you won't know until you see it.\" \"I don't want him to do something stupid, Ellie. Mess up his whole life and Lucy's just cause he can't control it no more.\" His voice was muffled and she could feel his lips moving against her leg, his hot breath tickling her skin even through the skirt of her dress. \"Then I guess we just got to watch out for him is all. Least until we know he's going to be alright.\" But they weren't able to follow through with their good intentions as Howard was hardly ever at the farm to be looked after. The eldest Bondurant spent the first several weeks of his less than glorious return home bouncing between stills on Turkey Cock Mountain getting drunker than a skunk just about every day of the week. Sometimes he passed through the family farm for a day or two, maybe even went to see his wife, but mostly he spent time slinking off into the night to get drunk with his pal Danny Mitchell, who had arrived back from the war just days after Howard. It seemed the days Ellie May agonized over his arrival were more than wasted. To her, Howard remained a stranger. When December rolled around Howard seemed to have a change of heart. He showed up at the farm and intended to make his stay. Howard never spoke of what happened to him in France or aboard the ship, and no one ever asked. He merely stomped through the house, an angular shadow that crouched at the table and quietly inhaled his food. He'd work the fields with the men and politely open doors for the women, but other than that, he was more of an observer than a member of the family. One chilly evening during Howard's stay, Papa Bondurant decided he was tired of looking at the scraps of wood left over from their remodel of the chicken house. He got Forrest and Howard to move the broken lumber to a back corner of the land where the ground was devoid of any signs of life, only packed clay. When the sun set, Papa poured half a gallon of petrol on the pile and struck a match. A blaze flared up like somethin' you ain't never seen and the Bondurants gathered around the bon fire to waste the night away amongst good company. Somehow or another, Ellie May had gotten herself situated right next to Howard, the silent giant. She watched him kick at the fire with his foot, his expression curious. Dangerous. She cleared her throat, leaning forward on the stump. \"How's Lucy?\" It was the only thing she could think of to say. The fact that he had a wife was just about the only thing she really knew about the eldest Bondurant boy. Well, that and the fact that he drank rotgut like it was mother's milk. Nevertheless, this was apparently the wrong thing to say as Howard's eyes darkened and he shot her an amused glance. He seemed to take pleasure in that Ellie May shrank away from him. The massive man snorted, and he snatched up a stick to probe the raging inferno, the flames licking at the velvet night sky. \"Word around town is Clyde Eller got himself into a big ole mess with Forrest. Heard old Forrest beat Eller like he stole somethin'. Folks seem to think the whole thing was about you.\" Ellie May licked her lips, her jaw tightening. She didn't like the way Howard insinuated that it was her fault. \"Well I reckon Eller got what he did because he put Forrest in the hospital for two months. But, hell, I could be wrong. Not like Forrest'll talk about it either way, so what can I do?\" Howard gave half a laugh, a rare smile lighting up his face. \"Yeah, that sounds like Forrest. He always was the quiet type.\" Suddenly, Ellie May saw a strange opportunity. Howard could tell her about Forrest. And not like his sisters would. They could only tell her the surface details: how he liked his omelet, which hand he wrote with, etc. But Ellie May was willing to bet anything that Howard knew just what made Forrest tick. Now, if only she could get him to tell her. She crossed her ankles, trying to seem casual. \"Has he always been so sure of himself? Forrest, I mean.\" \"Shoot,\" Howard snorted. \"That boy was born with his mind made up. Even when he was a youngin', smaller than Emmy, Forrest couldn't be told how to do a damn thing. He was gone do shit his way and there wasn't nothin' no one could do about it.\" Howard got a reminiscent glaze in his eyes. He shot her a grin. \"This one time, Forrest couldn't a been more than ten back then. Well, Papa was tryin' to show Forrest how to kill a sow an-\" \"What?\" gasped Ellie May. Forrest learned how to kill a pig when he was ten? He was just a boy! The eldest Bondurant furrowed his brow. \"Do you want to hear the story or not?\" Ellie May couldn't help but laugh a bit. She apologized and insisted he continue. \"Thank you. Now, Papa wanted Forrest to use a boning knife. But Forrest wouldn't have none of it. He got Papa's old bolt-action .22 rifle and shot the sow straight between the eyes.\" \"Why did he want Forrest to use the knife? Wasn't shooting him less painful for the pig?\" Howard looked irritated by her continuous interruptions. He sighed, shaking his head. \"A pig is a pig. You gone eat it anyway. I ain't sayin' you gotta torture the thing but don't beat yourself up about hurtin' it. You gotta drain the blood out of the sow before you can cut it up to process the meat. Quickest way to do that is to cut its throat and then string it up. Since you gonna cut it's throat anyway, why waste the bullet?\" Ellie May felt her lips curling in repugnance. \"That is a terrible outlook. That poor animal.\" Howard waved his hands dismissively. \"You're missin' the whole point! Look, Forrest shot the damn thing and Papa whooped him for it, 'cause he specifically told Forrest to use the knife. Well, a week later, it was time to kill another but instead of using the knife, again, ole Forrest shot the sow. As you can image, our old man wasn't too happy about it. He tore the hind off of Forrest like you wouldn't believe. The next day they went out to the pig pen and Papa thrust that boning knife in Forrest's hand and said, 'Boy, you gone stand here 'til you do what I say.'\" \"And?\" demanded Ellie May enthusiastically when Howard paused. \"And Forrest refused. That boy got two more whoopin's and wasn't allowed supper for two days.\" \"My Lord,\" muttered Ellie May. Howard nodded, \"But, damned if Forrest don't shoot every pig he kills to this day.\" \"What the hell you talkin' 'bout, Howard?\" grumbled the boy in question as he finished shoveling the last load of used wood onto the burning pile. Howard shot Ellie May a wink, \"Aw, nothin', baby brother.\" Forrest narrowed his eyes. \"I'm sure. Ellie, is this moron botherin' you?\" \"Look at that, stickin' up for your girl, huh, Forrest?\" teased Howard. The oaf of a man slung an arm around Ellie May's shoulders. He jostled the girl affectionately. \"We's just gettin' to know each other, is all.\" Ellie May grinned, her eyes rolling as she shoved the massive man away. \"We're fine, Forrest. Is that the last of it?\" He nodded, dusting off his palms on his dungarees. \"Yep. Should burn to about midnight so we elected dear Howard here to sleep outside, make sure the fire don't trail blaze.\" \"Oh, well you are too kind,\" muttered Howard in false appreciation. He shot Ellie May a wink and released her, slumping back against a pine tree. Though it felt sort of childish, Ellie May grinned at Forrest, joy swelling inside of her. She had actually talked to Howard and she reckoned he kinda liked her. He'd told her a story, something personal, and wasn't at all mean or hateful. Forrest caught the dopey smile on her face and chuckled. Leave it to Ellie to get happily riled up over a storytellin' 'bout a ten year old boy getting the snot beat outta him. I would just like to say that whoever proofread this (um, that would be me) was super lazy. And she (again, me) would like to apologize for any typos and mishaps she didn't catch. Cause she was being lazy. She (still me) should probably do something about that.[Chapter 10] I took a lot longer with this chapter than I normally do. The tone of the story is about to shift drastically and I wasn't completely sure where I wanted to go with this. I tinkered with it for quite some time and I have to say I like where it's at. I hope you all agree. Chapter Nine Howard's slouching form became a near constant force on the Bondurant farm, though there was the occasional night where his cot would remain untouched and they'd find him stumbling in for breakfast the next morning, his breath rank with the foul stench of booze. He became a recognized presence in their lives once again. He and Ellie May hadn't exactly become bosom buddies, but he was there and that was a start. It was strange, a slow and painful progression toward building some sort of amiable relationship. Ellie May did not instantly connect with Howard like she had his brothers and sisters, but she was forced to count her blessings. At least he was there. At least he was trying. He wouldn't admit it, but since his older brother's return, Forrest had been teetering on the edge of sane and sick with stress. Most nights he worried himself ill over his brother's affairs. Fortunately, since Howard took up boarding on the farm Forrest was able to keep an eye on him, able to assure himself Howard wasn't up to no good. Gradually, the tension slid off Forrest's brow, rolled down his shoulders, shook itself off the worn soles of his boots. He could sleep easier knowing all it took was one glance across the field and there he'd see his big brother chopping wood, raking leaves, or lugging hay. Yeah, Howard's return had become old news and now they were moving on as a family. Momma and Papa Bondurant couldn't have felt more blessed; all of their children were together, healthy and happy, and that was the way it should'a been. Unfortunately, life couldn't be perfect forever and before they knew it summer was upon them once again and the warm weather brought the Spanish Lady Flu along with it. The epidemic swept through the south, into the deepest hollows and mountain ridges of Franklin County. The county went into self-imposed quarantine having experienced this magnitude of illness before when smallpox and diphtheria ravaged the countryside. All activity came to a standstill as families huddled, safe in their homes. Papa Bondurant was forced to close his general store and unlike the summers before, the Bondurant children had to stay close to the farm. No more swimming in one of the dozens of creeks dividing Franklin County, no more Sunday Services at Snow Creek Baptist, no more visits with their neighbors, the Brodies and the Deshazos. Hell, it was almost like there was no more life period. All across Franklin County bodies were dropping like flies in the outrageous summer heat, some from the Flu but most from starvation. Few farms in the area were self-sustaining. Mostly, folks grew specialty crops and depended on trade. When the county shutdown, all trade ceased and many families were left to wilt away. But, thankfully, the Bondurants had plenty of dried and canned goods from the general store, and scores of preserved meat from the farm. Momma Bondurant figured they had enough food to last them through the upcoming fall and winter, which was more than anyone else in Blackwater Creek could say that's for sure. In spite of the awful epidemic, summer passed in a haze of good, full-body laughs and family meals around the Bondurant supper table. Then winter hit and Blackwater Creek was still suffering the last leg of the Lady Flu. By about this time Ellie May had completely forgotten about her father and had fallen utterly in love with Forrest Bondurant. There was something in the way he smiled at his siblings, in the way he playfully punched his little brother, in the way he let Emmy climb over him like he was an oak out in the yard, in the way he silently endured his own suffering as well as the suffering of others. Ellie May saw a lot of goodness in Forrest. Maybe it was left over gratitude from the ordeal with her father; he'd practically rescued her from the man, after all. Or perhaps it was because Forrest had always been a little easier on Ellie May. He was different with her; he didn't tease quite so hard, wasn't lude or obnoxious in her presence – the way he was with his brothers on occasion. Then there were the shared glances and the quiet words passed on late nights when the others were already snuggled away in their beds. In was in these private, secret moments that Ellie May suspected Forrest might love her, too. One night in early December, George Brodie hammered on the Bondurant's door in the middle of the night. Ellie May thought she was having another nightmare about her father, something that hadn't happen in over a year, but the hurried, pounding knocks continued. Through the door Ellie May heard Papa's growl of a curse, \"Goddamnit, Brodie!\" Ellie May rose and snatched up a robe, shushing Emmy back to sleep. Stepping into the hall, Ellie May collided with Forrest's bare back, his skin milky in the hazy night. The Bondurant boy cast a downward glance at her, his eyes sharp and focused. Over his shoulder she saw George Brodie knelt on their porch, his shoulders shaking as sobs shook his body. Brodie lifted his head and said something to Papa that Ellie May couldn't quite understand but the break in his voice was unmistakable. Papa Bondurant's shoulders tensed and for a moment all was still. Then, he turned and spoke, \"Ellie May, go get momna.\" Nodding once, Ellie May retrieved Momma, shaking the older woman gently in her sleep. She briefly relayed what little she knew and in a flash of lightening the family matriarch was strolling out of the room and into the kitchen. George Brodie was ushered inside so they could close the door against the harsh, Virginia snow. The man lingered at the edge of the table, his dirty face damp with tears. Momma fiddled with the coffee pot. \"Now, George, what's this all about?\" The man's lip quivered, \"I-I'm sorry, Dorothy. I just didn't know what else t-to do. Gertrude…she started convulsin' in her sleep, moanin' and hollerin'. I went in to check on 'er and there was blood everywhere. O-on her pillow and...and in her hair and on h-her night gown. And my wife she ain't doin' too good. She's practically d- dead , been in a sleep-coma for five days. I gotta get 'em some h-help and I didn't know where else to go. Pl-\" His voice cracked, a fresh batch of tears trailing down his cheeks. \"P-please, y'all gotta help me.\" Papa cut his wife a look. They both knew they had to do something. The Brodies had been good neighbors to them for well over twenty years. They couldn't just let the man's family die. By about this time, Belva and Era had heard enough of the ruckus and joined them in the kitchen their eyes droopy with sleep. Papa eyed his family, their sleepy eyes, their disheveled hair, their rumpled clothes. His jaw steeled. He looked at George and sighed, \"I'll come and bring Belva to help. We'll try to see what we can do.\" \"Daddy, no!\" Era shrieked. She threw her arms around her sister's neck, her eyes wide. \"She'll get the flu! And you, too! You can't go!\" \"We gotta do something, Era,\" their father declared, his tone heavy with finality. Belva was the eldest, save for Howard but tonight was one of the sporadic nights where Howard hadn't been accounted for; he was most likely passed out somewhere, left in the snow to sleep off his drunken idiocy. As the next eldest, this was Belva's responsibility. Plain and simple. Their mother parted her lips, a hot retort on the tip of her tongue, when Forrest spoke, his voice soft against the singing coffee pot. \"I'll go.\" A brief silence followed Forrest's interruption. Belva stared at her little brother, guilt and relief battling inside her. Ellie May and Era gazed on in horror, the latter weeping even heavier. Momma glared at her husband. She shook her head furiously, her chin beginning to quiver with rage. \"I won't have it, Gran, I won't have it.\" But Papa merely said, \"Forrest is old enough to make his own decisions, Dorothy. The man's family is dying. If it were you over there suffering, I'd need help, too.\" A few more words were had and when Forrest went to fetch a shirt and coat, Ellie May trailed after him. As his thick fingers fumbled with the buttons on his shirt, Ellie May pleaded with him not to go. \"You'll catch illness,\" she said. \"You could die .\" But Forrest knew this already. He merely finished dressing and said, \"Better me than Belva.\" Ellie May felt her stomach constrict painfully. \"Forrest, you don't mean that.\" He paused, as if trying to decide whether she was wrong or not, when his father appeared. It was time to go. Forrest gave Ellie May a small, sort of sad smile and with a smoky oil lamp in hand, they left, the two men and the boy, stomping through the woods and over the ridge to the Brodie farm, where a family lay dying. Papa and Forrest returned late the next afternoon. The rest of the family had spent the day in a nervous stillness. The chores were left unattended and somehow even Emmy and Jack knew that it was a solemn day. Belva and Era hid the day away, crying together in their room. Ellie May couldn't bare the sight of the weeping sisters and assisted Momma as she prepared a modest supper. \"Ellie May, take this food to the table by the toolshed. I reckon them boys'll be hungry by the time they get back. Better take some soap and towels out there, too. Lord knows they're gonna need scrubbing down before they step a foot back in the house.\" Ellie May braved the freezing December air and set out the chicken, biscuits, and greens on the work bench like she'd been asked. She covered the food with cloth napkins to keep in the warmth and keep out the flies. Then, she fetched a pitcher of water, soap, towels, and a few old quilts from the cupboard. Not half an hour after she'd set the meal out did Jack slap a hand on the window and shout, \"Momma, they're back!\" Their mother, Jack, and Ellie May watched from the window as Papa and Forrest ate their supper out in the cold, their breath coming out in short puffs of steam. After they ate they built a fire and filled the pig trough full of water. They began to strip down. Ellie May blushed something awful and she immediately excused herself. She spun on her toes to retreat to her room but not before taking one last glance out the window. His back was to her as he peeled off his shirt and dropped his pants to the snow-covered ground. The wind bit and tore at his skin, reddening its usually tanned pallor. Ellie May attempted to memorize the way his shoulders curved, the slight narrowing of his hips, the curve of his- Forrest had suddenly glanced back at the house. Their eyes met and Ellie May scampered away, caught. Nothing was said about what had transpired at the Brodie home. At least not at first. That night after the awful incident, the family was huddled around the stove, grateful for the presence of their family, save Howard who had still to return. The girls were busy knitting away when their father exclaimed fatigue. He was calling it a night and told the two younger children it was time for bed. The room cleared in a matter of minutes, only Forrest, Ellie May, and Jack remaining. Papa made his rounds, locking up the house, and when he stuck his head in the family room to tell Ellie May and Forrest goodnight, his eyes narrowed. \"Jack, I thought I told you to get to bed.\" \"Aww, daddy, just ten more minutes! I ain't sleepy yet!\" \"You ain't got sense yet, either, arguing with me like that. Boy, get to bed.\" Before Jack could protest, his brother piped up, \"I'll make him go in a few minutes. Let him stay up.\" Papa Bondurant eyed the boys wearily. He glanced at Ellie May, \"Send him to bed in ten, ya hear?\" \"Yes, sir,\" Ellie May giggled. Seemingly satisfied, their father slunk off to bed and the boys proceeded to wrestle about the family room floor, Forrest only kinda taking it easy on Jack. When it seemed the little one could take no more, they collapsed against the couch were Ellie May was laid out. \"Forrest,\" Jack said in the ever inquiring voice of a child. \"Do you have the Spanish Lady Flu?\" Ellie May tensed but Forrest simply chuckled and said nothing. Jack continued, gazing up adoringly at his older brother, \"Are we going to get sick, too? Are we going to die?\" Forrest was quite for a moment. He turned to Jack, the firelight dancing dangerously on his face. \"You think anything can kill the old man?\" This seemed to stump Jack and when the small boy remained silent, Forrest nodded, \"That's right. We're Bondurants. Nothing can kill us. We'll never die.\" Jack was sent to bed not long after and only the two teenagers remained. Another secret night alone, thought Ellie May as she slid off the couch to sit on the floor beside Forrest. Their shoulders, bumped, arms aligning. Many moments passed as they glanced at one another, drinking in the company. Eventually, Ellie May tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and asked, \"If I ask you what happened at the Brodie farm, will you tell me?\" She wasn't sure if she was crossing a line. Forrest was a tricky fellow. A few rules existed where he was concerned, and they were rules that only he knew. While Forrest wasn't big on sharing, he was usually a little more open to the idea of discussing things with Ellie May that he wouldn't normally share with anyone else. There were still gray areas, though; things he never spoke of, even with her. Things like what happened with Clyde Eller. Like what happened with her father. Thankfully, the Bondurant boy didn't appear bothered by her intrigue and he said, his voice low and somber, \"She died…Gertrude, his daughter. We got over there and she was shaking, her whole body rattling like train tracks. She was covered in her own blood. We tried to clean her up and keep her from choking on it but…she didn't make it through the night. Mr. Brodie was distraught. That was what took so long. When she passed he went mad, storming through the house. He got his shotgun and tried to kill himself. Papa talked him down, told him he still had a wife to look after. After that he went into his room and just sat there, staring at his wife. He wouldn't move, wouldn't say anything. We buried her, Gertrude, and burned all the bloody sheets. We knew he couldn't do it.\" Forrest paused for a second. \"It was awful, Ellie. She was eleven years old. Eleven. Might be the worst thing I've ever seen, 'cept for…\" \"Except for what?\" His stormy eyes met hers. There was a raw pain in Forrest's gaze, something deep rooted and personal. He swallowed. \"'Cept for that first night Papa brought you here.\" Had she really looked that awful? She could recall the details of that night and the next several days perfectly. She could feel her father's rough grip, could hear his terrible threats, smell the odor so particular to him. There was no doubt, that night would be forever burned in her memory, lingering like a bad dream in the recesses of her mind. But what she remembered most about that night was waking up in a warm bed, the sound of Jack and Emmy's gentle footfalls as they raced down the hall outside the door, the way Forrest silently slipped into the room and just stood there, so unabashed, so blatant. \"It was worth it, you know,\" she mumbled, her brow knitting together as the full weight of her discover washed over her. \"Whatta you mean?\" \"All those nights after my mother died that I spent hating my life, hating my father, crying and fussing, wondering why God was putting me through it…it was like, that was the price I had to pay to get here.\" Her speech was cautious as she chose her each word carefully. \"The life I have now, with you-\" And though Forrest knew she meant you in the plural form, meaning his family on a whole, his heart thumped in his chest nonetheless. \"-this life is so much better than any I could have had with my father, even if he had done right by me. Emmy and Jack, I love them. They're so full of happiness, so full of life. And Belva and Era and Momma, my father could never have done what they've done for me as far as being a woman goes. And, of course, there's your father and Howard and…and you.\" Forrest's gaze roamed her face. What about him? \"Forrest, I need you. I don't know why I just do and I think I went through what I did because if I had to find a way to get here. I needed a reason for your momma and daddy to take me in. I needed a reason to escape, to escape so that I could be here…with you.\" There came a low rumble from Forrest's throat as he nodded, his face pinched real tight. He was thinking hard and Ellie May felt a brief jolt of panic. Hot damn, she was scaring him away. They had spoken of their dependency on one another briefly once before, all those many months ago on that hot summer evening when Ellie May had shown up on the Bondurant farm, her hands clenched at her side and her chin stubbornly jutted out. Even then, neither offered explanation as to why they were so drawn, no explanation to the desperate cling that held them together. But times were changing. People were dying and life was offering all new perspectives. Ellie May glared at her hands. \"You know, sometimes I really hate that you're so damn quiet. Her eyes shifted to his face just in time to see the corners of his mouth twitch upward. He gave a silent chuckle and gruffly muttered, \"Apologies.\" She huffed. \"Well, I just meant tha-\" \"I know what you meant,\" he murmured, the deep timbers of his voice echoing through the quiet house. \"Guess I got a different view on that night s'all.\" \"But you know I wouldn't be here if that hadn't happened. You realize that?\" \"I do. Don't mean I gotta like, err, accept what he done to you.\" Ellie May frowned. \"I didn't say that.\" \"Know that, too,\" Forrest offered her a sad grin before taking her hand and being it to his lips. He placed a sweet kiss across her knuckles. \"You know I saw you the other night…\" Her lips pursed in confusion. The other night? Forrest gave a wolfish grin. \"Gotta say, I never took you for the peeping Tom type.\" Aw, hell. In a single second, the young girkl's face flushed two shades darker than a Tennessee tomato. She swatted his chest, drawing her knees inward to curl around them in embarrassment. \"You were the one getting naked outside! You knew we were watching!\" A deep laugh rumbled inside Forrest and his shoulders shook. He slung an arm around Ellie May's shoulders and drew her in despite her weak, halfhearted protests. \"Aw, don't be all shy. I don't mind,\" he winked at her. \"Sides I figure you was just tryin' to get square.\" \"Get square? For what?\" \"That night Papa brought you home. You was naked, remember?\" Her crimson skin darkened further and she furrowed her head in her arms. She wanted to holler in embarrassment, let the shyness seep out in a bellowed yell. \"Your momma let you see me naked?\" \"Ellie, who do you think carried you inside?\" he teased, the words low and seductive. Her head snapped up, eyes the size of a dinner plate. \"You what?!\" \"Sssh,\" whispered Forrest as he struggled to stifle his laughter. \"You gonna wake up the whole damn place.\" \"You're the one who brought me inside?\" hissed Ellie May. \"Why? I was naked!\" \"Oh I am well aware,\" Forrest murmured. A smile slowly wormed its way onto his face and he shrugged, \"It wasn't proper for Papa to do it. You were a naked little girl, he was a grown married man.\" \"He got me in the truck, didn't he?\" growled Ellie May. Her stomach was doing all kinds of flips and she was having trouble breathing. Forrest had carried her naked body. Her naked body. And she'd felt bad for looking at his! Her question gave Forrest pause. His brow drew together, \"Ain't never thought of that. Either way, don't matter I reckon. I still brought you in.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" groaned Ellie May, dropping her head to his shoulder. She closed her eyes and pressed her face against his itchy, wool coat. \"I can't believe your momma let you do that.\" Forrest tugged at a piece of her stringy brown hair. \"Ain't no reason to get fussy over it. It had to be done. And what reason was there for you to peek?\" \"Female curiosity,\" she mumbled into his chest, her voice muffled. Forrest snickered, \"I didn't quite catch that.\" \"Oh, shut up, Forrest.\" They were quiet for a moment, the fire in the stove dwindling down. The embers crackled softly, the poplar wood snapping as the flames gradually died. Forrest continued to twirl her hair around his fingers, twisting and tugging at the loose strands. She wormed her arm around his waist and hugged him, her breath eventually evening out as sleep consumed her. He knew she couldn't have been very comfortable, that he should put her in her bed. But he couldn't bring himself to rise. He wanted nothing more than to stay there, cradling her small body while she slept peacefully in his arms. Forrest never was good at sleeping with someone else in the room. When Jack came along and they were forced to share a bed, Forrest went without sleep for months. He was a naturally suspicious creature and sleeping with someone else there left one vulnerable. Vulnerability was something Forrest hated. Then there was Ellie May, snoozing soundly in his arms with no protest, no whines or jolts. Just a gentle up-and-down motion in her chest and a contentness to her face. Forrest brushed the harsh pad of his forefinger over her cheek, down the side of her face, and over her jaw. He tilted her chin up, noted the wrinkle in her nose, and pressed a firm kiss to her lips. He loved her so much. He could feel it in every part of him. It wasn't right, being so possessive over another human being's life but Forrest didn't much care. She was his, everyone else be damned. And if there ever came a day when she turned away from him, he would let her go. But he would always be there, watching from the shadows, her protector. Because that was what they had agreed on and Forrest Bondurant always kept his word. The next morning Howard returned to the house, rumpled and surly. He had spent the night sprawled under a pile of burlap sacks being a filling station in Boone's Mill, sleeping off a half liter of white mile. He gulped a cold breakfast of biscuits and ham on the front porch, wiping his hands on his greasy overalls, Jack sitting quietly beside him, drinking in the sour smell of his older brother. Howard stood and gave Jack a good pop on the back of the neck before lumbering off to the barn to help their father with feeding. A few days later Jack's mother, Forrest, Belva, and Era were all stricken with the flu. So there it is, folks. Sad, right? I'm gonna let you know, it's only gonna get worse. Things are about to get very sad. Prepare. Grab the Kleenex, and the chocolate, and the sappy, chick flicks. Once more, I just want to say thank you to everyone supporting this and taking the time to share your thoughts. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do. p.s. This is very poorly edited. Again. I'm sorry.[Chapter 11] This chapter covers a big stretch of time and some really serious stuff, so I wanted to take my time with it. That being said, sorry it's been so long but hopefully the result was worth it. A major thanks to: guest, Dotty Vintage, 26RH, Captain Nny, Laura Page Turner, annechou59, country strong '89, and Kay1104. As always, your more than kind words are so dearly loved and appreciated. I'm so glad you adore the story as much as I do! This story, without a doubt, has to be the most emotionally exhausting work I've ever done; and it makes me so happy to see, from your words, that it shows. Enjoy. Chapter Ten The following days passed quickly. The entire family was in a state of awful sorrow and fear. Jack felt like he was still in the twilight before sleep and wakefulness. Emmy knelt by the water pump, wringing the laundry between her tiny, red fingers as she rocked back and forth. Howard sat awkwardly on the front step, long legs angled in front of him, hat in his hands, his slab-like face blank. Their father stood quietly for hours in the dim hallway like a ghost. Ellie May lingered at the kitchen sink, eyes fixed on Forrest's bedroom door, her chest permanently clenched. Their mother, Belva, Era, and Forrest were bedridden, their skin puckered a strange shade of blue. The Spanish Lady Flu had struck them down mercilessly. They were exhausted but couldn't sleep. Their stomachs perpetually churned with hunger but they could hold down no food. They were miserable and there was nothing to be done except wait. On the morning his mother died, Jack stood by his father's chair and Papa Bondurant put his hand on his son's shoulder as he gazed out the window toward the long road. Howard leaned against the stove, arms crossed over his broad chest, frowning at the floor. Beside him stood Ellie May, a sobbing Emmy clinging tightly to her chest. \"Oh, y'all,\" moaned their father. His voice was disturbing, possibly more disturbing than the sight of their dead mother laid out on the floor covered with a quilt. It was raw and pained, agony seeping through as it quaked with a hurt they'd never known their father to feel. \"It's all gone.\" Howard raised his head and stared at his father. \"All the goodness has gone out of the world,\" he continued pitifully. There were tears on his father's face and Jack's heart squeezed like a fist. Though he tried hard not to, he broke down and sobbed on his father's shoulder. Belva died a day later, followed immediately by Era. Finally, Papa had suffered all he could stomach. He locked himself away in the bedroom he'd shared with his wife and stayed there for nearly four days. He could not take the loss of the woman he loved dearly, much less the loss of his two eldest daughters, too. The pain was more than he could take and Howard feared his father might do something drastic. Something like take his own life. On the morning of the fourth day, Howard was seconds from breaking the door down when he heard the floorboards creak and the door opened. Though his father looked directly into his eyes, he saw straight through Howard and turned without a word, walking straight out the back door. Forrest lay in bed like a stone that week, his face impassive and leaden, refusing to eat anything in spite of Ellie May's pleas and cries. She was so worried for him. First his mother, then both of the girls, was Forrest next? But suddenly one morning he rose from his bed. When he emerged, his body gaunt and wasted, his eyes sunken, to join what remained of his family at the breakfast table, it was as if his strength had withered and focused itself like a leather strap. He was testing the last little bit of life within him. Their sisters' bodies had joined their mother's on the floor beneath the quilt. Nobody said anything. After the loss of the other women, Ellie May was forced to fulfill the caretaker role for the younger ones, more so Emmy than Jack, who shadowed Forrest day in and day out. She also took over as the leader of the household. She prepared the meals, dictated the little ones' chores, oversaw the laundry and housekeeping. She became the surrogate mother. It was easier at first than she imagined. Her body ran on instinct and pure resolve. She pushed herself, trying to accomplish alone the tasks that it had previously taken four women to complete, because it had to be done. She ran on little-to-no sleep, shutting off all emotion and acting without thought. Her moves were compulsory, automatic, and when the next morning came she'd rise to do it all over again, despite the sleepy sting in her eyes and the ache in her limbs. There was no other option. It seemed that no one attempted to cope with the massive loss but, after that first week, no one mourned outright, either. Grieving was too painful of a reminder, so everyone continued on as if nothing had changed. Yet, nothing was the same. Papa withdrew into himself, as did Forrest. Howard had once again taken to keeping away from the house, staying out all through the night; when he returned sometime near dawn, he reeked of corn liquor and collapsed into his bed like a dead man. Jack was often left alone to himself, aimlessly wandering in the barns, long fields, and wooden stretches that made up the farm. Emmy was in a constantly teary-eyed state, whimpering to herself and rocking in place. Always rocking. And Ellie May cleaned. With their father in his nearly comatose state, Forrest doubled his efforts on the farm, doing what his father no longer could. His body was still weak from the sickness and in the evenings his limbs and torso ached with a rawness so strong he trembled from it. The pads of his fingers were cracked, the skin of his knuckles chaffing. His calves and shoulders twitched at night as he lay in bed. But like Ellie May, he pushed on through the pain and exhaustion because the work had to be done and if he didn't do it, who would? Howard tried to help his little brother in their father's stead, and Forrest knew he was honestly trying. But most mornings when Forrest would rise before dawn, his body groaning, preparing for a laborious day, Howard would be just arriving home, his eyes bloodshot and weary, his breath sour. He wouldn't see Forrest as he stomped through the kitchen to pass out on his cot, his giant body falling limply to the floor. Howard would sleep off the white lightening for a few hours before joining Forrest in the fields. Wasted from a night of drinking, his work was sluggish and half-assed. This meant that Forrest often had to go back behind Howard to correct his sloppy work, making his big brother's presence more of a hindrance than a helping hand. They carried on this way for roughly two weeks. Then, Forrest decided he'd had enough. Forrest snapped on ole Howard like a bear trap, his face glowing red, the veins in his neck and forehead springing to life. He was sick of Howard's shit, he'd yelled. If Howard didn't quit drinkin' he might as well stop coming home. 'Course, Howard didn't rightly like that too much and he seized Forrest by his uppers arms, \"What did you say to me, boy?!\" It was the first time Howard had ever laid hands on Forrest in anger. Granted, it was also the first time Forrest had ever blown a gasket. Even when his temper burned white hot so bad his hands shook and he saw red, Forrest had always been able to maintain control of himself. But in the days following the loss of his mother and sisters, most of his efforts were spent controlling the swelling grief within him, with little thought given to much else. Though his body was still recovering, and in spite of Howard being nearly a foot taller, Forrest managed to rip himself from his big brother's hold and bring the other man to his knees. \"Don't you put your hands on me like that again, you hear me?\" growled Forrest, his chest heaving heavily as he refrained from striking his brother about the face. Howard, shocked stupid that Forrest had been able to knock him down, teetered on the ground attempting to regain composure. He grumbled and narrowed his eyes, climbing to his feet. He pointed a finger at Forrest, \"Don't you go gettin' a big head. Only reason you was able to do that 'cause I'm-\" \"Lit?\" offered Forrest. He'd calmed a bit and all the previous traces of rage had left his voice. \"Yeah, I know. That's the problem. Howard, you can't keep on like this.\" \"You ain't my daddy, For'est,\" grunted Howard. \"You damn right, I ain't. And that man in there,\" he motioned the house. \"He ain't our daddy, either. Not no more. He's changed, Howard. We all have and that's somethin' we gone have to account for. I can't keep picking up after you. Now, either get your shit together and sober up, or we're gonna lose the farm.\" His big brother scoffed, bitterly muttering, \"Ain't you bein' a little dramatic?\" But there was a scared truth in Howard's eyes. Forrest licked his lip thoughtfully. He said nothing, his mind and body spent, but gazed at his brother. Howard was amazed that his little brother, someone years younger and feet smaller than him, could pin him with one stare and make him feel like the biggest piece of shit on the planet. Guilt rippled through him, mixing with the bits of mountain liquor that lingered in his blood. Howard's lips curled. \"Fuck you, Forrest,\" he spat. And with that, he turned and slunk off into the woods. Five days would pass before they'd see him again. About three months before Forrest and the women contracted the Spanish Lady Flu, the eighteenth amendment to the Constitution was ratified. Prohibition, they called it, because the new amendment prohibited making, selling, and transporting any and all liquor within, to, or from, the United States. Basically, the government was tryin' to outlaw booze in America. As most folks can image, that didn't go too well. In major cities there was big uproar but mostly everyone turned a blind eye, drinking and carryin' on without so much as a second thought. For Franklin County, prohibition came at the wrong time. The county was still suffering the plague of Spanish Lady Flu and didn't rightly have time to give two shits about what the government said. All that stump whiskey they were making in the mountains was about the only thing gettin' folks by. Someone got the flu and they're hurtin'? Give 'em some mule. That was the way it worked. No government law was gonna change that. Well, a couple of months later, the Volstead Act was passed. The Act was meant to enforce the law, since all over the country folks were pretending like prohibition was optional, leaving an understaffed federal service to try and shut down all production and distribution. Mostly the feds went after big cities, especially in the north east; Chicago, New York, Boston, Baltimore, and the like. With the need of liquor rising in the cities, production in the country rose to an all-time high. Following the final bout of the Spanish Lady Flu, dozens of farms throughout Franklin County failed. For some, it was because the land had ruined and the crops died when the families quarantined themselves. But mostly, it was because too many families lost their sons. Without sons, who was there to plow the fields, to shuffle the hay? That's when a lot of those men turned to making booze. Nearly everyone in Franklin County knew how to make the stuff. Wasn't no big secret. And, hell, since their farms were useless and there was a big call for liquor from the cities, men went to making mountain whiskey full-time. Like it was a great career, or somethin'. Danny Mitchell, Howard's buddy, had an old still up in Turkey Cock Mountain. Those five days that Howard was gone, he was lost in the underbrush of the mountain, chugging down white lightening with Danny as they repaired the still's stove furnace and thump keg. \"We gone make a shit ton of money, Howard. You know that? I heard the Duling brothers from West Virginia sold a load of their whiskey all the way to Floyd County. Can you imagine? Guess there ain't no length a man won't go to get some drank.\" Howard had listened carefully as Danny told him all about it. About how J. O. Shively, Arthur Land, Gummy Coleman, and even little Tom Cundiff were getting serious about selling. The whole idea seemed funny to Howard. These boys, their whole lives were spent brewing up small batches of stump whiskey in the mountains. But most of the stuff they churned out was about as good as horseshit. What made them think folks was gone buy it? \"So whatta you say, Howard? You gone get in on it?\" asked Danny. There was no missing the exhilarated underbelly of his voice. He stared at Howard with wide eyes and a crooked grin. It's amazing , thought Howard, that we both made it back from the war. Considering together we got about the same sense as a goat. Howard gave a short nod. \"Sure, Danny. Let's do it.\" \"Aw, great. Shit, man, this is just great. What'chu gonna do with all your dough? Me? I'm gonna buy me a new house. That shack we livin' in now ain't fit to house chickens.\" What would Howard do with the money? Howard suddenly thought of his wife, Lucy, in Penbrook. He thought of their modest home where the water was barely warm and the rats had more to eat than his wife did. His stomach flipped painfully. He could feel the liquor burning his throat, feel the familiar stinging sensation behind his eyes. Forrest was right; he was damn near useless. Flopping back into the grass, Howard's gaze got lost in the sky. Maybe he'd buy a new house too. Yeah, Danny, he'd buy a house, too. Her fingers hurt and her eyes were damn nearing crying, they stung so bad from lack of sleep. Feeling a crick starting in her neck, Ellie May set down the fabric and sewing needle to roll her shoulders and neck. There came a pop! , then another, and she heaved a sigh. Outside the sky was an endless stretch of black velvet, the twinkling stars reminding her of the fireflies lighting up that mountain all those many months ago. The house was quiet. Everyone was asleep, save for her. Tomorrow Jack and Emmy would return to school, though there was no guarantee how long Jack would get to stay. She'd overheard Forrest and Papa talking it over. They needed Jack in field, apparently more than Jack needed school. The thought made Ellie May quiver with sadness. It was bad enough that she had to quit school now, but little Jack, too? He was barely ten years old. Picking the needling back up, she went back to her sewing. For the last three weeks, she'd been sewing a new dress for Emmy. Not only did she need new clothes for school, but the poor girl needed a good surprise for once. She'd been a mess since her mother and sisters died. Something wasn't right with Emmy now. Something was off. It wasn't right, a child her age loosin' her momma. Ellie May had no idea what to do but she figured the dress was as good a start as any. There came an abrupt thud outside. She stilled, listening. It could've been a rabbit, or a possum. But moments later when the screen door creaked open, Ellie May reckoned it was something a bit bigger than a possum. Fearful, she eyed the shotgun by the stove but before she dared move, the intruder seemed to stump his foot and spat, \" Damn chair .\" She recognized the voice instantly. Nostrils flaring, she threw Emmy's dress onto empty couch cushion beside her and flew into the kitchen. Howard stumbled backward upon her entrance, his eyes wide. \"What're you doing up, ain't it passed your bedtime?\" \"What're you doing back here?\" she seethed. Howard's eyes turned to slits. \"This is my house. This is my family.\" Ellie May gave a strangled laugh. Was he trying to intimidate her? \"You damn sure don't act like it.\" His lip curled in anger, \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"I haven't seen you do a single thing to help this family in months -\" \"Don't you pretend you know what I'm going through. Momma, and Bel-\" \"You think you're the only one who lost someone? Howard, your daddy is falling apart. That man is all but gone. It's up to you and Forrest now to take care of this farm and, quite frankly, I don't see you doing shit.\" Howard's eyes flamed and his mouth opened to spit out what Ellie May was sure to be something foul but she poked him firmly in the chest, her teeth gritting, \"I don't think so. I'm so sick of everyone tip-toeing around your feelings. I won't pretend to understand what you went through in the war but that's no excuse for what you've been doing lately. Your family is falling apart and you're sitting back watching it happen. Do you know they're gonna pull Jack out of school? Forrest can't handle the whole damn farm by himself so in a few weeks Jack might not get to keep going to class.\" \"What? Ain't no reason for Jack to quit his schoolin'. What's he gone do on the farm, anyhow? He's scrawny as hell,\" scoffed Howard, his heart seizing in guilt. Ellie May sneered at him. \"Guess that's the whole point, Howard. What little Jack can do is better than nothing.\" She might have been right, and Howard knew he was definitely in the wrong, but he couldn't just stand there and let some little girl wave her finger in his face. He bowed up angrily, \"Listen here-\" \"No, you listen,\" she swiftly cut him off. Her shoulders squaring, she raised her chin to him and spoke in low, quick, no-nonsense tones. \"My father is a drunk, sorry, piece of shit and my mother is dead. Your mother, Belva, Era…they're dead, too. So that means that the people in this house are all I have left and I refuse to stand by and watch you treat them this way. Your family needs you, Howard. If you can't be here, if you can't bring yourself to do it for whatever reason, that's fine. But don't hang around here acting sorry. Get your shit and go. Because right now we can barely take care of things as they are, we don't need to have to play babysitter to a grown ass man who's having a pity party, too.\" Howard said nothing but blinked real slow a few times. Ellie May recognized his dazed look and her nostrils flared in anger once again. Was he too drunk to even understand her? Would he remember this conversation come tomorrow? Ranking him with one final sneer, Ellie May shook her head, \"I'm going to finish Emmy's dress and then I'm going to bed. You can do whatever you'd like but keep quiet. So help me if you're stumbling ass wakes them up…\" He watched her disappear into the family room. Slumping down into a chair, he dropped his hat on the kitchen table and rubbed his eyes. Her words swirled around his head like mule sloshing around in his mouth. Howard was still at the kitchen table when the family rose the next morning. Ellie May all but pretended not to notice him as she got Jack and Emmy ready for school. Jack made a stink over her fussing, said he wasn't a baby. But they knew he was merely trying to act tough. He relished in the way she smoothed over his hair and straightened his shirt just like their mother used to. When their father and Forrest joined them at the table for breakfast, nothing was said about Howard's sudden return. Forrest lingered with Howard at the table after everyone else was finished. He had work to get to but he felt a sense that Howard wanted to speak with him. A moment later Howard shifted toward him and Forrest knew he was right. \"Your woman yelled at me.\" Forrest's brow twitched in surprise. \"She what?\" He'd never heard Ellie May raise her voice; not at anyone other than himself that is, and usually that was only because he'd purposely gotten her riled up. His big brother gave a nod, clucking his tongue. Ellie May stood at the sink, her back to them, scrubbing at a skillet. Howard eyed her small frame. She was a tiny little thing, that's for sure. Must've taken real guts for her to stand up to a man his size. \"She yelled at me,\" he repeated with a chuckle. \"Got a mouth on her, for sure…nobody's yelled at me like that since before the war. Hell, nobody's ever yell at me like that. 'Cept maybe momma. I reckon I deserved it.\" Forrest hummed, eyes sliding across the kitchen to Ellie May. It was the first time that he'd really looked at her in weeks. Her sleeves were pushed back to her elbows, her hands submerged in suds and water. He could feel her exhaustion in the subtle slump of her shoulders and the forced movements. Howard nudged him. He looked at his brother expectantly, lips pulled into a grin, \"I asked if you were gone marry that girl.\" Forrest's eyebrows dipped. He glanced back at Ellie May. Guilt thumped him square in the chest. He cleared his throat. \"Ain't you got some work to do, Howard?\" Again, Howard let a grin spread his face. It wasn't the answer he'd been looking for but he'd take it. Just like that all the animosity and tension between them was gone. Forrest was accepting him back. The eldest Bondurant brother stood and said, \"I reckon so. See ya out there.\" The moment the screen door slammed shut behind Howard, Forrest was crossing the room in long, determined strides. He took the skillet from Ellie May's hands. \"Let me get that.\" \"Forrest, I got it,\" she murmured, not looking him in the eye. Fear choked him. She was angry with him. Probably hurt, too. He was foolish to have ever thought that she wouldn't realize he'd been distancing himself. \"S'alright. I can do it. Why don't you take a break?\" Finally, her gaze lifted and met his own. \"I'll take a break when you do.\" There were dark half-moons beneath her eyes and her lips were pulled tight. She looked like she'd fall over if given one good poke. Forrest dropped the skillet, letting it slide down into the sink and disappear beneath the soapy water. He took a dish towel and caught Ellie May's hands, gently drying them and then his own. She said nothing but gave him a hard stare that made him swallow thickly. \"I'd like to talk with you.\" She knew exactly what he wanted to discuss. Smiling sadly up at him, she shook her head, saying softly, \"It's okay, Forrest. You don't need to explain.\" And truly he didn't. Ellie May knew exactly why Forrest had been distant, why hadn't been holding her hand or shooting her small smiles when no one else was watching. It was guilt. Forrest felt guilty because he was the one who had brought the sickness in. And, though he'd also had the flu, he had lived while his mother and sisters died. That's why he was throwing himself into the farm work. He needed a distraction so that he didn't feel. So that he didn't feel the pain of their loss and the overwhelming guilt that resulted. He squeezed her hands. \"I'm sorry,\" murmured Forrest. Ellie May squeezed back. A bonus to the long wait: this was super long, right? This chapter was almost a thousand words longer than the others. There will be loads more Ellie/Forrest action in the next chapter but I couldn't gloss over everything that happen with fluff. That's just not how it happens. Nevertheless, I hope you guys liked this one. Let me know![Chapter 12] Happy late Thanksgiving everyone (well, those of us States side)! I hope everyone's holiday was nice and yummy. Black Friday was exhausting, otherwise this would've been out yesterday. But, I got some awesome deals…so a win? Yes, I think so. There wasn't a lot of feedback for the last chapter. I get it – it's not quite as fun to review when the chapter's full of heavy. So, as promised, I tried to pick this one up a bit. It's still a little on with the intense grief-thing but the fluff is there. However, if that's not enough to lift your spirits, the next chapter will be much happier! There's a special guest appearance that I hope you'll enjoy. Well, let's get on with it, shall we? Chapter Eleven Forrest relished the labor of living on a farm. By the time he was ten he could toss hay bales from a loft like empty packing crates. Sometimes while in the barn moving hay or in his father's tobacco field he would stop listening to the world and just work, concentrating on the basic repetition of movements, the strain and crack of his muscles. Every so often the perfect cycle of motion and strength was found and it was better than effortless. The sweetness of the moment would ring in delicious ripples through his body. And when Forrest stopped, his back muscles shaking, his hands bloody, someone shouting his name, he felt like he had moved through a hundred years of time. The Bondurant boy had been itching to reclaim that feeling during his recovery from the flu. He ached to rebuild the old strength and once again feel that perfect sensation of movement and muscle. Over two months had passed since his mother and sisters' deaths, and it seemed his body was finally slipping back into that familiar rhythm just in time for the summer tobacco harvest. Ellie May was shouting at him from the porch. He lifted his head, squinting at the sun. She was saying something about a radio broadcast warning that a storm was coming. Two rows over Howard straightened, wiping his sweaty brow as he surveyed the surrounding sky. He glanced at Forrest, \"I didn't feel the pressure change. Wind ain't too bad. What you figure?\" Forrest paused. He hadn't felt the changes either but as he strained his senses, he noticed a slight shift in the wind. \"No more than an hour,\" he guessed and the storm would be on them. The two brothers hurried to finish their work in the field before darting about the barn, securing the animals and equipment. A steady rain began to fall just as they were locking up the barn doors. When they ventured inside, Ellie May had a fresh pot of tea ready and as they gathered around the table, lightning crackled across the sky, a low rumble of thunder shortly following. Howard let out a low whistle, leaning back in his chair, \"Just in time.\" \"I'm gonna go pick up the kids from school,\" Ellie May told them sometime later, the storm outside brewing something awful. Class would be over soon and there was no sense in having Emmy and Jack walk home in the storm. Especially not when they were all sittin' around doing nothin'. Forrest listened to the rain rattling like gunfire on the tin roof of their porch. He nursed his tea slowly. \"I'll go with you.\" They drove to the schoolhouse over the winding, wet, dirt roads, the tires on the ancient Ford slinging mud mercilessly. They pulled to a stop in the dirt lot, the engine stalling. A hoard of children was gathered on the withering stoop of the school, each dreading the long walk home in the storm and waiting for one of their peers to take the first brave step off the porch and into the rain. A brilliant flash of lightning illuminated the darkening sky and a few of the children shrieked. The stern frown on Ellie May's face told Forrest that she wished they could drive the others home as well. The tiny bodies parted as Forrest and Ellie May approached. Emmy was there, a cluster of books in her arms. Cricket stood at her side but there was no sign of Jack on the cramped porch. Cricket's eyes were red, watery, and brimming with tears. His gaze shifted down to the floor as they drew near. Ellie May knew that look well; she took Cricket's hands in her own. There were bright red welts across the backs of his palms. \"Sleeping in class again, Cricket?\" The young boy sniffled, shrugging lamely. \"Didn't mean to.\" Forrest stuffed his hands in his pockets and asked Cricket, \"Where's Jack?\" \"He took off,\" Cricket half-whispered. As always, Forrest's face remained passive, even as he stiffly muttered, \"He what?\" A woman appeared in the doorway of the schoolhouse. The woman was tall but thick about the waist, her tattered dress a bit too snug in all the wrong places. \"Can I help you?\" she rudely asked. The woman's name was Ann Rufty, she was the replacement teacher brought in from Burnt Chimney when Mrs. McCullers died of the Lady Flu. \"We're here for Emmy and Jack Bondurant. Only Cricket, here, says that Jack took off,\" replied Ellie May. Mrs. Rufty's lips pursed. \"He left earlier to use the outhouse and never returned. He didn't even take his belongings. I gave them to his sister.\" \"When was this?\" grumbled Forrest. \"Just when the rain came in, I suppose,\" the woman shrugged boredly. Ellie May's gaze narrowed, \"So a little boy wondered out into a storm, not to return, and you were doing what to find him? Were you even going to notify someone?\" \"W-well, I assumed his sister wou-\" But a roar of thunder clapped overhead, effectively silencing the stammering woman. Once more the young children shrieked, a few darting off the porch and into the shelter of the forest, finally bucking up the courage to journey home. Ellie May glared at the woman and Forrest caught her elbow gently in his grasp, \"C'mon, Ellie. Get Emmy and Cricket. Y'all go wait in the truck. I'm gonna find Jack.\" \"He'll be impossible to find in this storm,\" she muttered, scooping Emmy into her arms. The already heavy rainfall had increased tenfold since they'd left the farm, the excessive downpour making it difficult to see what was in front of your face, much less three or four feet away. \"I should go get help. Bring Howard and Danny to look for him, too.\" Forrest shook his head. \"It ain't like Jack to skip out on class. He wouldn't have gotten far. Y'all go on to the truck now.\" The longstanding wooden outhouse sat at the bottom of the grassy knoll behind the schoolhouse. The slope was dangerously slippery in the rain and as Forrest slowly lumbered downward, raindrops harshly pelted at his face and hands. In a matter of moments, he was soaked to the bone, his clothes dragging heavily on his skin. He shouted his brother's name against the booming thunder, whipping winds, and torrential rain. His eyes stung painfully as they combed the woods. \"Jackie!\" He spotted Jack's shoes first. They were lying in a puddle a few yards from the outhouse, the leather smoking in the rain. A low groan drew Forrest's eyes to a crumpled form, curled up on its stomach, face pressed to the ground. Jack was trying to stand but struggling fiercely. Forrest was immediately at his side. Jack swayed and fell into his brother's solid form. As he lifted the small, shivering boy into his arms, Forrest noticed the cuffs on Jack's pants. They were blackened, his feet mottled red and burned like they'd been set on fire. There came another sudden clap of thunder, shadowed by a blaze of lightning. The intense flash was blinding and made Forrest curse as he realized that his little brother had been struck by lightning. \"Shit, baby brother,\" he murmured as the delirious boy struggled to maintain consciousness. A rage sizzled through him. How long had Jack been lying there, sopping wet and in pain? If his teacher had only looked out the back door of the school she could've seen him. Through half-lidded eyes, Jack lifted his head. \"Forrest…? Why are we…in the rain?\" he asked, his voice a strangled gasp. But Forrest had to offer no explanation as Jack fell limp, his head rolling back into Forrest's chest. Clenching his teeth, Forrest gathered the abandoned shoes and trekked back up the hill. They took Jack to the hospital in Rocky Mount. According to Dr. Cobbs, he wouldn't be able to walk for a week. The good doctor showed both Forrest and Ellie May how to tend to the wounds on his tiny feet. The bandages would have to be changed twice a day, more if needed. As they watched the doctor's gentle movements, the teenagers brimmed with a tangible fury. Jack could've died and that Rufty woman hadn't given two shits. That night, and many of the nights that followed, would be added to the list of nights that Forrest Bondurant fought for sleep, in spite of the soothing lull of Jack's endless snores beside him. Since he'd been struck, Jack had been sleeping like a rock. He was out the moment his head touched the pillow, sleeping hard through the night, and a pain to wake come morning. Ellie May worried over his newfound sleeping habits but the doc told her it was a normal side effect. Rolling over, Forrest draped an arm over the younger boy's chest and firmly shut his eyes. He attempted to will himself to a slumber that he knew wouldn't come. As he lay there, his thoughts began to drift, as they often did. He thought about his brother's luck, good or bad. Bad luck let him get struck by lightning, good luck let him survive virtually unharmed. Jack could've been lost to them, a another name to add to the continuously growing list of loved ones long gone. He thought of his sweet mother and felt her loss in the deepest part of him. He missed the sight of her rocking by the window endlessly smoking hand-rolled cigarettes, blowing long plumes of smoke and watching the road for the rare traveler. He missed the sound of her musical voice and the way her hugs had always had the ability to make him feel like a little child in the best of ways. He missed his sisters just the same – Era's perpetual giggling and Belva's witty commentary. Their home had grown cold in their absence with a lack of warmth that Ellie May could not replace despite her hardest efforts. Ellie May. Like his movement in the fields, things with Ellie May were slowly falling back into place. He'd recognized his error in pushing everyone away, most of all her. Distancing himself from what was left of his family would not solve anything. No good could come of it. Of course, she'd easily forgiven him, though he doubted he deserved it. In the days since, he'd been trying to earn her forgiveness. He'd rise early in the mornings to get breakfast started so she didn't have to. He'd linger before and after meals just to spend a few extra minutes with her, then returning to his chores. On Saturday, he took her to town, just the two of them, to pick up an order from the feed store and while there he'd bought her an ice cream float, which they shared while bathing in the afternoon sun. Though Ellie May often protested his efforts, he was trying to redeem himself and there was nothing she could do but reassure him that he was forgiven. Engrossed in his thoughts, he almost didn't hear someone stirring in the kitchen. The footfalls were too light to belong to Howard or their father. And little Emmy knew better than to leave her bed at night. He deduced that it must've been Ellie May. He couldn't stop himself from clambering out of bed and trudging down the hall. As suspected, she was sitting at the kitchen table, fiddling with her fingers, a haggard tiredness to her petite frame. Forrest drew to her side, pulling out a chair and offering to brew a pot of coffee. Her nose wrinkled. \"If I drink coffee this late my stomach'll be torn up tomorrow. You know, I think I liked it better when Howard was drunk. At least then I didn't have to hear him snore all night.\" The Bondurant boy nodded knowingly, a small smile lighting up his face. Belva used to say their brother sounded more like a hibernating bear than a man when he slept. Forrest took her hand in his and tugged her into the family room. They sank into the couch before the stove. A warm silence enveloped them, Ellie May burrowing back into Forrest's chest. He pressed his cheek to the top of her head, her soft hair like a whisper against his skin. Her hand found his and she laced their fingers together. Tucking her feet beneath her, Ellie May gave Forrest's hand a squeeze, \"I'm going to talk to Papa in the morning. I don't want Emmy and Jack going back to that school, not with that woman in charge. I know it won't be the same, but I'll do my best to teach them what I can.\" \"And just when do you think you'll have the time to teach them?\" probed Forrest. Ellie May was already stretching herself too thin, barely making it as it was. Sensing his thoughts, she sighed, \"I'll manage…somehow.\" A quiet moment passed and Ellie May said casually, \"Jack likes a girl at school.\" Forrest straightened. \"Does he?\" Ellie May nodded proudly, \"Her name is Sylvia. Apparently, when I quit going to school she took to helping him with his sentences in my stead. She's a cute little thing. Her hair's all ringlets, and she's got perfect skin.\" \"You have perfect skin,\" murmured Forrest, his nose pressing against her temple. He kissed her cheek softly and she brought her fingers up to graze where his lips had been. Her fingertip lightly traced a faint scar, the scar that her father left the first and only time he'd raped her. She frowned slightly, \"I used to.\" Forrest drug his lips down the side of her face and firmly kissed the scar. \"Still do.\" Ellie May smiled and turned into him, her arms slipping around his torso. \"You're sweet.\" To this, he did not reply but merely held her, a silent beacon of comfort. Morning found them in much the same position, only they were both snoozing lightly. Howard, who rose with the sun as it swept over the mountains, stopped to stare at them on his way to the kitchen. Their father joined him soon after and huffed, \"Leave 'em. I'll make breakfast.\" \"I got it, Pop,\" murmured Howard. It was a sad truth that most nights Forrest loved Ellie May better than he could ever love Lucy. But it wasn't for lack of trying. Sighing to himself, Howard followed their father into the kitchen and set about preparing a batch of biscuits and grits. He spoke absently, \"I think I'll go see Lucy today.\" Papa Bondurant nodded approvingly. \"Why don't you bring her down this weekend? Ain't healthy for her to stay up in that cabin by her lonesome so much.\" It was the most he'd heard his father say in months and it was all Howard could do to nod lamely. A minute or two later, Emmy padded into the kitchen, yawning and clutching a corn-husk doll to her chest. The small girl blinked the last remnants of sleep from her eyes and glanced about the kitchen. Without a sound, Emmy crossed the room and climbed into her father's lap. Papa ran his fingers through Emmy's hair, tousled from sleep, cherishing the feeling of his little girl in his arms. His Dorothy might have been gone but a part of her lived on in her children. This was never more the obvious than in Emmy. That little girl was the spitting image of her mother. \"Did you sleep well, baby girl?\" Emmy nodded, her thumb slipping into her mouth. \"Stop that,\" came Ellie May's voice as she sluggishly ambled into the room. Fighting a yawn, she pointed at Emmy. \"You are too old to be sucking your thumb. Get it out of your mouth right now, Emmy.\" \"You heard her,\" muttered Papa, swatting at Emmy's hand. Emmy did as she was told but not without a pout and whimper. Ellie May cut her eyes at the little girl, stopping her cries before they could begin with a warning of, \"Don't even start.\" \"Forrest still out?\" asked Howard, yanking a pan of biscuits out of the oven. Ellie May nodded, moving to the coffee pot, \"Do you know your snore sounds like someone's turning over a load of gravel with tractor?\" Howard miffed, pretending to be offended. \"Why don't you go one back to bed if you gone wake up fussin'?\" \"I'm not fussing,\" she grumbled, moving behind him with handfuls of silverware as he began to set out the plates. \"I was only asking. It's not healthy to sound like that. Maybe there's a problem in your lungs. You might want to consider tagging along when we take Jack back to Dr. Cobbs next week for his check-up, see what the good doctor has to say about your problem.\" Howard continued to grumble at her pestering and Papa watched the quarreling duo with an amused expression. Shaking his head, he gave a wistful smile at their antics, reminiscent of a time when his home had been filled with constant bantering and good-natured jests. He patted Emmy on the back as Howard set out the bowl of grits. \"Go wake up your brothers,\" he told her. \"Actually, Howard's going to have to go get Jack,\" advised Ellie May as she retrieved the milk from the cooler. \"He can't walk. He's gonna have to be carried.\" Emmy pattered into the family room to shake her older brother's shoulder. \"F'rest,\" she whispered. \"F'rest, wake up. It's time to eat.\" Forrest came alert with a jolt. He drank in his surroundings. How had he gotten to the family room? He felt the empty space on the couch beside him, felt the lack of warmth at his side, as he recalled last night's events. Where was Ellie? Emmy stared at him with an urgent expression. \"C'mon,\" she urged. \"Breakfast is ready.\" He took her outstretched hand and allowed his little sister to haul him into the kitchen. He nodded good mornings to his father, Howard, and Jack who were already seated at the table. Emmy dropped Forrest's hands and joined them, taking her seat beside Jack. Forrest helped Ellie May collect the jams and apple butter to take to the table, asking, \"Did we fall asleep in there?\" Ellie May eyed him like he'd grown another head. \"Yes…\" Falling into a stupor, Forrest trailed her to the table and as he bowed his head for his father to say grace he couldn't help but feel the shock resonate in his bones. He'd fallen asleep with her in his arms. While stranger things had happened, if y'all will recall, Forrest can't sleep with another person in the room 'cept Jack. At least, he couldn't until now. If you can guess, the special guest appearance will be none other than Lucy Bondurant! I'm a huge fan of Howard and it's really a blast writing him. Especially the bantering between Ellie May and Howard. I think it's going to be interesting to see how Howard is with Lucy. Review? Because your thoughts are important![Chapter 13] Did anyone go buy Lawless on DVD today? I know I did! Chapter Twelve Howard and Lucy arrived as the last golden rays of sunlight were receding from the sky. Fading streaks of purple, pink, and blue cast a surreal glow over the earth. Low clouds rolled dusky gray and charcoal. A short breeze freshened up the night air, drawing in the sweet smell of the honeysuckle that grew along the side of the barn. Lucy was wearing her best summer dress, a simple number with poufy sleeves the color of a newborn baby's rosy cheeks. As they approached her in-laws' home, she fiddled with the hem and pulled at the ends of her lifeless hair. Howard ground his teeth. She'd been doing that all damn day. \"Quit messin'. You look fine,\" he instructed. Lucy glanced at him with an uncertain frown. Her stomach in knots, she grasped Howard's arm, \"Are you sure we didn't need to bring anything? I could've baked a pie or-\" \"Woman, if don't quit-\" began Howard but a sudden shout from inside the barn made him stop short. His father emerged, wiping his greasy hands on his dungarees, \"Now, Howard, that ain't no way to go talkin' to your wife, is it? Don't you let him act that way, Lucy. Every now and then a man needs his woman to set him straight.\" Lucy gave a tight lipped but genuine smile. Granville Bondurant had always made her feel at ease. Taking her arm, Papa drew Lucy away from her husband and led her into the house. Jack was sitting at the kitchen table, his wounded feet propped up on another chair as he scribbled away into a notebook. Emmy sat across from him doing exactly the same. The little girl dropped her pencil. \"I'm done.\" Jack finished his scribble and did much the same. \"Yeah, me too.\" \"Ellie,\" called Forrest, who sat at the head of the table, overseeing their progress. \"They're done.\" Dragging the skillet out of the oven, Ellie May placed the cornbread on the stove top and tossed her dishrag into the sink. She faced Forrest with her hands on her hips. \"Then check their work, Forrest,\" she muttered, shooting him a glare before returning to her attention to the pot on the stove. Howard snickered, \"Yeah, Forrest.\" It was on the tip of Forrest's tongue to smart off to his older brother, but the second he spotted Lucy tucked into their father's side, he swallowed his words. \"Lucy, it's good to see you again,\" he said, rising to shake her hand. Lucy's grip was loose and she tucked her hair behind her ear, \"Hey there.\" Papa released her, moving to stand behind Jack's chair. \"Lucy, you remember Jack. Wouldn't you believe it, the boy went and got himself struck by lightning.\" Lucy's eyes widened in horror, a gasp drawn from her lips. \"Oh, my goodness. Are you alright?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" groaned the younger boy, crossing his arms over his chest. He shot their father a quivering glare over his shoulder, \"But you ain't got to keep tellin' people.\" \"It's not people, its Lucy,\" quipped Howard. \"Ain't no need to be embarrassed.\" Papa turned to the young girl preparing their supper, \"Ellie May, have y'all met?\" Ellie May nodded, cleaning her hands on a dishrag. No one noticed Emmy slip from the table but suddenly there she was, clutching Ellie May's skirt, her chin tucked to her chest. Ellie May nearly tripped over the small child as she waved to Lucy. \"Yes, sir. It was a while back. Hi, Lucy, how are you?\" \"I'm well,\" the older woman smiled politely. She eyed the little girl at Ellie May's side. \"And that must be Emmy? My, she sure has grown. You were just a baby the last time I saw you.\" Emmy said nothing but shoved her face into Ellie May's side. The familiarity of Emmy's actions was escaped by no one. Everyone froze, the kitchen coming to a standstill. Emmy was clinging to Ellie May like she'd clung to her mother. Ellie May looked down at the small girl, conflicted. She wasn't sure whether to feel overjoyed that Emmy loved and trusted her so much; or feel overwhelmingly sad because Emmy had to resort to hiding behind her, because her mother was no longer an option. \"I'm sorry, Lucy,\" murmured Ellie May, trying to break the tension. She placed a gentle hand on the little girl's shoulder, \"Emmy's still has bouts of shyness from time to time.\" Lucy smiled, a painful sort of smile, and nodded honestly. \"Me, too.\" \"What smells good?\" asked Howard, pushing forward to the stove, and like that the spell was broken. \"It's a pot roast,\" answered Ellie May. She poked Howard's shoulder, \"And was that a compliment?\" The eldest Bondurant's face crumbled as his realized he error. \"No,\" he gruffly bit. Dipping his finger into the pot, he snatched up a piece of carrot and popped it in his mouth. This received him a stern slap on the arm and Forrest had to shoo him away from the stove before Ellie May blew a gasket. Dinner proved to be an amusing affair after the initial awkwardness. Since they had Lucy to entertain, Papa kept up an easy conversation. Ellie May helped it along, occasionally probing Forrest or Howard to comment. Once their forks began to scrape empty plates, Howard rubbed his stomach with a satisfied grin, \"Well, I'm ready to pass out.\" \"Not yet,\" Ellie May stood and plucked a covered plate from the shelf above the sink. She removed the dish towel and grabbed a long butter knife. She set the cake in front of Papa. \"Y'all got to eat desert first.\" \"Alright!\" cheered Jack as he and Emmy craned forward in excitement. \"Is it chocolate?\" Ellie May proudly nodded. It was the first cake she'd ever baked entirely on her own. All throughout dinner she'd been silently praying that it would turn out alright. Papa cut the cake but it was Howard who took the first bite. Ellie May ceased to breathe, her eyes sternly set on Howard's mouth. He chewed quickly, swallowed, and speared another bite with his fork. He noticed her stare as he brought the second bite to his lips. \"What? You poison it or somethin'?\" Ellie May beamed, \"Or somethin'.\" They gathered in the family room after supper, the first time their father had stepped foot in the room since their mother and sisters died. They drank tea, or in their father's case coffee, chatting casually about the nice summer weather and such, the radio singing a soft hymn in the background. When Emmy began to nod off, Forrest gathered the small girl in his arms and carried her to bed. Howard clapped the back of the couch, eyeing Jack, \"Yeah, it's about time you got off to bed, too, little brother.\" The youngest Bondurant boy protested meekly for a few minutes but eventually found himself being tucked into bed and kissed goodnight. With the children in their beds, the conversation stalled temporarily, the radio the only sound in the stuffy room. Papa flattened his feet to the floor, \"Well, I don't know about y'all but I'm about tired. I think it's time for this old man to get to bed. Goodnight, y'all. Lucy, it was nice havin' you over, sweetheart.\" Lucy thanked Papa for having her, in her tiny mousy voice, and gave a small half-smile as he retreated from the room. Howard yawned and stood, cracking his back. \"Y'all need some fresh air?\" They moved to the back porch, the girls occupying the porch swing, Howard plopping down in the rocker, and Forrest leaning against the porch railing. \"Hey, Forrest,\" Howard suddenly grinned. \"You remember that summer you beat out Aaron Wayne in the strong man contest?\" Forrest's brow dipped, but only slightly. \"What made you think of that?\" \"Ran into Tom Cundiff this morning. He told me Jess Willard lost his championship to that Dempsey fella. Can you believe it? Apparently, the kid managed to knock out ole Willard in the first round. First time anyone's knocked him out. Ever. Folks seem to think Dempsey had somethin' in his gloves – knuckles maybe. They're calling it the worst beating in the history of boxing,\" his brother shook his head, a sort of sad disbelief to his face. He stared off toward the barn for a moment before sighing real low. \"Yeah, heard Willard got knocked out seven times in the first round, fought for two more, and quit. They said on the radio his skull was cracked and that he had two broken ribs, a shattered jaw, a broke nose, and four missing teeth…it's a damn shame. Willard's been the heavyweight champ for four years, ain't nobody been able to hand his ass to 'im. Now he done lost the title to a kid.\" Ellie May nearly giggled at the truly forlorn expression on Howard's scruffy face. Instead, she pursed her lips and murmured, \"I'm sure you could've showed that Dempsey fella how it's done, right?\" Howard jeered at her snarky comment and eyed his little brother. \"You know if I'd been in that contest you wouldn't have won.\" Forrest cocked an eyebrow. \"That so?\" A grin split Howard's face. \"Whatta ya say, Forrest?\" For a moment the pair of brothers were still, then suddenly Forrest shot off the porch, Howard leaping out of the rocker, hot on his heels. They raced toward the barn, Ellie May and Lucy standing swiftly and moving to the edge of the porch. Lucy cupped her mouth, eyes wide, \"What are they doing?\" \"My best guess? Having a strong man contest.\" Ellie May rolled her eyes. Though their behavior was certainly childish, Ellie May was actually a bit relieved. It was about time those boys got to act like children again, rather than haggard old men. Besides, there was nothing wrong with a little healthy competition. While the boys began to tumble about the yard, lifting this and tossing that, Ellie May and Lucy resumed their spots on the porch swing, Lucy tucking into herself. Ellie May studied the older girl for some time. Even when her father was beating her, Ellie May had never looked as skittish as Lucy did in that moment. What had troubled the poor girl so? \"Lucy,\" she said softly. \"Do you mind if I ask…how old are you?\" \"Oh, I don't mind. I'm near twenty-two.\" Ellie May tried not to let her surprise show. She knew Lucy was young, hell, she looked like a baby! But twenty-one? That was only five years older than herself! Lucy seemed to sense Ellie May's disbelief and pushed her thin, swooping bangs out of her face. Ellie May felt a surge of pity for the girl; she'd upset her. All was quiet for a moment, save for the boy's grunting out in the yard. Ellie May tried to figure the best way to approach Lucy, eventually deciding it was time for some flattery. \"You must do a lot of cooking up in that cabin all by yourself. How long have you lived there?\" \"A little over three years,\" admitted Lucy quietly. Ellie May's eyes became saucers. \"Good Lord! Three years? I've been cooking alone for three months and I'm ready to die. You must slave over your kitchen.\" Lucy's pale cheeks flushed. The corners of her mouth hinted at a smile. \"I actually enjoy it quite a bit.\" She shrugged lamely. \"Gives me something to do.\" \"I bet you're quite a chef now, all these years of experience behind you. Say, you wouldn't want to help me every now and then? I can't cook like their momma could. Can't even make cornbread right. I understand if you don't have the time or-\" \"No!\" Lucy shook her head animatedly. \"I'd love to.\" Ellie May grinned. Finally, they were getting somewhere. The following Tuesday Ellie May took Jack to Rocky Mount for his follow up with Dr. Cobb. The good doctor took one look at the young Bondurant's feet and deemed him recovered, sending them on their way. Jack, not ready to go back to chores after a week of lying around the house, asked Ellie May if they could kill time around town. The walked up and down the strip of store fronts, Jack testing out his legs by running and skipping ahead of her on the sidewalk. \"I bet this is what Forrest felt like when he got off his crutches,\" declared Jack. Ellie May snickered. \"Yeah, Jack. I'm sure this is exactly how he felt.\" They stepped into the Rocky Mount general store. Jack dipped up and down the length of the store, particularly intrigued by the candy counter. Ellie May watched him carefully out the corner of her eye as she browsed the shelves. She was so preoccupied making sure Jack stayed out of trouble that she didn't notice the shadow that fell over her shoulder. \"You're that Bondurant girl, ain'tcha?\" a deep, broken voice asked, right in her ear. Squealing, Ellie May spun on her heels, nearly dropping the bottle of pop in her hand. Before her stood two towering figures, rivaling Howard in size , stature, and smell. A stench wafted off of them so foul that nearly all the fresh air within a two mile radius turned sour. Her chest tightened, the air in her lungs rushing in out in a single swoosh ! She licked her lips, squaring her shoulders, \"So what if I am?\" The dirty men shared stern glares, the one closest to her seizing her by the arm. She slapped at his hand, the pop drinking falling from her grasp and shattering on the floor. \"Get your hand off of me!\" \"Let her go, boys!\" the shop keeper called from behind the counter, a shotgun in hand. \"Piss off, Sutton!\" the other man growled, storming around his partner to snatch the gun out of the man's hands. With a quick jerk, he unloaded the shotgun, shells crashing to the ground. He threw the gun at the man and gritted a warning. \"Stay outta this. It don't concern you.\" \"Leave her alone!\" a squeaky voice demanded. Fear nearly paralyzed Ellie May as Jack began throwing canned goods at the two massive oafs. \"Jack, don't! Just run! Go!\" Jack's little wrist paused halfway through the air, a can of green beans in his steel grip. His eyes widened, his teeth bared, then he turned and bolted for the door. The man holding Ellie May watched him go but his friend scoffed, \"Leave him.\" Ellie May glared at the strangers. \"What do you want?\" she gritted through clenched teeth. She could feel the familiar sting of a bruise forming where her assailant was squeezing her arm. The familiarity of it all was like a slap in the face after the past few years away from her father. And here Ellie May had thought her days of being treated like a punching bag were long gone. \"You give that piece of shit Bondurant a message, you hear?\" the one holding her snarled. There was a wad of chewing tobacco in his cheek. She watched the wad bob up and down as he spoke. \"You tell that sorry mother fucker that we're coming for him. You tell him we're out to make even.\" \"Why don't you tell him yourself?\" she suggested, struggling to free herself from his stronghold. \"You boys ain't scared, are you?\" The man yanked her forward and with a painful yelp she collided with his chest. The stench nearly gagged her. \"Now you listen here,\" he demanded, his rough, hillbilly voice dropping dangerously low. \"We ain't scared of nothing. 'Specially not some half-cracked vet.\" It was a foolish thing to say and, though Ellie May had never been an instigator, she couldn't help but curl her lip in repugnance and sneer, \"Could've fooled me.\" A thick arm reared back. She tensed, preparing for the inevitable strike. But the pain never came. In that same second there was a third man standing there, his arm suspended in air, blocking her capture's blow. Jack shadowed the newcomer, grinning from ear to ear. The newcomer shoved her assailant backwards, effectively releasing her from his steel grip. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you,\" he warned. \"The fuck you want, Mitchell?\" the other man snapped. Danny Mitchell gave a fox-like grin as the two men puffed out there chests and clenched their fists. \"Hold on now. Sure you wanna do this in public? Whole lot of witnesses here. We wouldn't want someone to see you piss yourselves again. Run along now and leave the girl alone. You don't worry about ole Howard. I'll make sure he gets your message.\" \"You might as well get ready,\" one of the men spat as they retreated from the general store. \"We'll be comin' for you next.\" Danny flashed 'em a sincere smile. \"Lookin' forward to it.\" \"Yeah, alright! That was great! Wait 'til I tell Howard and Forrest!\" cheered Jack, staring up at Danny with a glorious gaze. Ellie May had only met Danny Mitchell once before. It was a week after their mother, Belva, and Era died. Danny'd shown up at the farm wearing a wrinkled suit, his hand in a shaky clutch, to offer his condolences. She didn't know him too well. He seemed like an alright kinda guy. Then again, any man who willingly called Howard his best friend… \"Are you alright?\" Danny asked, running a hand through the same blond hair that his younger brothers Cal and Eddie had. His bright, green eyes cautiously watched her as if he was waiting for her to cry or scream or have a break down or somethin'. Ellie May rubbed her sore arm. \"I'm fine…thank you.\" The newcomer nodded. \"It's a good thing Jack caught me before I got to the motel. I had me a poker game with some of the guys. I never would'a thought to stop in here…anyhow, c'mon, I'll give y'all a ride home.\" Jack was out of the truck bed and shooting up the porch steps before Danny even shifted the truck gear into the stopped position. \"Jack!\" Ellie May shouted, muttering under her breath. Danny and Ellie May swiftly followed after the young boy. Everyone was in the kitchen, Emmy on Papa's lap at the table, Howard and Forrest lingering by the stove. Jack was practically bouncing up and down in front of Howard, his little voice going ninety miles a minute. \"Jack,\" Ellie May hissed. He spun, eyes going wide. She motioned Emmy. \"Take your sister out back. Y'all go play.\" His chin quivered, a short whimper echoing in his throat, \"But-\" \"Jack,\" Papa cautioned and with a pitiful huff, Jack took his little sister's arm and whined, \"C'mon, Emmy.\" They disappeared out the back door. \"Ellie May, what's this all about?\" asked Papa. Ellie May's eyes found Howard's. \"Two men came up to me in town today.\" She watched as the pair of brother's tensed. Forrest stepped forward, eyes sweeping over her frame searching for any sign of damage. She shook her head softly. \"They didn't touch me. They wanted me to tell you, Howard, that they're coming for you. They said you needed to watch out because they're going to get even.\" \"Howard,\" Danny took off his hat. \"It was Clarence Cardinal and Joe Fensky.\" At the mention of the names, Howard's shoulders rippled, like an electric current flowing through his body. He nearly growled and shot a look so disgusted at Ellie May that she nearly flinched from it. \"They got no right,\" the eldest Bondurant seethed. \"Those sons of bitches got no right goin' after our women. Those sorry sacks of shit.\" \"Howard,\" their father warned. Howard stepped away from Ellie May, his massive frame shaking, and she asked, \"I assume you know what they're talking about?\" \"Oh, I know,\" muttered Howard. And with that he headed for the door calling for Danny and Forrest after him. The other men followed wordlessly, their father lowering his gaze to the floor. He might've been alright with it but Ellie May sure wasn't. She caught Forrest's arm. \"This is not your fight.\" Forrest paused, his brother and Danny continuing towards the car. He met her eyes, carefully taking her chin in his grasp. \"They approached you . That makes it my fight.\" \"Let your brother handl-\" But her words were effectively cut off by a pair of warm lips. Her stomach tightened, her mind jumbling, as her mouth was set on fire. A honking car horn made Forrest tear away and Ellie May whimpered the moment his lips left hers. He kissed her forehead, \"I'll be back. Don't stay up.\" And then they were gone. As always a very special thank you to those who reviewed! I love hearing feedback and I'm so glad you guys were excited for this chapter. I hope it did your excitement justice. Did you all like the Lucy/Howard-ness? Also, I'm delving a lot deeper into Howard and Ellie's relationship than I originally planned. Before it was just like, oh he accepted her because of Forrest (or at least that's how it was when I sketched out the story line) but now as I sit here writing it, there's so much more to it than that. So expect more exploring on that subject. Also, there's not a whole lot of fluff going on. I know it's trying y'all crazy but think about it! Forrest just lost half of his family – nearly every woman he's ever loved. Don't you think that might make him a little different in respect to Ellie? However, I'm a fan girl at heart so I promise some major fluff in the next chapter. To Ms. Laura Page Turner : I did have a good Thanksgiving! Thank you very much! :D[Chapter 14] Dear Not . So . Typical . Girl ., Kay1104, Wolflihood, 26RH, anchou59, JohnnyStormsGirl, KaicherAlfstan, angie jackson, Wally, and Guest (however, many of you there have been), I'd just like to say you're awesome. Thank you so much for always sharing your thoughts on this little project of mine. You guys are so stinkin' sweet! Ms . KaicherAlfstan requested a little scene with Lucy and Ellie May. I've thought it over and I've decided to put it in. It's just a cute little bit that will pop up a few chapters from now. I think it's really great that she imagined this little scene. It means the characters are really taking foot in her mind and I love that! As always, I hope you enjoy, my friends. Chapter Thirteen The wall clock hanging beside the cooler showed that it was nearly three o'clock that morning when Forrest and Howard pulled into the dirt drive. Ellie May's head was propped on her curled arms, resting on the kitchen table. Her eyes had been shut when the old Ford drove up, the headlights off on account of Howard didn't want to wake anyone. The slamming screen door jolted her awake and she frowned instantly at the sight of the two men. Howard's usually unruly hair was slicked down, as if wet, and the sleeves on his shirt were ripped to the elbows, the tattered ends stained crimson. The knuckles on his right hand were busted clear open, dry blood caking the fingers and backside. His eyes were bloodshot, but not from booze. He took one look at Ellie May, sniffed, and passed through the kitchen, headed for bed. Forrest's eyes cut her in two. \"I thought I told you not to wait up.\" \"And I told you not to go,\" she quietly replied. \"Guess we're both stubborn.\" Forrest didn't look much worse than his older brother. His hands, too, were bloodied and battered, his shirt untucked and wrinkled, but seemingly in one piece. There was a cut on his bottom lip. Clean, almost surgical, like someone had taken a knife and sliced straight down. The horrible cut looked terribly out of place on Forrest's thick, pouted mouth. She crossed to him. Her hand slide up his arm to cup his cheek, her thumb smoothing over the stubble along his jaw. Raw concern shone in her eyes making Forrest's chest clench. He took her hand in his, bringing her into a hug, \"Yeah, I'm alright.\" Their hug was long, drawn out, as if both were holding on to make sure the other didn't leave. The kitchen was dark, shadows playing on the wall and Forrest saw their shadow on the floor over Ellie May's shoulder. The outline of their joined bodies was awkward and lumpy, but the sight of it warmed him. They were one in the shadows. The Bondurant boy pulled away a hair. He caught her chin, his thumb running over the curve of her mouth. \"C'mon, let's get you to bed.\" \"We need to clean your hands, first,\" she protested. But Forrest shook his head adamantly, \"Tomorrow.\" She tried to argue with him but she was so exhausted and she'd had a stressful evening. She surrendered her will to him, allowing him to tug her along to the room she shared with Emmy. He kissed her forehead, whispering goodnights. He waited for her to turn, to slip into her room, but she didn't move. Not at first. And when she did move, it was only closer to him. She kissed him gently, her lips a mere breath on his own so as to not hurt him. Dragging her lips across his skin, she craned on her tip toes to shower kisses down his jaw, over his cheeks, beneath his ears, before finally coming back to claim his mouth. She sighed against him, her fingers fisting in his shirt. \"You scared the hell out me tonight, Forrest.\" His brows drew in confusion. That had never been his intention. Ellie May peered up at him with a wide, sincere gaze. \"You're all I have left. Going and putting yourself in danger like that? I get why you did it; you want to protect me, but who's going to protect me if you go and get yourself killed?\" He stared at her for a long moment before shrugging sheepishly like a child getting scolded. \"Guess I better not die, then.\" \"Everybody dies, Forrest.\" The faintest trace of a smile tugged at his lips. \"Not me.\" As the first signs of autumn swirled over the red, dusty roads of Franklin County, the Bondurants found themselves among the dozens of families huddled in and around the barn on the Smooter farm. Same as the Mitchell's annual corn shucking, or the Jamison's wood chopping, every year like clockwork, AJ Smooter brewed up a massive batch of Brunswick stew to say goodbye to the fading days of summer and welcome the upcoming cold season. The community supper was a big deal for the folks in Franklin. In fact, it was something they looked forward to all year long – at the stew samplin' the men didn't have to work, and the women didn't have to cook, the gathering was purely for their enjoyment. Not two minutes after they set foot on the Smooter's land did Forrest come face-to-face with Clyde Eller. Well, face-to-chest, as the top of Eller's head barely topped off at Forrest's shoulder. The pair said nothing but glowered at one another until Howard clapped his younger brother's shoulder. \"Shit, if he ain't got some balls coming back here.\" \"I don't know about that,\" muttered Ellie May as she walked alongside the boys. \"He's only back in townbecause his mother wants him to marry Pam Appleman. Of course, Clyde thinks he's too above that now. He's only back to decline their marriage proposal, then he'll return to school. Hmm, has his nose always been that crooked?\" Howard grinned at his brother. \"You know, I can't rightly remember. Whatta you think, Forrest?\" \"Shut up, Howard.\" Three fires blazed across the back forty of the property. The smaller fire sat at the mouth of the barn, the giant black pot of Brunswick stew boiling overhead encased in a half-circle of chatty men, including AJ Smooter and Papa Bondurant. The other two fires burned a few feet away on either side to fight off the night chill and offer some light. Both were about eight feet wide and four feet tall, the flames climbing ten or twelve feet into the charcoal sky. Ellie May shook her head as they approached the barn, \"The way that man burns wood it's a wonder there's any trees left in Franklin.\" The barn was packed with people, bodies spilling out of the open doors to congregate near the fire, greedy mouths passing jars of clear liquid and bowls full of stew. A five man band occupied the front left corner of the barn, sitting on overturned packing grates and bundles of hay. The music was loud, echoing off the swooping rafters of the barn, everyone clapping or singing along. A makeshift dance floor had cleared in the center of the barn, bystanders edging along the wall and clumping together by the doors and in corners. They joined the dancing couples in the barn, Forrest begrudgingly allowing Ellie May to drag him across the straw floor as Howard bellowed with laughter. Forrest's arms hug loosely around her waist, her hands snaking around the back of his neck. His body was stiff and reluctant. She gazed at him in amusement. \"Not one for dancin', huh?\" Forrest grunted, eyes sweeping over her head to make sure no one was watching. He hated dancing. Hated it somethin' awful. He caught sight of Howard slinking out the back of the barn with Danny Mitchell and frowned. Ellie May stroked the tiny hairs at the nape of his neck, assuming he was uncomfortable dancing with such a crowd. \"Hey, don't look at them…look at me.\" He did as she instructed, shifting uncomfortably as the pace of the song changed. Ellie May snickered at his discomfort. \"Never thought I'd see the day where you looked so unsure of yourself. Forrest Bondurant…afraid of dancing.\" \"I ain't afraid,\" he immediately corrected her with yet another grunt. She let out a soft giggle, squeezing his neck, \"Sure you aren't.\" Ellie May laid her head on his chest, closing her eyes, and enjoying the feel of him beneath her. He was so solid. So firm, resolute. His hold on her tightened as she burrowed into him, his breath tickling her ear as they moved amidst the other couples. When the song ended, the band began to play a group dance and the couples broke apart. Ellie May looked at him expectantly but Forrest scoffed, \"Hell, no.\" She followed him out of the barn, surveying the yard for sign of Emmy and Jack. \"Now where'd they get off to? I'm gonna go look for 'em. Don't you go runnin' off, now. We're gonna go back in there and dance some more.\" Forrest frowned as she tossed a teasing wink over her shoulder. He watched as she trudged through the field toward the house, cupping her mouth to call out for Jack and Emmy. He almost told her not to bother, that they were around here somewhere, but here lately little Jackie was making it a habit to get into trouble. Not three days ago he'd come home with a black eye and busted lip. Apparently, some boy had been pokin' fun at Cricket and when Jack tried to defend him, both of the boys received a stern ass whoopin'. Though Jack had surely lost, it had made both Howard and Forrest a little proud. Good for Jack for standin' by Cricket and stickin' up for what was right. \"Hey, Forrest,\" Tom Cundiff appeared at his side. Forrest tipped his head in acknowledgment, glancing back toward the barn. Tom followed his line of sight. \"You eat yet? I'm starved.\" \"Nah, I'm gone wait on Ellie. You can go on.\" Tom let a wide grin spread his face. \"Say, I heard about her daddy. Y'all must be real happy. Can't nobody blame you.\" Forrest narrowed his gaze. \"What are you talkin' about, Tom?\" Tom's stomach dropped. Forrest hardly ever addressed anyone by their first name without meaning business. \"You don't know? Earl Davis killed himself last week.\" A beat lapsed and Forrest slowly nodded, firelight flickering across his face. \"Do me a favor,\" he murmured, stuffing his hands into the pockets on his sweater. \"Don't mention this to Ellie.\" \"Yeah, you got it, pal. Look, I'm sorry. I figured you would'a heard,\" muttered Tom. \"S'alright.\" The men stood in silence for a moment before Tom took off his hat and ran a thick hand over his head. \"Say, when you gonna start helpin' Howard push that mule? It ain't so glamorous as everybody's makin' it out to be but it's easy work and quick, too. There's good money to be made here, Forrest. Me and Coleman, we're workin' with Howard and Danny for this next sale. It's gonna be a big one. Some hot shot from New York's gonna buy near seven hundred dollars worth of white lightening.\" When Forrest didn't reply, Tom shrugged, \"I'm just sayin'…you can't work your daddy's farm forever. You gone have to make a livin' one day.\" Forrest nearly snorted. \"And running liquor's the way to go?\" Tom flashed a wolfish grin. \"Like I said, it's quick, easy, and the payin's good.\" \"I found 'em,\" called Ellie May, returning from the house. She smiled at Tom. \"Hey, there,\" she said, slipping under Forrest's arm, her hands winding around his torso as she shivered. \"It sure is chilly out here. Can we go back into the barn?\" \"Yeah, let's go eat,\" nodded Forrest, pressing his lips to her temple; he was thankful for the interruption. They said their goodbyes to Tom and wound their way through the hoard of people to the pot of stew. They ate inside the barn and were eventually joined by Howard, Danny Mitchell, their father, and Walter Henley, their bowls running over with Brunswick stew. Papa's eyes scanned the faces of his older children, \"Where're Jack and Emmy?\" \"In the house with the other kids. They've already eaten,\" replied Ellie May, Forrest and Howard sharing sheepish looks. Papa nodded appreciatively, gumming a mouthful of stew. Ellie May blew on her spoon, cooling the stew; she glanced at Howard, \"Lucy didn't want to come tonight?\" Howard squinted thoughtfully. \"I didn't ask. Reckon I ought to've?\" \"You're awful,\" Ellie May rolled her eyes. Not long after they finished eating, Papa rounded up the younger Bondurants and they piled into his old Ford, trucking along the dirt path home. Jack and Emmy were immediately sent to bed, Howard disappearing off into the tree line heading up to the cabin in Penbrook. Ellie May was settled in the rocker in the family room when Forrest asked her to talk a walk. Arm in arm, they took a stroll through the fields and trees, stopping where Snow Creek ran through the farm. Ellie May kicked a pine cone, \"You know, we never did get that last dance.\" \"Uhhh,\" rumbled Forrest. He didn't protest as she slid her arms around him and drew him into her. He held her close, his face pressed to her hair. Breathing her in, he deeply sighed and fought the words bubbling up his throat. He had to tell her but…he found it wasn't so bad dancing out there with her. Nobody watchin'. No loud music. Just the two of them. He wouldn't likely admit it, but it was actually kinda nice. He was enjoying it. \"Ellie,\" he forced himself to speak, knowing that if he didn't tell her now, she'd likely hear it from someone in town. The small girl in his arms drew back and blinked up at him. Her cheeks were red from the cold, the tip of her nose and ears shining pink in the moonlight. Her eyebrows dipped, furrowing in the middle, \"What is it?\" \"Um,\" he murmured. He stepped back and watched her cross her arms over her chest. \"You're daddy...\" Ellie May's shoulder's tensed. Her lips drew into a thin line, \"What about him?\" \"He's dead, Ellie. Killed himself last week.\" Her eyes became saucers, so wide that her eyebrows disappeared into her hairline. The corners of her mouth turned down, her chin quivering. \"What? H-how? Why?\" \"I don't know.\" She turned from him, facing the steady stream that flowing across the land. Kneeling by the branch of the creek, she drew a shaky breath, losing her gaze in the water below. \"Okay…\" Forrest hesitated at her side. He repeated her, \"Okay?\" Nodding, Ellie May released a painful breath and stood. \"I said goodbye to that man a long time ago. Really, Forrest, I'm okay. How did you hear?\" \"Tom.\" She bit her lip. \"I guess it's all over town…the man's dead and he's still running my name into the ground. Killing himself. Huh.\" \"Don't matter what no one says. Never has.\" Ellie May shrugged. \"It matters to me.\" Forrest said nothing, but took her in his arms and kissed the top of her head. He was not a man of many words but usually he knew what to say to Ellie May. Tonight, however, he was at a loss. As they walked back towards the house, he asked, \"Do you remember your momma?\" His question startled Ellie May. He had never asked about her mother before, \"Of course I do. I was eleven when she died. Old enough to remember.\" \"Do you think about her a lot?\" \"I don't think about her every day, but I do think about her often. It's little things that remind me of her. Like sewing. She taught me to sew. And cooking. I used to love sitting on the counter when I was a little girl and just watch her cook for hours, mesmerized by the way her hands moved with such purpose. She never had to use a measuring cup. I was always a bit amazed by that. And sometimes when I'm lost and don't know what to do, I ask myself what my mother would've done. Like with Emmy and Jack. I don't know how to be a momma to them, Forrest. But I try to remember the things my mother taught me as a child and the things we used to do together…if I can just give them even a tiny piece of that, of what my mother gave me…I think things will be alright.\" \"Does it ever stop?\" he asked softly. Ellie May frowned, taking his large paw of a hand in hers. \"Does what stop? The pain?\" He nodded. \"Yes…and no. After a while it doesn't hurt so much that they're gone. You stop feeling angry and bitter, but the hurt is replaced by a sort of constant ache. I'll always miss her, Forrest. And that is something that will never go away.\" \"I just…I can't stop thinking about my momma. And Bel. And Era.\" \"It's not a bad thing to remember them, Forrest. It hurts, but it sort of does justice to their memory. Otherwise they'd be like my father, dead with no one to give two shits over it.\" \"Are you sure you're alright?\" Forrest knew there was no love lost between her and her father now. But there had been a time when her daddy had been a good man, who'd treated Ellie May and her mother right. Besides, she was an orphan now and that kind of knowledge had to have some effect. As if sensing his thoughts, Ellie May tucked her hair behind her ear and squared her shoulders. \"I promise, I'm fine. It's not a shock. I knew he was drinking himself to death, knew that one day someone would tell me he was dead, I just expected I'd feel a bit happier. I guess I feel kind've annoyed. This is my life now and I'm happy. Even dead he's finding some way to disturb my peace.\" Forrest was ashamed to admit that he felt relieved. He was so glad she wasn't hurting over his loss. Cupping her face in his rough hand, he kissed her lightly. \"He can't effect you no more, Ellie. He can't hurt you ever again.\" Ellie May pecked his lips. \"Forrest, he ain't been able to hurt me for a long time because of you…\" They moved inside the house, blasted with a wave of heat coming off the stove. \"Hey, Forrest,\" Ellie May called before he could disappear into his room. \"Don't think I don't know that it was you who did that to Clyde Eller's nose.\" Forrest grinned. \"Did what?\" As promised, this one is packed with fluff. We touched back on the aspect of loss but Forrest (and the rest of the Bondurants) is finally at the point where they can put their deaths behind them. This will pretty much be the last time their mother and sisters are mentioned for a while. It's time that they move forward. Anyhoo, I hope you enjoyed! See you next time![Chapter 15] Guys, I'm on a roll. I finished this chapter two days ago and now have chapters fifteen and sixteen completed. Holy cow. Chapter Fourteen \"What in the hell happened to you?\" shrieked Ellie May when Jack came inside limping, his backside torn to hell, blood pooling on his clothes. Jack's lip quivered, Howard sniggering quietly at the door, \"That would be our daddy.\" \"Papa did this?\" asked Ellie May in disbelief. There was no way she could see that gentle man tearing into a young boy like this, especially his own son. Howard nodded, \"Yep. Jackie here was playing Cowboys and Indians with Cricket, Cricket being the injun, and Jack strung him up in a tree. Boy was about half dead when Forrest found 'em playin'.\" \"You what?!\" Ellie May shouted. \"Oh my Lord, is Cricket alright?\" \"He's fine,\" Howard murmured, burping as he snagged him a drink from the cooler. \"Bet you he won't be too hip to play Cowboys and Indians anytime soon, though.\" \"No kiddin',\" snorted Ellie May. She smoothed over the sweaty hair clinging to Jack's forehead, \"Oh, Jack.\" Snatching away from her, he whimpered and slunk off to his room. Howard chuckled, shaking his head as he trotted back to the fields. Emmy, who sat at the kitchen table peeling and slicing potatoes, glanced up at Ellie May. \"Why did Jack try to hang Cricket?\" \"Oh, honey, he wasn't trying to hurt Cricket. They were just playing pretend. You heard Howard.\" \"So Jack tried to string him up because he was pretending to be an Indian?\" \"Yep,\" nodded Ellie May, hoping the young girl's curiosity was sated. But Emmy kept going, \"Why did he want to hang an Indian?\" Ellie May nearly dropped the kettle of tea in her grasp. \"Um…he didn't…well, they were…Emmy, are you done with those potatoes, yet? It's gonna be midnight before we eat supper if you don't hurry up now. Make sure you're being careful with that knife.\" Emmy did as she was told, Ellie May settling the kettle on the stove and striking a match. She held the match to the gas burner and watched as it caught flame. Nearly a week had passed since Ellie May had learned of her father's death and, just when things had calmed down on the farm, two bodies were found floating in Shootin' Creek just north of Blackwater. The news had originally meant nothing to Ellie May. She'd merely let it roll of her shoulders, assumed it had been another murder spawned by this new prohibition business that had the entire country in a perpetual state of chaos. But Tuesday when she'd gone down to Papa's General Store to take him some lunch, she'd seen the newspaper slapped down on the counter. On the front page was a black and white photograph of the two men found dead. She recognized the cold faces instantly. \"Did you kill them, Forrest?\" she'd asked that night, the dead faces of Clarence Cardinal and Joe Fensky burning in her memory. Her words were calm, quiet, contrary to the sickness gnawing inside her. \"No,\" he replied in much the same manner, his tone matter-of-fact. \"They were alive when we dumped 'em in the river. Must've passed out and drowned.\" \"And that makes it okay?\" There was little speculation as to who was responsible. It seemed that everyone in Blackwater knew who'd done it, though no one dared to say it aloud. Before the war, Howard had fought many men older than himself and beat them soundly. Once, as a teenager, he'd taken on the two Shively brothers, both hard, violent men in their thirties, and thrashed them both. It was a known circumstance that Howard's thick, slightly gigantic form was a force to be reckoned with, especially when he had something worth fighting for, when it was for more than just good sport. It was accepted that Forrest would follow in his older brother's footsteps. When he whooped Clyde Eller, and after the mess with Ellie May's father, Forrest's name started being tossed around quite a bit. Now, with two dead bodies floating in a river, it seemed that the town's assumption had came true. Forrest was just like his brother after all. Ellie May tried not to focus on the dead men. They had been bad people, she knew this. They had intended to do awful things to Howard and Danny. Possibly would've done something awful to her had Jack not gotten Danny to intervene. But still, the facts remained the same. Her boys had taken the lives of two others, accidentally or not. \"Ellie May…Ellie May! Shit. Forrest, what's wrong with your woman?\" Howard's barking voice snapped her out of her mental ravine. \"Woman you've been starring at that damn sink for fifteen minutes now. I been callin' your name.\" \"Sorry, what?\" she blinked. Across the kitchen Forrest eyed the petite brunette. He knew her exact train of thought and the back of his throat burned with guilt and unease. \"She's fine, Howard.\" Muttering under his breath, the eldest Bondurant moved around her toward the table, munching on a fresh pear he'd stolen off the trees on the Mitchell's farm. He propped his feet up on the table, crossing at the ankles, his giant boots scattering mud and dirt everywhere. He chewed loudly, his mouth half-open, and pointed his finger at Ellie May. \"Somethin's up with you, I know it. You've been actin' funny for days. Well, funnier than usual.\" \"Let it go, Howard,\" warned Forrest as he crossed to place his hat on the table. Howard held his hands up in surrender, \"I was just askin', Forrest. What crawled up your ass and died?\" \"Probably the two men found in Shootin' Creek,\" muttered Ellie May, facing them. \"Oh,\" whistled Howard. \"Heard about that, didja? Well, that explains it. Look, don't lose any sleep over it. They ain't worth missin', I can promise you that.\" \"I'm sure,\" she replied sourly. Suddenly, Danny came bursting through the front door, a jar of rotgut swishing in his hand. \"Afternoon, y'all.\" \"Danny,\" Howard grunted, eyeing Ellie May. His brother looked ready plow him down so he finished off his pear, tossed the rest in the trash bin by the stove, and tugged at his best friend's collar. \"C'mon, Danny, let's give these two some air.\" \"I'm sorry,\" she murmured as Howard and Danny clambered out the screen door. She shouldn't have brought it up in front of Howard. Sighing, her shoulders drooped, the cutting board in her hand abruptly feeling heavy. She dropped the plank in the sink, wondering where Emmy had gotten off to and rubbed her forehead. Feeling a slight headache, Ellie May spoke, \"I know you did what you had to do. I just...\" Placing his hands on her shoulders, Forrest ran his hands down her arms and pulled her back into his chest, his chin resting on her head. \"Don't let this bother you, Ellie. This is my burden to bear.\" She laced her fingers through his. \"Since when has that stopped mattered?\" She turned in his arms, leaning against the sink. \"We're in this together, right?\" Sighing, she rubbed her face and pressed her cheek to his shoulder. \"Shit, Forrest.\" \"Well, y'all sure are smitten,\" grinned Danny as he stumbled back into the kitchen. Howard was frozen in the doorway behind him, \"Sorry…I tried to stop him.\" Danny waved, \"Oh, don't let me bother you. I just came inside to get a knife. We gone go cut us down some berries.\" \"Why don't you just go home, Danny,\" growled Forrest, peeling himself from Ellie May's arms. But Danny merely flashed another smile, revealing his miraculous set of white teeth, evenly set by fresh, pink gums. The brilliant smile seemed odd when coupled with his dirty, young face. \"This rascal bothering you, Ellie May?\" Ellie May pursed her lips, barely restraining from rolling her eyes as she scoffed, \"Yeah, Danny. You gonna take him out for me?\" Danny swiped the hat from his head, clutching it to his chest. \"I'd be honored, ma'am.\" \"Don't even-\" began Forrest but it was too late. Danny swiftly caught him by the midsection, lifting him off his feet. Forrest's eyes widened as Howard took hold of Ellie May's wrist and tugged her out of the way. Forrest's feet found the floor, his fists pounding into Danny's back and side. \"Ow, shit! Forrest, take it easy!\" \"You started it, Mitchell!\" hollered Forrest as he tackled his brother's only friend. They crashed into the table, sending two of the chairs flying. Ellie May squeaked, backing into Howard's burly chest, \"Can y'all take it outside, please? The last thing we need is to break all the furniture in this house.\" Climbing to their feet, the scrapping duo paused, shoving one another away and smoothing their hair. They eyed one another, chests puffing in and out, both slightly amused. Suddenly, they were out the door and tumbling about the yard. Howard beamed, \"Hot damn. Get 'im, Forrest!\" \"Keep an eye on them, will you?\" asked Ellie May. \"I've got laundry to get done before supper.\" \"Hey, Ellie May,\" Howard caught her elbow before she could get away from him. The muscle in his jaw flexed and a strange look of hard concentration consumed his face. \"Those men, Cardinal and Fensky, they-\" \"It's fine, Howard. You don't have to explain anything to me.\" \"Damn it, woman. Why do you always got to be interruptin' me? Now, hang on, alright? You need to hear this,\" he told her sternly. Howard licked his lips, \"Those men were the wrong sort of people, you understand? They were the kind of men who forced themselves on women-\" Ellie May winced. \"-and beat their youngin's. They wanted to do a deal with me and Danny, you know, runnin' mule. We told 'em no, didn't need to work with sorry shits like them. They didn't take too kindly to that and tried burning down our still. You know Gummy Coleman?\" Ellie May shook her head and Howard continued. \"Well, Gummy went to school with me and Danny. He's been helping us out at the still and when Fensky and Cardinal tried to destroy it, they nearly burned him alive in the process. He's alright, o'course. Boy's a fast runner. But that's besides the point. They'd tried to burn our still down and we had to stop them from pulling shit like that again, so we called in an anonymous tip and the ATU raided their stills.\" \"I bet they loved that,\" murmured Ellie May, a frown on her lips. Howard gave a snort. \"Oh, yeah. But you see, Ellie May, when men like that pull shit stunts, we can't take chances. If they're crazy enough to set the damn mountain on fire, ain't no telling what they would've done to you. We've got to protect what's our's. Don't be mad at Forrest. He's just doing what's got to be done.\" \"I ain't mad,\" she half-whispered. Blinking away tears, she shrugged lamely. \"I'm just worried, Howard. It's not right, what y'all did.\" \"We didn't mean to kill 'em. That was an accident. But, if it had came down to it, if they'd need killing, we would have,\" he admitted. \"I'm sorry but that's the truth of it.\" She appreciated his honesty, sniffling daintily. She assumed killing came easy to Howard; he'd been in a war after all. Danny, too. But had it been easy for Forrest? She patted his arm lightly, \"Are y'all okay..?\" \"Us?\" he asked skeptically. \"Shoot yeah, we're fine. For us it's about balance, it's about the universe and the bigger picture and all that stuff.\" Ellie May scoffed. She couldn't tell if he was yanking her chain or not but she waved him off. \"Alright, I've had enough of you. Go on. I really do have laundry to do before dinner.\" \"I'll leave you alone,\" he muttered, backing away. \"But, hey, Ellie May…I'm serious, don't go too hard on ole Forrest. Your opinion matters a lot to him. Start lookin' at him like he's a monster, ain't no tellin' what'll happen to that boy's mind.\" \"He's not a monster. You're not either.\" She worried her lip, eyeing the eldest Bondurant boy. \"Guess y'all are just stronger than most men, able to handle this kind've stuff.\" He grinned, tugging on his jacket proudly. \"And don't you forget it.\" In November, Jack came to Ellie May, his brow sweaty from laboring in the barn, his skin burned red from the sun, and asked her if Cricket could start coming over to their farm for home schoolin' instead of continuing at the school house in Snow Creek. Ellie May didn't see a problem with it. She liked Cricket, they all did. And she knew he was a well-disciplined boy when it came to studying. But she'd have to talk to Cricket's parents first. \"He ain't got no parents,\" mumbled Jack, rubbing the back of his neck. Cricket had never known his father, and he'd been living with his Aunt Winnie up on Smith Mountain ever since his mother died. \"Well, then,\" said Ellie May. \"I'll have to speak to this Aunt Winnie then.\" That Saturday, Forrest drove Ellie May and Jack up to Smith Mountain to a small cabin with a wide, low porch and a flatten piece of tin hanging over as an awning. The door to the cabin swung open a split second later and Cricket Pate came hobbling down the steps. \"Hey ya, Jack! Hey, Forrest! Ms. Ellie May! What're y'all doing all the way up here?\" \"Came to see you,\" grinned Jack. \"Actually, came to see Ms. Winnie. Ellie May said she'd teach you like she does me and Emmy.\" \"Really?\" Cricket beamed quickly, a brief flash of a smile, before his young face settled into embarrassment and he stared down at his crooked feet. \"Aw, you don't have to do that.\" \"I'd like to, if you don't mind,\" said Ellie May softly. \"And, of course, if your aunt doesn't mind.\" \"Aw, she won't care,\" Cricket shook his head, half-grinning. \"Come on in. She's right inside here.\" The house was modestly furnished with rough, wood furniture and sanded floors. There was a sideboard cupboard with a few dishes displayed, an open cabinet revealing canned goods on the shelves, a rocking chair draped with a quilt, a King James Bible lying open on the counter. Aunt Winnie sat on the couch, her dress pooled in her lap, her hands working a pair of knitting needles. She was an older woman, her face folded up on itself into an escalating fan of wrinkles, her hair faded snow white, with streaks of gray around her temples and the crown of her head. She barely glanced up when they entered, her fingers never ceasing the steady tempo of their work. \"Yeah, what'chu want?\" \"Aunt Winnie, this is my friend Jack Bondurant from school. You remember Jack? And this is his brother, Forrest, and their friend, Ms. Ellie May. They want to talk to you about something.\" \"Cricket,\" Forrest rumbled. \"Why don't you take Jack to your room, show him around.\" \"S-sure thing.\" The boys left in a scurry. \"Hi, ma'am. My name is Ellie May. I went to school with Jack and Cricket. About two years ago I finished with school and I recently pulled out Jack and his sister Emmy. I teach them now, using my old school books and some of their sisters' belongings. They learn every bit of what I was taught at the school in Snow Creek and more. Last week Jack approached me and asked if I'd teach Cricket, too. I suspect there have been some incidents with some of the other students regarding Cricket's…um, disability.\" \"Disability?\" gummed Aunt Winnie, the knitting needles flying in her boney hands. \"You talkin' 'bout the boys legs? Yeah, I reckon I'd have made fun of him, too.\" Ellie May's jaw nearly dropped. That was an awful thing to say about such a sweet boy, especially your own nephew. Swallowing, she glanced at Forrest's stoic face. \"Well, ma'am, if it's alright by you I'd like to help Cricket. I teach Emmy and Jack every evening, so Jack can have the mornings to work before it gets too hot in the fields. Usually we have lessons from about five o'clock to six-thirty, sometimes seven. He'd need paper and pencils but that should be all. We could even drive him home, if you'd like. Seven's a bit late for a young boy to be walking through the mountains.\" \"Don't be expecting no kind of payment,\" was all the woman said. Ellie May met Forrest's gaze. \"Is that a yes?\" she mouthed and Forrest lifted a single shoulder. \"Okay, we'll start Monday,\" mumbled Ellie May, watching the frail, old woman work the knitting needles. Forrest fetched Jack and just as they were leaving, Aunt Winnie lifted her head from her lap and asked, \"You go to church?\" \"Ma'am?\" Finally, the knitting needles paused. Aunt Winnie's wrinkled mouth pulled into a thin line, the jowls of her cheeks hanging over the corners of her lips. \"Do you go to church?\" \"Every Sunday,\" replied Ellie May. Aunt Winnie nodded, gumming her jaw. A little more exploring on the Ellie/Howard front. But not a whole lot of Ellie/Forrest. Which, let's face it, that's really all we're here for. So, I'll give you a short preview of the next chapter: Forrest watched the breeze rustle the red and brown leaves on the ground and asked, \"Where do you see your life in ten years?\" Ellie May was quiet for a moment, studying the young man before her. Crossing her dangling feet, she steadied her hands on either side of her on the fence. \"In ten years…well, hopefully I'll be married…\" Forrest and Ellie May talk about their future! It's a really cute bit and it's basically how I plan on getting the ball rolling for the rest of the story. Once again, major thanks to those of you who always review. I really appreciate you taking out the time to share your thoughts and feelings. I'm absolutely stoked that so many of you like the story and are continuing to support it. It means a lot. So, just, thank you. p.s. I've got finals this week, so if you're the praying type, prayers are appreciated! Especially Friday, it's math . Gonna need a lot of prayers on that one. p.p.s The Dark Knight Rises comes out on Blu-Ray and Digital Whatever today so go buy it! Not only does it have our wonderful Tom Hardy, but you've got Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, Michael Caine, and Joseph Gordon Levitt! Plus, like, Anne Hathaway and that other chick from Inception whose name I can never pronounce nor spell properly. It's a great finale to the epic Batman trilogy. Christopher Nolan is a genius, plain and simple. Besides, who doesn't love Batman?[Chapter 16] Hello, everyone. I've got some good news and some bad news. Which would you prefer first? ...bad news it is. Bad news is my flashdrive has died. The very same flashdrive that contained every file I have for this story. Or should I say had as it is now all gone. Erased. Vanished. Bye bye chapter 16, as well as the plot and the previously posted chapters. Totally sucks, right? It was not a good day, guys. The good news is, however, that by some universal act of good karma, my computer managed to save this copy of chapter 15. I don't know why it saved to my desktop instead of the flashdrive but I'm so thankful. Holy cow. I might have cried. In further good news, when I first started with this story, I saved a rough sketch of the plot to my computer, so not all hope is lost their either. We've had a lot of guest reviewers recently. I wish I could thank you all individually but I suppose a group hug will do. So thanks to all you guest reviewers! Also, thank you to the following newcomers for sharing your thoughts; and of course, a major thanks so much! to those of you who review every single time. I love you and your loyalty does not go unnoticed. I want to hug you all and talk about how fantastic Tom Hardy is over tea sometime. Or coffee. Whichever you prefer. Chapter Fifteen Forrest hated to admit it, but Tom Cundiff's words that night at the Smooter's place had started getting to him. A simple mass of barely coherent thoughts lazily strung together. That's all they were. But they were itching away at him like a bad fever. \" There's good money to be made here, Forrest …you can't work your daddy's farm forever.\" He'd tried ignoring Tom's words. Tried to stuff them into the deepest recess of his mind. Back to the same place were unpleasant memories and things like guilt were stored. But, like a slowly dripping faucet, the words wormed their way into the pit of Forrest's stomach where they settled and began to accumulate. The words grew heavy, weighing him down through his day to day activities, and at night they churned and multiplied, keeping him awake until the sun rose the next morning. This carried on for a near two weeks before the words mutated and formed an idea: Forrest would help his brother push the mule. His original hesitance had nothing to do with the legality of the issue. Forrest had never been one for the law. In his mind, there were only two authority figures he ever held himself up to: his fathers, the one on earth and the one in Heaven. No, his struggle with the idea came in the form of a little girl with stringy brown hair and a scar on her left cheek. \"Ellie May, I got to talk to you 'bout somethin',\" he grumbled, leaning against the doorway of her and Emmy's room. The girls were seated on the bed, Emmy in Ellie May's lap as she practiced threading a sewing needle. His little sister paused, the needle in hand, and glanced at Ellie May. Sliding the young girl off of her lap, Ellie May told her to keep working on it, she'd be right back. \"What's the matter?\" asked Ellie May upon spotting the pensive look on Forrest's habitually passive face. \"Yeah, umm,\" the Bondurant boy licked his lips, eyeing the space over her head. \"You wanna go for a walk?\" They walked along the edge of the property, Ellie May's hand running down the wooden fence that separated the far corners of their farm from the Brodie's. \"What's going on, Forrest?\" she asked, her fingers dancing across the wooden posts. Forrest was stalking a few paces ahead of her, his eyes sweeping over the mountains to the north. His steps were awkward, heavy. Ellie May could practically feel the turmoil brewing inside him. \"Ow, shit,\" she suddenly hissed, yanking her hand from the wood. \"Splinter.\" Two enormous hands were abruptly on her waist as Forrest lifted her off her feet and set her down on the fence. He cradled her hand in his. Running the tips of his fingers over her palm, he carefully kneaded and manipulated the skin around the splinter until the sliver of wood inched out from beneath the surface. A low hiss drew from Ellie May's lips. \"Mhmm, thanks. I hate splinters. I can never get 'em out. Once when I was nine or ten I got a splinter in my foot. It hurt too bad trying to get it out so I left it. Week later it got infected and turned this disgusting yellow for weeks. I thought my momma was going to have a heart attack.\" Forrest nodded. He watched as a mountain breeze rustled the red and brown leaves on the ground and asked, \"Where do you see your life in ten years?\" Ellie May was quiet for a moment, studying the young man before her. Crossing her dangling feet, she steadied her hands on either side of her on the fence. \"In ten years…well, hopefully I'll be married…maybe with a couple of kids…maybe have a cabin somewhere in the mountains like Lucy and Howard. Except unlike Howard, my husband will actually live there, too.\" A low hum rumbled in the back of his throat. Forrest spoke, \"Husband…?\" Ellie May fought a grin. Hopping down off the post, she placed one hand square in the center of his chest and brought the other to his cheek. She tilted his head down, making him look her in the eye. The question fell from her lips, a whisper, \"You gonna marry me, Forrest?\" His heart stopped beating beneath his ribs. It was the second time someone had proposed that question to him. The first time he hadn't answered Howard, smartin' off something or another. This time he couldn't stop himself from answering. \"Yes.\" He said it immediately before clenching his teeth and swallowing. \"I mean….eventually. If you'll have me.\" Ellie May gave a small, shy kind of smile. \"Of course I'll have you.\" He kissed her softly, the very air surrounding her seeming to possess a power over him. She caught his bottom lip between her teeth and nibbled gently. She felt his body steel beneath her fingertips as he pulled her tightly against him. She could kiss him forever. But she knew there was a bigger reason to Forrest's question. \"What's this all about?\" she breathed as she drew away, resting her forehead on his. Licking his lips, Forrest stumbled to speak, \"Umm…uhh…\" Ellie May giggled and bit her lip. \"Yes?\" Blinking hard, Forrest untangled from her and took a step back. He had to clear his head for a second before nodding, \"Right. Howard and Danny have an operating still somewhere on the top of Turkey Cock Mountain, selling liquor to folks from the city. Apparently, they're making good money but they need some help.\" Her eyes narrowed, \"Now, Forrest-\" \"Ellie, let me finish.\" He held up a hand. \"You want to get married, you want kids and a place of our own, we've got to have money to do that.\" Ellie May could think of a dozen ways to make money. Illegal booze making wasn't on the list. \"I know it sounds bad, but think about it. I work one or two runs a month. Nothin' big, just little sales here and there. Howard reckons I could bring home about two hundred dollars per run. Now, come on, Ellie. Don't tell me you can argue that.\" \"I don't like it,\" she murmured. She wasn't stupid. She knew what Howard and Danny were involved in. She knew about the liquor and the stills. She knew about the ATU. She knew how the local sheriffs were just as addicted to the stuff as the men making it were, knew they turned a blind eye to the distribution happening right under their noses, right out their back doors. She knew it was dangerous. She knew nothing good could come from it. \"If you want to make money so bad, why don't you go back to the sawmill?\" she suggested making the muscles in Forrest's jaw flex. He nearly scoffed, mumbling, \"Because that worked real well the last time.\" Ellie May pursed her lips. \"Well, damn it, Forrest, get a job at the feed store in Rocky Mount. Hell, make jelly from the fig trees and sell it at the flea market in Burnt Chimney. Something. Anything. But this? This is dangerous and stupid. It's bad enough Howard's involved, but you, too?\" Leaning against the fence, she shook her head, \"You're better than that, Forrest.\" \"Ellie May, look at me.\" She did as he asked, lifting her eyes to his. Forrest towered over her, the contours of his face softened, almost pleading with her to understand. \"Ellie, I have to take care of you. And this is how I'm gonna do it.\" Ellie May knew Howard had been right to some degree when he'd said that Forrest valued her opinion; she just had no idea how much that statement rang true. But standing in the middle of the barren woods, the trees stripped of their leaves, the animals burrowed underground, Ellie May saw the raw vulnerability in Forrest when he looked at her. There was no deny it, he was opening himself up to her completely. There was no holding back, no false pretenses of strength or courage. Just Forrest and his own self-doubt. He'd made his mind up; he was going to do this with or without her consent, but it sure would make things a lot easier on him if he had her support. She fingered a loose button on his sweater. \"You need to let me fix that.\" \"Ellie…\" Drawing a deep breath, she repeated him, \"Two hundred dollars a month for one or two runs?\" He nodded. The petite woman's lips frowned and she shook her head, \"Damn it, Forrest, if you don't like making me worry. I want to know when you'll be making the runs, and where to. Who you're selling to, who's going with y'all. I need to-\" He kissed her soundly, scooping her up into his arms, a low laugh rising up his throat. He pressed his lips to her mouth, her cheeks, her nose, chuckling as he did so. Ellie May laughed, too, slinging her arms around his neck as they twirled together. When they slowed and he set her back on the ground, he continued to kiss every available inch of skin she had. Giggling, she swatted at him halfheartedly. \"I'm serious, Forrest. I'm going to need every last detail.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" he nodded with a wide grin. Cupping her face, he pressed a quick kiss to her forehead and pinned her with a stare so alive, so passionate that it made her head spin. \"I love you, do you know that?\" Ellie May's heart leapt, a swarm of butterflies mounting in her stomach. \"I love you, too, Forrest,\" she said. And she meant it. She meant it with her whole heart. Nearing dark and trudging through the underbrush up the side of Turkey Cock Mountain, Forrest followed his brother a few paces behind and off to the side so as to not create the hint of a trail. Howard was making his way almost silently through the jimsonweed and the bits of bluestone that protruded from the mountain and Forrest knew if weren't for the last rays of sunlight falling over the tree tops, he'd have a hard time following his brother. It slightly amazed Forrest that someone so massive and clumsy can make such quiet steps when he wanted. After a short plateau, the two men walked through a copse of leafless and spindled birch trees, then a dense thicket of pine and gum that stood against the side of an exposed rock face nearly forty feet high. Firelight flickered at the base of the rock and Forrest grimaced at the thought of how it would look from down in the valley; the square jolt of mountain rock lit up like a clear sign. But nobody would come up here, even if they knew. Especially if they knew. One of the easiest ways to end up with a faceful of buckshot was to creep up on an active moonshine camp at night. As they neared, Howard began to call out toward the light, a series of high, repeated whoops. Tom Cundiff sat on a log staring into the fire, a shotgun over his knees. He wore a scuffed bowler hat pulled low, a wool scarf tight around his neck. Behind him, the still sat in the shadows, a hulking mass of dark metal. Forrest drank in the camp, littered with firewood, cans of blackstrap molasses, empty tins of potted meat and cracker wrappers. The edges of his mouth turned down distastefully. Tom shot Forrest a lazy grin, shifting the gun on his lap. \"When Danny told me you were gonna help out, I half didn't believe him.\" \"I was told y'all needed some more muscle.\" Forrest eyed Tom and his lanky partner Gummy Coleman, who was splayed out in front of the mash boxes they'd hammered out the week before. \"Now, I can see why.\" \"Aw, shut up, Forrest,\" called Gummy, ears burning red 'cause he knew Forrest was talking about him. Howard slapped the bottom of Gummy's feet real hard, shooting a painful jolt up his spine. \"Don't talk to my brother like that,\" growled Howard, only half joking. Gummy sort of whined, bringing a practically empty jar of white lightening to his lips. The blood pounded in his temples and he felt the booze thrumming in his body. His nose ran freely and he wiped it on the sleeve of his coat, hiccupping, \"W-what you think a-about it, Forrest?\" \"He thinks it's lovely, now shut up and go keep post,\" demanded Howard, giving Gummy a swift kick to the ass. Gummy rolled into the dirt and leaves, laying still for a moment, before climbing awkwardly to his feet and slinking off into the trees. Howard watched him go, \"I don't know why you like keeping that piece of shit around for, Cundiff.\" Tom shrugged nonchalantly. \"Better than being up here alone, I suppose. Gets real spooky up here at night by yourself.\" \"As long as he keeps you warm through the night,\" grinned Howard. Tom's eyes narrowed, \"Fuck you.\" \"Didn't we just establish that's why Coleman's for. Shit, Tom, keep up.\" Tom went to snap something back, ready to toss the gun aside and tackle the big oaf, but Forrest swiftly cut him off, \"Alright, you two, that's enough.\" \"Aww, he knows I'm just messing with him,\" snickered Howard, rummaging through the firewood until he found a long plank of pine. \"Don't you, Tommy? Hell, Forrest, Tom here's a damn near perfect partner. This boy can mix up a solid mash every time. He can measure the bead and proof just by lookin' at it. Besides, he keeps his mouth shut. Ain't that right, Tom?\" But again, all Tom Cundiff could say was, \"Fuck you.\" Forrest didn't know about Tommy keeping his mouth shut, seeing as how what he'd said to Forrest was the whole reason he was on the damn mountain. But he knew Tom was a good guy. According to Howard he'd been up on the mountain guarding the still for the past four days and it looked like he hadn't slept a wink in all that time. Yeah, he was an excellent guard dog alright. Taking the plank, Howard stirred the brewing liquid in the mash boxes, checking under the cap of malt, dipping in his finger and tasting the not quite ready mule. Before the light completely faded from the sky, they needed to get the first batch in the still as the mash was already fermenting into a foamy, lumpy mess. Another fifteen minutes or so and the foam would rise and overflow the mash boxes. \"Tom,\" Howard called. Cundiff rose from the fire and together they dragged the long half tube of beaten metal up to the still and set up the flue that they had diverted from an old bathtub. The flue would carry a good stream of fresh water down to the cooling barrel that held the coil. An hour later, the three men had the first two mash boxes of mule cooking in the still and Tom popped the top off a fresh jar of corn whiskey, sending the metal lid spinning off into the darkening woods with a flick of his wrist. The first sip was like swallowing hot ash, and then the sip that followed strangely cool, like a refreshing drink from the spring water that flowed into their flue. He offered Forrest and Howard a drink. \"I'm not staying,\" murmured Forrest, staring at the glowing coals in the fire. Tom's eyes widened in a slight panic and Howard rolled his eyes. \"Don't shit yourself just yet, Tommy. I'm staying. You can go home and sleep, but I need you to show Forrest the way back down the mountain.\" \"I can manage,\" Forrest declined Tom's help. Besides, the Cundiff boy looked like he could barely walk, much less make it down the mountain without passing out. Forrest tipped his hat to his brother and their friend, \"Y'all have a good night. I'll see ya in the morning.\" \"Hey, Forrest,\" called Howard before Forrest made it to the edge of the plateau. His older brother abandoned his spot by the fireside, rubbing his neck bashfully as he approach. \"Look, I know it ain't much but…it's good money and…well, you know Danny and Tom. Gummy, he ain't so bad. He's good at doing what he's told. But I really do need you here, Forrest. I ain't sayin' it's dangerous but folks are getting' crazy over this shit and, while Tom and Danny can usually handle themselves, most of the fellas tend to come after me. Figure they'll take me out and the others'll run. I ain't sayin' I need help fighting, but it'll just make things easier if you're here, is all.\" Forrest licked his lips and nodded. \"I'll see you in the morning, Howard.\" \"We leave at four o'clock.\" \"Four o'clock,\" repeated Forrest. And then he was gone. The Bondurant boy was only half surprised to find Ellie May waiting up for him when he returned to the farm. She was bundled up on the front porch, a steaming mug of hot chocolate in her hands, her eyes drooping as she fought to stay awake. As he approached, he said nothing but pulled her to stand and led her inside. They drew to the stove side in the family room and Forrest divulged the details of the run to come the following morning, his first run. When he was finished, he plucked something out of the front pocket of his sweater. \"Here,\" Forrest said, passing her the brand new pair of brass knuckles he'd bought off Willy Deshazo earlier that day. She took the heavy weapon from him, flipping the knuckles over in her palm before eying him like he'd handed her a dead rat or somethin', \"Forrest, what the hell am I supposed to do with these?\" A quick chuckle burst from within him, the corners of his eyes crinkling as a rare and wide smile graced his face. \"You ain't gonna do shit with 'em,\" he chortled. \"They're for me. Figure it would make you happy to know I had 'em.\" \"And why would that make me happy?\" she snorted, shoving the knuckles at his chest. The idea of Forrest carrying around the heavy metal implement purely designed for crushing another man's face was hardly a comfort. He took the knuckles from her, slide them on his right hand, and flexed his fingers. \"Cause they'll protect me should something go bad.\" Ellie May's face soured and he hastily added, \"Which it won't. Not as early as we're going.\" The petite woman before him crossed her arms over her chest. \"Why are y'all going so early?\" \"S'like I said…it's better, safer,\" he replied. The local sheriff and his deputies couldn't give two shits about prohibition, but that didn't mean law enforcement from the surrounding counties would be so kind. \"We were going to make the run tonight 'round midnight, but the mash isn't ready.\" Her eyebrows pinched together and she placed her hand on his arm. \"You know I'll be a wreck until you come back. So hurry. And be careful. Don't do anything stupid…don't let your brother do anything stupid.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" he replied. The concern on her face was touching but he wished she wouldn't worry so much. It wasn't necessary. Everything would be fine, he could feel it in his bones. Drawing her into his arms, he kissed her temple and Ellie May spoke into his chest, urging him to go to bed since he had to get up so damn early. He glanced out the window at the black night sky, reckoned he had about five or six hours before he had to meet his brother and the others at the still. Wasn't enough time for him to get some sleep. He was too anxious for that anyway. He tugged the quilt off the back of the couch, propping his legs up as he threw the thick blanket over their joined bodies. \"Stay with me?\" he asked, a few moments later, the question practically a whisper. But Ellie May never replied; she was already asleep. Finals are over. Thank God. For those who prayed for me - a major thanks to you. It paid off. I got a 91 on my math final, complete worlds away from the 74 I got on the last test. I love you all. With finals out of the way I'll hopefully be able to update more. That being said, it is the holidays and I usually work a lot around Christmas to make up for the continual blows to my bank account. But don't worry, I won't forget about you all. I'm far too in love with Forrest, and I'm sure you feel the same.[Chapter 17] Holy macaroni, you guys are not going to believe this. It's like a sign from the universe or something. Today someone came into the office where I work and guess what the guy's name was...CLYDE ELLER! I almost died. I. Almost. Died. My boss thought I was having a mental breakdown. Seriously, ladies and gents, the universe is trying to tell us something here. Chapter Sixteen Two months, five runs, and nearly one thousand dollars later, Forrest was feeling a whole lot better about this illegal liquor business. So far he had yet to reap the benefits of this new monetary gain. Every single dollar made on the runs was wrapped in forgotten newspaper clippings and placed in the mason jar Ellie May kept in the bottom drawer of her dresser. Ellie May tried to hide her own excitement about the growing fund. She attempted to feign disinterest; she didn't want to encourage him, after all. But the mason jar was filling quickly and she couldn't help but grin just a little every time Forrest stuffed the folded bills away. \"What are you gonna do with all that money?\" teased Danny Mitchell one night after a late run. Howard said nothing, but eyed his little brother knowingly as Forrest smiled to himself. Howard, too, was unable to splurge with his new found funds. Though he kept one or two of the smaller bills, crumpled ones and fives, nearly every dollar he earned was begrudgingly given to his wife, and was then used to pay the water bill or buy groceries. But he couldn't complain, he guessed. That's what husbands were supposed to do, wasn't it? Danny sighed, his head lulling back, his bright eyes wide as he took in the ever expansive sky. Suddenly, he shot up, arm extended toward the Heavens, a smile on his face. \"Y'all see that? A shooting star!\" \"How old are you, Danny?\" grumbled Howard, kicking his best friend's foot, nearly knocking over a jar of mule in the process. The eldest Mitchel boy shot Howard a withering look but felt a little better when he saw Forrest's curious gaze lift, his eyes searching the black sky. Danny closed his eyes to make a wish, and told Forrest to do the same. He heard Howard mutter some choice words beneath his breath. Ignoring him, Danny made his wish. \"Well, out with it,\" barked Howard. \"What'd you wish for?\" \"If he tells you it won't come true,\" muttered Forrest. \"Everybody knows that.\" Tugging his hat lower over his face, Forrest fought a yawn and stood. It was Howard's night to watch the still, Gummy Coleman and Tom Cundiff having already gone home. He knew Danny would most likely stay with Howard to keep him company through the night. He also knew Howard would be ever grateful, though he'd sooner pull out every single one of his teeth than admit it. Because it was the nights Howard spent alone, the nights when he was left to his thoughts and memories, that tempted him to drinking. Those were the nights when his throat burned and his skin itched until he cooled them with a jar or two or five of white lightening. \"Goodnight, y'all.\" Danny nodded, reclined against the mash boxes, \"Night, Forrest. See ya tomorrow.\" Howard said nothing but nodded, his eyes speaking volumes. The corners of Forrest's mouth peaked a bit at the pride he saw in Howard's gaze. His older brother was proud of him. Forrest nodded, trekking back over the mountain; he was kinda proud of Howard, too. It wasn't hard finding the cabin in Penbrook. Or, rather, it was much easier than Ellie May expected. She'd gotten directions from Papa Bondurant, not wanting to bother Forrest and not particularly keen on asking Howard. The cabin was a bit more than modest. No bigger than the school house in Rocky Mount, the cabin was without a porch and the tin roof hung low and slightly lopsided. There were a few homey touches to the exterior - a handful of potted plants by the door, faded and mismatched curtains in the windows, a rusted weather vane staked in the red dirt. She knocked three times before Lucy answered, a fearful look about her that only relaxed somewhat when she realized who it was. They both pretended not to notice the shotgun Lucy tucked against the doorframe. \"I'm sorry if I came at a bad time,\" said Ellie May with a small smile. \"Were you busy?\" Lucy's hands twitched, like her arms wanted to cross over her chest. She shook her head. \"Finishin' up some housework. I, um, I just made some tea if you'd like some.\" The invitation was forced and Ellie May knew Lucy wanted her to decline the offer. Ellie May replied, \"I'd love to, but maybe some other time? I just wanted to stop by and ask a favor. You know Jack's birthday is next week and I was wondering if you could help me make a red velvet cake. Forrest says it's his favorite but I've never made one. Think you'd be up to it?\" The frail woman looked a tad more than surprised. Ellie May could see it was on the tip of her tongue to refuse, but eventually Lucy brought herself to agree with a shaky, half-nod. Ellie May beamed, \"Really? Great. Thank you, Lucy. I really appreciate your help. Why don't you come by the house Friday morning? We can have his birthday supper that night.\" Lucy swallowed, blinking slowly. \"Alright.\" The week seemed to drag on with a painful dullness before Friday morning finally rolled around. The Bondurants had a small breakfast, everyone wishing Jack a happy birthday with pats on the back and little grins. After they ate, their family dispersed for yet another day of hard labor leaving Ellie May alone to greet Lucy when she pulled into the drive. The thin woman tentatively approached the open screen door and Ellie May beckoned her forward. \"Come on in. Everyone's outside. We've got the whole house to ourselves.\" Her words were meant to comfort Lucy because she got a feeling Lucy wasn't too fond of crowds. Unfortunately, the timid fidgeting and shifty glances told her that Lucy was a far cry from comfortable as she stepped inside. Best hurry up and get that woman cooking , thought Ellie May. \"Why don't you go ahead and get started. I'm gonna check on Emmy; she's doing a load of laundry out back. I think I've got everything you need on the counter. If you don't see something, check the cabinet.\" Ellie May left for a moment, gliding down the hallway, and Lucy let out a strangled breath, her tense shoulders slumping. Lucy hesitated in the empty kitchen before proceeding toward the counter. She eyed the various items splayed across the countertop. Instantly, she detected three missing ingredients: cocoa powder, salt, and distilled vinegar. Ellie May had also gotten the wrong flour – they needed all-purpose, not self-rising. She also noted a lack of confectioner's sugar, something they'd need for the frosting. She did as directed and checked the cabinet, finding only salt and vinegar. When Ellie May returned a moment later, Lucy relayed all of this and watched a small frown spread across the younger girl's face. \"Well,\" she huffed. \"Sorry 'bout that. Reckon we'll need to go to town.\" \"Can I come?\" asked a squeaky voice. The women turned to see Emmy lingering in the hallway, her expression hopeful yet uncertain. Ellie May smiled. Emmy never wanted to go out. \"Sure thing, sweetie. Well, if Aunt Lucy says you can go. What do you think, Lucy? Can we get any use out of her?\" Lucy's lips parted but no sound came out. Emmy blinked up at her, her little eyelashes patting her cheeks still rounded with baby fat. Lucy swallowed and forced herself to speak, \"Um, we might need some help carrying everything…you better tag along, Emmy.\" Emmy beamed and Ellie May clapped her hands. \"Alright, let me fetch the keys and we can be on our way as soon as Emmy gets some shoes on.\" Instead of heading all the way to Rocky Mount, they drove to Papa's General Store at the base of the mountain to pick up what they needed. Papa got a kick out of seeing Emmy and Lucy, the gaggle of men who frequented the old pot-bellied stove shoving their spit jars aside to comment on Emmy's growth and how pretty she'd gotten. After half an hour of small talk and gushing over Emmy, they got the special sugar and cocoa, then returned to the house. Ellie May instantly put Lucy in charge and once Lucy had a wooden spoon in one hand and a bowl in the other, she began dishing out orders. Both Emmy and Ellie May did as she instructed without question and soon the entire kitchen was a flour and sugar covered mess. Just as Lucy slide the cake in the oven, Howard's giant frame lumbered in the back door, his hands clean but his dungarees and undershirt covered in crimson. He and Forrest had just delivered their second calf that month and he was tired of smelling cow blood. His stomach rumbling, he bellowed, \"Damn, woman, you ain't made lunch yet?\" Ellie May spun on him, eyes narrowed, prepared to tell him to fix his own damn lunch, when she spotted the red stains dotting his clothing. \"Howard Bondurant! What the hell is wrong with you?! You know better! Get out of here! Comin' in here covered in blood, what's wrong with you?\" Jack, who stumbled in behind his older brother, snickered and shouted, \"Yeah, Howard, go on!\" \"Shut up, Jack. Don't think I won't beat you. Even if it is your birthday,\" snapped Howard, eyes hungrily sweeping the kitchen. \"What's that?\" Lucy saw her husband eyeing the bowl of cream cheese frosting and swiftly smacked his hand away with her spoon. \"I don't think so.\" \"What is it?\" squeaked Jack, trying to snatch the bowl away, but Emmy blocked her brother's path, stubby arms crossing over her chest, \"Nuh uh.\" \"Move, Emmy,\" murmured Jack. He tried to shove his sister out of his way, but Howard snatched him back, asking the women, \"What about our lunch?\" \"We'll get you your lunch as soon as you get out of this house. We're serious, Howard. You're practically dripping blood! Y'all get!\" Ellie May spat impatiently, forcing back a laugh as Lucy swatted them away with her spoon. The brothers hissed with each thwack of the wooden spoon, muttering 'ouch' or 'shit, woman.' Emmy, sensing that Lucy needed some help, grabbed a fistful of flour and threw it on her brothers, shouting for them to get out. \"Alright, alright,\" grumbled Howard, hands rising in surrender. Tugging Jack along as he retreated, the eldest Bondurant male snapped, \"But y'all hurry up now. I'm hungry!\" When the back door swung shut behind the boys, the kitchen erupted in laughter. The women eyed one another merrily, little Emmy's high shrieks echoing off the walls. \"Shoot, that was fun,\" breathed Ellie May when their giggles died down. The muscles in her stomach and face clenched from all the laughter. \"Reckon I ought to get them some lunch fixed, though. Emmy, take 'em some tea in the meantime. Tell 'em I'll have some of that leftover chili heated up in a minute.\" Emmy did as she was told and Ellie May lifted the pot of chili from the cooler, lighting the stove. She eyed Lucy, who'd grown quiet, her gaze lost on the floor. She elbowed the older woman lightly. \"You alright over there?\" \"Hmm?\" murmured Lucy, her head snapping up. \"Sorry…\" \"S'okay,\" grinned Ellie May, turning her attention to the men's lunch but Lucy's soft words called her back. \"I wasn't always like this,\" said Lucy quietly, her already mousy voice nearly inaudible. She shot Ellie May a tight lipped frown, nervously pushing her hair back behind her ears. \"I used to be fun. I used to be young...but after losing Thomas and the others-\" Ellie May internally cringed. She often forgot about the death of Howard and Lucy's first child and the two miscarriages that followed. Lucy just seemed so young, too young. \"-and then Howard was gone, off to war, and it was so hard. I was alone all the time in that damn cabin with nothing but the memories of my dead babies.\" Lucy's voice broke, her eyes watering and Ellie May watched as she gripped the kitchen counter for support, the wooden spoon quivering in her grasp. Her shoulders shook for a moment, her eyes glazing over as she attempted to maintain some level of composure. Her gaze lifted to stare out the window and she said, \"He respects you, you know.\" The younger girl's brow furrowed. \"Howard? I'm sure.\" The corner of Lucy's mouth tilted upwards. \"No really,\" she urged, finally glancing at Ellie May. \"He does. He talks about you all that time, 'bout how you're schoolin' Jack and Cricket and Emmy. How you're taking care of Granville. He respects you for what you've done for his family. He even quit drinking because of you.\" \"What?\" Ellie May couldn't help but snort at the ridiculous notion. Howard quitting drinking? Yeah, right. When pigs fly. But the sternness of Lucy's expression and the fact that she couldn't remember the last time she'd seen Howard with a jar in his hands, made Ellie May's chest tighten. \"All be damned.\" Lucy concurred. \"I've been trying to get him to quit for years. It wasn't too bad before the war, but I never liked it. No matter what I said or did - well, threatened to do - he refused to stop. Least until you said something. He wouldn't elaborate but I got the sense that you ripped him a new one.\" Ellie May vaguely remembered the night Howard had drunkenly stumbled in while she'd been half-dead from exhaustion, up in the wee hours of morning sewing Emmy's dress. She couldn't recall what she'd said, only the numb rage that had been boiling in her blood when she'd said it. Wincing, she apologized but Lucy waved a dismissive hand. \"Don't apologize. I guess I should be thanking you.\" \"The only thing you need to thank me for is getting you out of that cabin for the day. Lucy, any time you want some fresh air or company, you know our door is always open,\" murmured Ellie May. Suddenly, the irony of the moment struck her. It wasn't too long ago that Granville was saying much the same thing to her. It was strange to think that now it was her place to offer the solace of the Bondurant farm to another. Even stranger was the fact that they were more Lucy's family than Ellie May's, at least in the technical sense. She did share their last name, after all. But Ellie May reckoned it wouldn't be too long before she shared it, too. The back door slammed abruptly and Emmy trampled back inside, the tea tray empty in her hands. \"They said thanks but they're still hungry.\" Ellie May shot Lucy a tight lipped frown. \"Sometimes I think I hate your husband.\" Lucy snorted. \"Join the club.\" \"Which one is a synonym?\" Cricket frown, his dirty lips bending around the pencil he was chewing. His brow was drawn in intense concentration and Ellie May could see the frustration burning in his tired gaze. He quit chewing the pencil and asked, \"Frightened?\" \"Very good. Alright, now which one is an antonym?\" The young boy's gaze widened slightly. But Ellie May extinguished his doubt before it could blaze, \"No. Don't panic. Cricket, we just went over this. You know this. What's a synonym?\" \"Somethin' that means the same thing.\" \"And what's an antonym?\" \"Not a synonym…\" he murmured hesitantly but Ellie May only nodded, \"So if it's not the same, it's…?\" \"The opposite?\" \"Exactly!\" grinned Ellie May. She pointed at the list of words she'd written on the piece of paper. \"What's the opposite of scared and frightened?\" He scanned the list. \"Calm?\" The smile on her face told him he was right and Cricket shot Jack a grin across the table. Jack mirrored his best friend's smile, then cowered when Ellie May turned her gaze on him. Teaching three kids, Ellie May tried to pick one topic a night and focus within that subject. Tonight was English. But, as the three kids were years apart, she often created individual exercises for them to do. Cricket got a list with some words. Emmy got pictures with fill-in-the-blank words beneath them. And Jack got written sentences he had to copy to practice handwriting. Ellie May said everyone had to do it at some point, that it helped them become familiar with the way words and letters were supposed to look. But Jack assumed it was because he hated writing. Every time he put pencil to paper his letters came out looking like chicken scratch. \"Jack, are you finished?\" He licked his lips. \"Um, no, ma'am. Almost, though. I'm trying to take my time, you know? So it looks real nice. You can't rush these things.\" Ellie May gave a soft laugh in spite of herself and nodded, \"Alright, Picasso. Hurry up and finish. Emmy, how're you doing, sweetie?\" \"What'd she call you?\" murmured Cricket as Ellie May reviewed Emmy's work. Jack shrugged, \"I dunno. Pick-a-somethin'.\" The wall clock hanging by the cooler read seven-fifteen and they'd be wrapping up soon so Forrest and Ellie May could drive Cricket home. It wasn't necessary that they both go; Forrest was more than capable of taking the boy home himself. But they liked the ride home from Smith Mountain. It was the one part of the day where Ellie May and Forrest really got to be alone. \"Hey, Ellie,\" called Forrest, sticking his head in the front door. \"You might want to go on and get started with supper. Don't look like we'll be leaving anytime soon.\" \"Why?\" she asked, glancing at the clock. \"Something's wrong with the truck and Papa's got the other Ford,\" he murmured. That's when she noticed the dark black smudges on his hands and the thighs of his pants. She nodded, \"Yeah, alright. But y'all better hurry. You're running out of daylight.\" \"Yeah, we know.\" \"Hey, Forrest,\" Cricket piped up, standing from the table. \"Mind if I come take a look?\" It was no secret that Cricket liked tinkering with engines. He had the right kind of mind to be good with things like automobiles and tractors. He was able to focus real well and was good at working with his hands. Not two weeks ago the tractor on the farm neighboring Aunt Winnie's property broke down, and Cricket was the one who found the rock lodged between the blades. Forrest didn't see a problem letting him watch as they fiddled with the truck but he looked to Ellie May for confirmation. She shrugged, \"We were wrapping up anyway.\" Forrest licked his lips. \"Alright, come on.\" Jack and Cricket burst from the table, racing out the front door, and Emmy watched them go. Ellie May patted her arm, \"You can go watch, too, if you'd like.\" Emmy shook her head. \"You need help with dinner.\" \"While I could always use your helping hand, and what a helpful hand it is, I think I can manage tonight. Though I don't know why you'd want to go watch.\" Sitting around watching the men fool with that engine held no appeal to her. \"No, it's alright. I like helping you,\" admitted Emmy as she slid off her chair and began gathering their school supplies. While Emmy cleared the table, Ellie May leaned back and gazed out the window. Howard and Cricket were leaning under the open hood of the ancient truck's engine, Forrest shimmying beneath the belly of the vehicle. Jack crouched at Forrest's feet, passing him various tools and such, squinted as the sun faded beneath the tree line. \"Ellie May?\" asked Emmy. \"Yes, sweetheart? Sorry.\" \"We're gonna fix supper, right?\" Ellie May smiled softly, pulling the little girl into her lap. \"Yep. We're gonna fix supper, you and me, kiddo.\" Emmy curled her small fists into Ellie May's hair and hugged her neck. \"Love you, Ellie May,\" she mumbled, her words faintly muffled. Ellie May's chest seized. \"I love you, too, Emmy.\" There you have it, folks. As promised, KaicherAlfstan, here was your bit with Lucy and her powerful, unyielding spoon. I hope it met your expectations. Um, so whoever was in charge of editing this (me) was super lazy. But you guys are used to that, right? I guess I should apologize for her (still me). What are we gonna do about her (again, me)? She thinks she just runs this stuff. I've seriously gotta have a talk with her (with myself). Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I don't know why but it was very hard to get this to publishing stage. I struggled a lot with the middle. The beginning and end were almost effortless but the main substance…I don't know. It just wouldn't work with me. I doubt I'll get another chapter out before Christmas. If not, look for one there shortly after. And, for those who celebrate the holiday, Merry Christmas! I hope everyone's holiday is great and that everyone traveling stays safe. No texting and driving! No drinking and driving! Okay? Great, thanks. Until next time, my friends.[Chapter 18] Hello, my friends! I hope everyone's holidays have been going well so far. Mine went fairly well. I did a lot of traveling before landing the flu courtesy of my five year old niece (the little girl in my profile picture). I've spent the last three days in a Nyquil induced coma. So…that was fun. But all in all, I'm doing alright. In keeping with the holiday spirit I decided to do a brief little bit about how I think the Bondurants would spend Christmas. The chapter opens with Granville reflecting on his family during the holidays and then picks up after New Years. As a Christmas present to you loyal readers, basically the second half of this chapter is nothing but Forrest and Ellie May fluff. I hope you enjoy it. As always, a major thank you to the following: coronacowgirl, Not. So. Typical. Girl ., Priscilla2 , lynnshouseyahoo, irene-alejohotmail. com, laura, anthony temean, Kelly, KaicherAlfstan , Tiffytutu2, irene, jones, Daisygirl95, 26RH, Kay1104, Dawnie-7 , nuno nunes, deppfreak4234, Lovin' It, mz mayne, Cyanide Laced, Monica, EteSoliels, JohnnyStormsGirl , emptyshotglass, Drew13, ILgirl76, Lori white, Estell, Laura Page Turner , , and, of course, all of you lovely guest reviewers. If your name is italicized, it's because you frequently review, if not every time, and I just want you to know it is appreciated. I love every single one of your reviews. They make me so happy. It's a little sad how often I check my email hoping to see one. Your words are always kind and constantly push me to try harder with this story. I'm so, so glad you guys seem to love it as much as I do. Chapter Seventeen Granville Bondurant was the first to stir that frosty December morning. He rose with the sun as it crept sleepily across the cascading hills and snow-covered mountain tops. Their home was quiet, his children, both young and old, still nestled peacefully in their beds. Granville fixed himself a cup of coffee, which he drank on the back porch, before stuffing his feet into faded boots and pulling on his coat. He walked around the barn, up through the barren woods, to a knoll that, during the summertime, was usually covered in white and yellow dandelions and tufts of Johnson grass. His eyes stung as he knelt onto the snow on top of the little hill, three wooden crosses staring boldly back at him. His hand shook as he brushed his fingertips over the largest cross that sat in the middle. He spoke softly, his words lost to the wind. At first, he spoke of fickle things, everyday occurrences and mundane facts about his life. Then, he spoke of the growing love between his middle son and the woman he knew he would one day proudly call his daughter. And he spoke of Emmy and Jack's growth; Cricket's, too. He spoke of Howard and Lucy and their continuous struggle to bring another into the world. He spoke about the changes in the funny world around them. Finally, he spoke about the ache in his heart and mind, the ache in his soul. Granville spoke until his pants were soaked through at the knees and his legs began to freeze. When he finally brought himself to stand, his stiff body mirrored the ache in his chest and he stretched his back, reminded once again that the days of his youth were long gone. He was becoming an old man, if he wasn't one already. He was becoming his father. Pressing his fingers to his lips, he touched the crosses, whispering, \"I love you,\" to each one. He stared at the middle cross a moment longer. His heart thumped beneath his lungs and he swallowed thickly, willing the tears away. A low tizzy of snowflakes began to fall and he forced himself to turn away and trek back to the house. But not before he kissed the middle cross one last time and whispered, \"Merry Christmas, Dorothy.\" Being that particular morning, Granville mused, it wouldn't be long before the others were up, especially the younger ones. Soon, the entire house would be alive with excited chatter, shared laughter, and lots of great commotion. They would speed through breakfast – Emmy and Jack doing their best to stuff their little mouths as quickly as possible in hopes of dashing off to the family room where the festivities awaited. After their plates were empty, they would do as the children wished and gather in the family room around the large balsam fir tree; the same tree that Howard and Forrest had chopped down and dragged to the house through the mountains over three miles of snow-laden forest. There would be presents, accompanied by eggnog or apple cider depending on Ellie May's mood. Then, once the gift exchange was over, they would gather around the fire to listen to the radio broadcast reading of Twas the Night Before Christmas , like they did every year. Everyone would stay close to the house for the rest of the day, enjoying each other's company and the Christmas spirit. Finally, around three or four that afternoon, they would be seated at the kitchen table for supper – a Christmas feast of ham, creamed corn, greens, mashed potatoes, biscuits, cracklings and gravy, cranberry sauce, and sweet potato casserole. If they were lucky, dinner would be followed by desert, either a pan of chess squares, a cake-like vanilla brownie, or a pecan pie. Sometimes they got both. That night the younger children would be allowed to stay up late, reveling in the last few hours of Christmas before their world returned to normal, the adults gradually following them to bed. Then, exactly one year later, they would rise to do it all over again. The holidays that year brought a lot of good fortune to the Bondurant family. Maybe the universe was trying to balance out the all wrong it had done them by churning out constant profits from the still. Folks up north were racking up liquor by the truckload, stocking up for Christmas parties and such. It seemed that they were making nearly three runs a week and in the month of December alone Forrest had made right at three thousand dollars. To top it off, the day before New Year's Eve, Forrest and Howard made one final run without Danny or Tom or Gummy Coleman, and had brought home twelve hundred dollars to be split between the two of 'em. Yeah, the holidays were looking mighty bright that year. Forrest knew just what he was going to do with the money. He was going to stick with the plan and save up for his and Ellie May's future. He just wasn't expecting that future to come knocking so soon. \"The County Line restaurant's shutting down,\" murmured his father conversationally as he hauled a six foot section of scrap metal up the ladder to pass to Forrest. The week before one hell of a snow storm had landed on Franklin County like you wouldn't believe. Nearly the whole county had to shut down because of the outrageous winds alone; the same winds that sent three massive oak trees crashing into their barn. As a result, part of the barn's back wall and roof had to be replaced and the men were finishing up the last of the repairs now. Forrest eyed his father. So what The County Line was closing; should that be news to him? But their father only nodded, scratching at his gruffy beard when Forrest finally took the metal from him. He leaned against the roof, feet firmly planted on the ladder rung. \"Yep. Hank decided to close the place down when his wife ran off with that preacher fella from Boone's Mill. I figure he's going to try and hunt her down, maybe win her back.\" Not a man of idle gossip, Papa must've been hinting at something and waiting for him to catch on. As Forrest drug the metal up the roof to where Howard was crouched, hammering away, he grunted, \"Is that so?\" \"Yeah,\" nodded Papa. He observed his sons as they secured the roofing, watching with a hawk-like gaze for any gaps or spots for potential leaks. When he was satisfied that they were doing okay, he retreated down the ladder to snag the final chunk of roofing. \"It's a shame about The County Line,\" he said, passing the metal to Forrest. \"Lots of folks depended on that place for a steady job, including Little Bean Deshazos' grandson Jefferson. That many folks without a job means a lot of mouths unfed. Somebody really ought to buy the place and keep it running.\" So that's what he was getting at. Forrest looked at his brother, who merely snorted, \"What? He ain't talkin' to me. This one's all on you, little brother.\" \"You want me to but The County Line?\" asked Forrest, frowning when his father gave an innocent smile and said, \"Well, now ain't that an idea.\" \"What am I gonna do with a restaurant? Besides, what makes you think I could afford to keep up a place like that?\" Papa pulled a face. Something about that familiar expression told Forrest his father knew exactly how much money Forrest had and just what he'd done to earn it. But, Papa merely said, \"I suppose you could, hell, I don't know, run it.\" \"And what do I know about running a restaurant?\" asked Forrest, amused. Their father wasn't making any sense. Where was this coming from? \"The way I see it,\" murmured Papa, shifting his weight on the ladder. \"You got a little woman in there,\" he motion toward the house. \"That knows how to cook just about every damn thing on this planet. And what she doesn't know how to cook, she learns. I also happen to know that you're good with numbers, Forrest, and a good, smart, patient man. Any child with the control to put that money away, instead of spending it the instant you got it on frivolous bullshit, has the right mind for business.\" Their father looked at him, suddenly. Really looked at him. In that one look Forrest felt like he could see into the very core of his father and knew his father could see inside him right back. Papa sighed, \"Forrest, son, you ain't gonna be happy working a farm for the rest of your life. You're too smart for that. You're too…you got too much going for you, son, to be stuck on a farm.\" \"Daddy, you ain't stupid,\" said Howard as he finished hammering the last piece of replacement roofing. \"I know I'm not, and you aren't either, Howard,\" murmured Papa. \"But that's just the thing. Forrest, me and your brother might be smart. But this kind of life is what we are meant to have. This intense, hard, laborious life is what will satisfy us. We'd be restless and miserable without it.\" Forrest glanced at Howard, half-expecting his brother to be insulted, but there was an honest acceptance on Howard's face. He reckoned Howard had come to terms with the fate of his life long ago. Papa continued, \"Forrest, you'll never be happy with this kind of life. You won't. Buy the restaurant. Start that new life you've been itching for and take that girl with you, damn it.\" His father and brother stared at him, their eyes nearly boring a whole in his chest, until he nodded, \"Alright, yes, sir. I'll…I'll think about it.\" It wasn't the answer their father was looking for but it seemed to placate him for the moment. He returned Forrest's nod and disappeared down the ladder. Forrest plopped down on the roof, resting his head against the cool metal. He expected Howard to lumber down after their father, but instead, he remained at Forrest's side. A silence fell over them, allowing a few quiet moments to pass before Howard cleared his throat. \"He just wants the best for you, is all. He's right and you know it. You won't be happy owning a farm and doing this same shit every day for forever.\" \"And you will?\" Howard sniffed against the cool January air. His nose and cheeks were red from the cold but rivulets of sweat ran down his face from the heavy lifting and the long hours on the barn's roof. His gaze wandered out of the rolling acres of their family farm, passed the mountains, to the horizon. To where he suspected the ocean might be. \"I might not have been…you know, before.\" Before the war. \"But things are different now. I'm different. This life might not be so bad for me.\" Forrest sat up a bit, scrubbing his face with his hands. \"I'm no different than you or Papa. No different, no better.\" \"Shit, little brother, I know you ain't better than me.\" Howard gave a wolfish grin. \"Ain't many that are.\" Howard's eye brightened abruptly and his lips spread into a secretive grin. \"Hey, Forrest…what would you say our biggest problem is running the mule?\" Though the question seemed a bit irrelevant to previous conversation, Forrest gave a lazy, single shoulder shrug. \"The law.\" \"But not our law, not here,\" egged Howard. \"Well, yeah. Outside law enforcement. The FBI, ATU, sheriffs from other counties.\" \"Other counties,\" beamed Howard. \"Wouldn't our business run a whole lot smoother if we didn't have to make runs to other counties?\" Forrest's eyes narrowed. Ruling out runs through other counties would cut their profits by more than half. Sensing his brother's confusion, Howard's grin spread a degree wider and he explained, \"Wouldn't it be easier if we, say, had somewhere to run the shine out of? Some place where we could bring the mule to have it picked up by folks in other counties?\" \"You want a drop off point instead of running the liquor directly to the buyer…\" mumbled Forrest. \"Exactly. Somewhere we can push the shine without having to make runs out of Franklin. Somewhere ideally close to the county line.\" Like a flare gun, the light came on in Forrest head and he immediately swung at his brother, roof tops be damned. His punch caught Howard in the shoulder and his brother skidded down the roofing a bit. \"Ow, alright. It's was just a suggestion! Damn, you gone knock me off the roof.\" \"You're a big man. It ain't that much of a fall for you,\" snapped Forrest. Was he fucking stupid? You can't run a restaurant as a front for an illegal booze business. That was like asking for trouble. It was like asking for a beating. \"No, Howard. No.\" \"Look, just think about it, alright? Like you told Papa.\" Forrest had only said he'd think about it to appease his father. He had no intention whatsoever of purchasing and running that restaurant. Especially not for no white lightning business. But his big brother was giving him such a big, dopey grin, that it was all Forrest could do but chuckle and hang his head in disbelief. Howard was somethin' else alright. \"Say, you know that Ringling Brothers carnival was up in Roanoke this week. Heard it leaves out for Charlottesville tomorrow morning. Think Ellie May's ever been to see the carnival?\" asked Howard, with a knowing smile as he slid toward the ladder. \"Just think about it, Forrest.\" Forrest watched his brother disappear down the side of the barn and was struck with that realization that Howard was much more aware than anyone gave him credit for. Even himself. He remained on the roof for a handful of moments, watching the cotton candy clouds roll across the baby blue sky as the sun began its gradual descent back toward the Earth. He thought about The County Line and both his father and brother's suggestions. He thought about Ellie May and the future he so desperately wanted to provide for her, wanted to give her. He wanted to give that woman every damn thing a man was capable and more. But how? And when? When he eventually brought himself to clamber off the barn and head back inside, the house was bursting with the fresh scent of hot, fried steak. And was that gravy? He crossed to Ellie May at the stove, patting Emmy on the head as he passed her at the table where she sat chopping something or another. He brought a hand to Ellie May's waist, leaning over to sniff the boiling pot of gravy. \"Smells good,\" he confessed and his chest tightened at the way she smiled up at him. \"Can you pack some to go? I'd like to take you somewhere tonight.\" \"Tonight?\" she repeated, her eyes abruptly flashing with excitement. \"Sure.\" They left just after dusk, following the winding mountains north to Roanoke. They drove with the windows down, Ellie May bundled in her favorite sweater, the few loose wisps of her hair whipping in the wind. The radio flowed lightly through the car, competing with the wind, and Ellie May tapped her foot in the floorboard like always. At some point along the ride, Forrest reached across the seat and wrapped his large paw of a hand around hers. It never failed to strike him, how small her fingers felt beneath his. \"Where are we going? To get more fireflies?\" grinned Ellie May. \"If so, I left my jar at home.\" The Bondurant boy tossed her a smile over the steering wheel. \"No fireflies this time.\" \"So where then?\" she prodded animatedly, firmly squeezing his hand. \"Come on. Out with it!\" He shook his head adamantly. \"I'm not sayin' a word.\" \"And just why not?\" \"Cause everybody needs a good surprise now and again,\" he replied vaguely. Ellie May was growing more anxious by the minute but Forrest seemed steadfast in his want to genuinely surprise her. So, she snuggled back against the seat, enjoying the feel of the wind on her face, and held his hand in her lap, drawing little patterns on the back of his palm as they drove over the dark, dusty backroads of Virginia. She lost track of time and soon the world around her was pitch black, the only light coming from the front of the truck. As the night air began to chill, she rolled up her window and slide closer on the bench seat to Forrest. He placed his arm around her shoulders and drew her into him, one hand still loosely gripping the wheel. \"Do you remember the first time you drove me home? From the hospital?\" Forrest glanced down at her, nodding, before fixing his gaze back on the road. Ellie May grinned, \"You were so serious. So tense. I thought you were going to have a seizure or something you looked like you were in so much pain. But I guess now it was just nerves…you were nervous and-\" \"I was not nervous,\" he swiftly cut her off. \"Oh that's rich!\" she gave a great, barking laugh. \"You were too, and you know it!\" \"No, I was not,\" he grumbled, fighting the instinct to grin back at her. \"I was worried, s'all. About your ankle. It was broke, remember?\" \"Oh, I remember,\" she said coyly. She poked him in the chest. \"But I still say you were nervous. But, anyhow, you're much more relaxed now, if it's any consolation.\" To this, Forrest had nothing to offer but a stiff grunt. When they arrived at the train yard in Roanoke the place was nearly deserted. Only a night watchman was posted at the ticket booth, kerosene train lamps hanging from poles around the tracks every fifteen feet or so. \"Forrest, what are we doing here?\" asked Ellie May softly as he pulled the truck off the road and under a thicket of bushes. \"I don't think we're supposed to be here.\" He paused for a moment. \"We probably aren't. Oh well, come on.\" The walked along the edge of the tracks furthest from the watchman, their bodies stooped and angled, trying to keep out of sight. The tracks sat on beds of raised gravel and the sound of their crunchy footfalls was suddenly interrupted by a coyote howling in the distance. Ellie May tensed, eyes scanning the tree line, but Forrest merely stroked his thumb over her knuckles and tugged her along. The faraway coyote howled again and this time it was answered by a train whistle. Forrest knelt on the track, his hand enclosing around the iron fixture. He paused, the whistling of the train growing louder, then stood and pulled her along. \"Forrest, what if the train is coming on this track?\" \"It ain't.\" A massive engine exploded around the bend two tracks over and barreled past them, so huge and so close that they were slammed with a wall of wind. The train churned out rolling clouds of billowing smoke, a fat black rope of smoke that coiled over the cars behind it. Stunned, Ellie May watched, half shielded behind Forrest's massive frame, as half a dozen flat cars whooshed by, loaded with what looked like lumber, but she couldn't tell because the moon had gone behind a cloud. When the final car of the train passed, Forrest continued to tug her along and she followed in an amazed stupor. It was the first time she'd seen a train up close. And she reckoned that was as up close as a person could get. They came to a docked train, the sides painted a faded red, the numbers on the cars chipped and hard to read. Forrest rubbed a hand against the side of the train, rapped his knuckles once, then nodded, \"This should be it.\" She followed him along the body of the locomotive until he came to a sudden stop. He eyed the padlock on the car's handle, fingers lightly tracing the chain. He scanned the space between the tracks, ignoring Ellie May's warnings, until he found a sturdy chuck of forgotten crossties. He brought the iron down on the padlock and was met with a satisfying crunch . The padlock fell to the ground, forgotten. \"Forrest! You can't just go breaking into trains! Have you lost your mind?\" hissed Ellie May, her head whipping around the abandoned train yard for any sign of trouble. \"Come on,\" he grunted, heaving open the car door. The smell hit them first. A foul stench much like that of cow manure. Then came the sounds. Several high pitched shrieks and shrills, all of various caliber. All of the breath in Ellie May flew out in a single gasp, \"What in the world?\" Forrest climbed into the train car, and lifted her up behind him. They were standing amidst dozens of cages – cages containing monkeys. All kinds of monkeys! Large, hairy, orange monkeys. Tiny, brown, bald monkeys. Fat, ape like beasts. There were so many. And they were so loud! \"Forrest,\" his young companion beamed. \"Forrest! How?\" \"Traveling carnival,\" he explained. \"They pass through Roanoke about once every five years. Momma took us once when we were real young. Before Jack or Emmy were born. Howard heard they were in town, figured you might like to take a look...\" She moved toward one of the cages containing the small monkeys. There were two, equal in size and cuteness, but one seemed much older and it hung from the top of the cage in the corner, it's little monkey fist tight around the cage's bars. The other, younger monkey, also hung from the top but swung down as she approached and crawled across the cage's bottom. \"Do you think it's alright to…?\" she asked, reaching toward the cage. The monkey scaled up the cage toward her, pressing its face to the bars and reaching out. Forrest eyed the small creature. What harm could that tiny thing do? \"Just don't let it bite you.\" Ellie May thought she might cry when she felt the tiny, monkey fingers close around her hand. They were so soft, and almost furry, like a dog or a cat. \"Forrest,\" she smiled softly. \"They're so precious. Oh, look at him!\" They went from car to car on the train and found every animal you can imagine. Besides the monkeys, the carnival employed a handful bears, camels, zebras, llamas, two giraffes, an elephant, and nearly two dozen horses. But there was still one car left to explore. Forrest hoped on the flat car, having slung the door open, and extended a hand to Ellie May. He lifted her to him with ease and as she placed her feet on the bottom of the rail car, her eyes widened at the great beasts she saw behind Forrest. \"Oh, my.\" There were only two cages in the final car; in one there lay a sleeping pair of lions, and in the other, a tiger and a panther. All four cats were massive. Very impressively sized things. At the sound of Forrest and Ellie May's intrusion, the tiger lifted its head, sniffing, its whiskers twitching. Ellie May felt Forrest's hands on her waist, felt him pull her back into his chest as the tiger rose to its feet, six hundred glorious pounds of sleek black, orange, and white. His head was huge, his whiskers long, as he came toward them slowly, precisely. He looped around by the cage door, walked away, then stalked back with a low growl. \"Ellie,\" murmured Forrest, tugging her toward the open car door. But her feet were planted firmly, her eyes wide with a childlike enjoyment, \"He's beautiful, Forrest. Damn. Look at them. They're fantastic. All of them.\" \"Ellie-\" The tiger's growl had awoken the others. The lions stretched lazily against the cage, the panther failing to move but watching the pair of human's with a thoughtful gaze, seemingly unbothered by the pacing tiger. One of the lions, the smaller one, yawned and Ellie May took a step toward the lions' cage, her hand coming to her mouth. \"Aww, look, Forrest! Look, he's yawning. How adorable. Oh, where are his teeth? The poor baby doesn't have any teeth. Don't they take care of them?\" \"Ellie May,\" he warned. He didn't like how close she was getting to the cages. With the llamas and monkeys it was different. These were jungle cats, massive lions and tigers, beasts of the animal kingdom. \"Oh, Forrest, he's harmless. He hasn't even got any teeth.\" \"No,\" he mumbled. \"But he's about four hundred pounds and has claws. Now, come on.\" Ellie May pursed her lips at him, tossed one last fleeting look at the lions, tiger, and panther, before conceding and drawing to Forrest's side. \"Well, alright. I suppose I've had enough fun for one night.\" \"That really was something, Forrest,\" she told him as they snuck along the tracks. \"I really mean it. That was…that was amazing. I'll never see anything in my life like it ever again.\" Forrest was glad she'd enjoyed it. He'd enjoyed it, too. The animals had been nice. Some had even been funny. But he'd really thrived at the absolute look of joy her face as she observed and petted the carnival's menagerie. When they reached the truck, he pulled her against the hood and kissed her in the moonlight. He wanted to memorize every part of her, more so than he already had. He wanted to always know the delicate feel of her skin, the gentle caress of her lips, the familiar tickle of her breath as she breathed against him. He wanted her. Wanted her like he'd never wanted anything in his life. She whimpered against his lips, a sexy, pitiful little sound, that made him grin like a madman as he lifted her against the truck. He continued to claim her mouth, her body safely trapped between him and the hood of the truck, professing over and over again, \"I love you.\" He felt her knees dig into his hips, felt her hands on his chest and shoulders, felt the loose tendrils of her hair brush his face. She was everywhere, all around him, and yet he couldn't get enough. \"Forrest,\" she mewled against him, nipping at his bottom lip. Her fingers stroked the hair at the nape of his neck as his crept up her cold thighs. His hand rounded the back of her leg, tugged her forward, closer. He needed more. He legs wrapped around him, feet crossing at the ankles, and as he pushed her skirt up, he felt her shiver at the cold. Drawing his lips to the side of her neck, he showered kisses along her jaw and collar bone, stroking and rubbing her legs for warmth. Her cheek pressed to the top of his head. Ellie May curled her fingers around him, cradling him to her as he trailed kisses down her chest, lips pressing through her top. She could feel the heat from his mouth through her clothing, feel the teasing warmth of his lips. She wondered if he could feel her heart hammering in her chest. If he knew that she was ready to explode with joy. Capturing his face, she brought her lips to his and kissed him soundly, yet with an air of gentleness. She loved the taste of him; his kisses always held the faintest traces of tea and honey. She loved the way he always smelled of corn, dirt, and sweat. She loved the way he burned hot under her touch, warming every part of her. \"Damn it, Ellie,\" he groaned against her mouth, his chest heaving greatly. Licking his lips, he rested his forehead on hers, cupping her face, and just smiled. Ellie May mirrored his expression, her fingers stroking the short stubble along his chin and jaw, murmuring, \"I have to say, this night just keeps getting better and better.\" A low chuckle rumbled deep inside Forrest and he pressed another kissed to her lips. \"Can I ask you a question?\" Ellie May blinked up at him. A small, sincere smile spread across her lips. She whispered, \"Anything.\" Forrest grinned, \"You ever thought about cooking for other folks? You know, like at a restaurant?\" Thoughts?[Chapter 19] Guys! I need a favor! Okay, people of the internet, don't hate me, but I just saw the Avengers movie for the first time yesterday. I know! I don't know why it's taken me so long to see it but I finally have and I love it! So I decided to try and write a Clint Barton/OC story . Here's the favor: go check it out! If you guys are fans of the Avengers movie, I would greatly appreciate it if you'd give the story a chance. It's really humorous but definitely a romance (for those of you who love the fluff) and it features all of the Avengers but will focus on Clint. If you enjoy this little fic, maybe you'll like that story, too! And I promise not to let that story distract me from this one. The Clint/OC story is called HomeMovies and you can find it on my profile page. But you knew that, didn't you? Chapter Eighteen She wasn't sure how they'd gotten roped into coming tonight. She didn't know who any of these people were or what the gathering was even for. All she knew was that her feet hurt and that the boys had to make a mule run to West Virginia in just six hours. Weaving her way through the boisterous crowd, Ellie May searched for Forrest among the sea of bodies. Where had he gotten off to? He must've been using the bathroom or something; it was very unlikely that he let her out of his sight, especially in public, so he must've gone somewhere she couldn't follow. \"Hey, there, little lady,\" someone suddenly slurred. The voice was definitely male and alarmingly close to her ear. Ellie May spun on her aching heels. She came face to face with a grotesquely filthy man whose teeth were so stained and cracked that she nearly flinched at the sight of him, \"Can I help you?\" \"Yeah, I wanna dance,\" he grinned, reaching for her wrist. She evaded his grip, backing up into the mass of people, \"I don't think so.\" He was drunk. As was just about everyone at the gathering. His breath was so foul with the heavy stench of mountain mule that she was surprised he could stand, much less form a coherent thought and put that thought into a sentence. \"Ah, c'mon, just one dance. What, you married or somethin'?\" Her eyes narrowed. She hated drunken persistence. Why couldn't anyone just accept that no really meant 'no'? It didn't mean 'not now' or 'maybe later'. It meant 'no, now get lost.' She stepped away once again as the stranger reached for her, \"Thank you, but no. I don't want to dance. Now, please leave me alone.\" The man's lip curled. \"Look now, I want you to dance with me. Come dance right now or I'm gone haf' to make ya.\" \"And just how you plan on doing that?\" Ellie May glanced over her shoulder, expecting to see Forrest, but was met with the sight of his impressively gigantic older brother. A simple sigh of relief left her lips. Very seldom did people have a problem accepting the word no from Howard Bondurant. Howard eyed the stranger over Ellie May's head. His jaw was tight, his eyes slightly narrowed, and when he spoke, his voice was low yet somehow clear above the ruckus of the party, \"The lady said no, now piss off.\" \"I just wanted a dance…\" grumbled the man as he glared back and forth between the two of them before stumbling into the crowd and disappearing. \"Thank you, Howard.\" \"Don't mention it.\" The older man sighed, running his hand through his curly hair. He eyed her. \"You had about enough of this thing?\" \"Only a lot.\" He nodded. \"Yeah, me too. Whatta you say we find Forrest and beat it?\" \"I'd say that sounds like a plan.\" His hand came to rest on her lower back and he led her through the crowd. When they burst from the front door, Ellie May took a deep breath, her lungs filling with the crisp night air. The house had been so cramped and there had been so much cigarette smoke that she'd found it difficult to breathe. Honestly, this was the last time she was coming to one of these things. Howard gently nudged her elbow, \"Why don't you go wait by the car? I'll find Forrest.\" \"Okay,\" she replied. She watched him retreat towards the barn before slipping toward the row of vehicles lining the drive. When she made it to their truck, she knelt and undid the buckles on her shoes. Slipping the shoes from her feet, she nearly exploded with joy. Her feet were so sore. Popping open the door of the truck, she tossed her shoes into the floor board and turned to slide inside when she felt a rough hand on her waist. \"Hey, there, where's your boyfriend?\" Ellie May nearly screamed. She turned slowly to face the same persistent stranger. Clenching her teeth, she growled, \"You really want that dance, huh?\" The man's eyes twinkled in the darkness. \"Gotta say I do.\" \"Well, too bad,\" she snapped, shoving him off of her. \"I said no before and I meant it. Now, get lost!\" \"Them are strong words for such a little girl. I don't see your tall friend anywhere around…where'd he get off to? Aw, hell, guess that don't really matter.\" The man gave a crooked smile. \"All that matters is that we're alone.\" They were hardly alone. There were at least three couples spread across various vehicles in the drive and a group of no less than ten people loitering by the front of the house. She sneered at the stranger, a dull anger brewing in the pit of her stomach, \"Yeah, we're so alone. Tell me, what've you got planned?\" The man swept his eyes up and down her body unabashedly. Ellie May snorted, \"That's what I thought. Look, do yourself a favor and go on. I bet you don't want any trouble and I don't either. So leave me alone and we can all go home happy.\" \"You've got to be shitting me,\" growled Howard as he and Forrest suddenly rounded the barn. \"Ain't I already told you to piss off, you little fucker?\" Ellie May saw the stranger's eyes widened as he turned to face the approaching Bondurant brothers. She sighed, \"I told you, you should've just left me alone.\" \"Alright, fine,\" he grumbled, staggering back a hair. \"I'll go on.\" \"Oh, no you don't,\" corrected Howard lunging forward to seize the man by the collar. \"You only get one warning.\" Forrest's hand was abruptly on her side. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine. Honest.\" She assured him. \"Forrest, I just want to go home.\" Forrest nodded once. He motioned for her to hop up into the truck and she did so, vaguely aware of Howard dragging the man behind the house. Her lips pursed, \"What'll y'all do to him?\" \"You know what he wanted to do to you, Ellie. We're gonna make sure he don't try doin' that to any other woman ever again.\" Her chest squeezed. \"Just hurry back, please.\" Forrest placed a kiss to her temple. \"Lock the doors,\" he murmured, shutting the truck door, effectively locking her in. She did as he instructed and waiting for them to return. On the February the twenty-third of that year Forrest signed the lease to The County Line. He was taking his father's advice and starting that life he so desperately wanted. He had to admit he was a little excited. It was a strange thing, owning his own business. Everyone he knew was proud of him, though Ellie May had a few concerns regarding the whole thing. \"You think the grown men that work there are going to be fine with some nineteen-year-old coming in and running things?\" she'd asked. To that all Forrest could respond with was, \"They don't got to stay.\" And some didn't; but mostly the staff remained the same. There was their neighbor, Jefferson Deshazo. He was a dishwasher in the kitchen. Jefferson was around the same age as Forrest but had worked The County Line since he was twelve. Then there was Hal Childress, an older gentleman, who worked the counter, serving drinks and running the cash register. Abigail Cornith, a single mother of three whose husband died in the war, was the restaurant's only waitress and worked every single day of the week from open to close. And finally, Everett Dillon, another young man who had helped the former cook run the kitchen. Since the cook had decided to leave, Forrest reckoned his father's plan for him was working out perfectly. He would own and operate The County Line, and Ellie May would be the main cook and run the kitchen. When he'd ask if she'd do him that favor, her eyes narrowed, \"And just when do you think I have time to play cook for a restaurant full of people, Forrest? In case you hadn't noticed, I kinda do a lot around here. There's the entire family's laundry. Schoolin' the children. All the housework. And not to mention all the damn cooking here .\" \"It's a bit slower during the day. The counterman can manage the stove, then. I'd just need you to help me around the dinner rush, is all. Papa and Howard, the kids, they'll understand. You can change, do the kids' schooling to the morning. Besides, they're getting old enough now to do most of the work on their own.\" \"And who is to make supper for the family if I'm at The County Line cooking supper for a bunch of other folks?\" \"You know, I used to dabble in the kitchen once upon a time,\" murmured Papa from his chair by the window. He nibbled on the end of his tobacco pipe. \"Yep, reckon it might be nice to try and sharpen up my skills again. Emmy, you'll help your ole paw out, won't you, sweetheart?\" \"Sure, Papa,\" murmured the young girl with a smile. \"Well, there you go, Ellie May,\" Papa beamed. \"Looks like we got everything squared away. Don't you worry about us.\" \"This was a trap,\" Ellie May told Forrest later that evening. The rest of their family already retired for the night, they were alone by the stove in the family room, curled up on the couch like they'd done a thousand times before. \"You and your father set this whole thing up, didn't you?\" Forrest snorted, \"I ain't takin' any of the credit. This is all him.\" Ellie May traced a path between the buttons on Forrest's shirt. \"Why you figure he wants you to own that place so bad?\" Forrest ran his fingers through her hair, twirling the thin strands and watching them fall through his fingers. \"I think,\" he mused quietly. \"He just wants me to have something for myself. And for you.\" \"For me?\" He looked at her softly. \"Something for us to have together.\" It was a strange yet sweet notion, to think that he'd inadvertently bought The County Line for her. She nuzzled his neck, \"I didn't need anything else, Forrest. I was happy with what we have already.\" He gave her shoulder an affectionate squeeze. \"I know.\" But that didn't mean he'd ever stop wanting to give her the world. Forrest continued to fiddle with her hair, twisting and tugging and twirling the dark strands, until he felt her breathing even against him. He grinned down at her. This was his favorite way to bring any day to an end, her falling asleep in his arms. It was a feeling he didn't think he'd ever get used to. The first few months of operation at The County Line were more stressful than anyone had anticipated. Forrest stayed on edge and Ellie May was getting even less sleep than the few puny hours she was accustomed to. Because those first days were shaky, the restaurant wasn't churning out enough profit to keep running so Forrest was forced to continue pushing shine with his brother to keep the place afloat and free from any debt. One week the men decided to make a last minute run to Blacksburg, a small town a little further north in Montgomery County. They hadn't anticipated much trouble – the sheriffs in the Montgomery area were well known for their blatant stupidity. They'd loaded up two vehicles, lugging crate after crate of mason jars down the mountain until each truck was full of mule, the suspension on the vehicles hanging low from the sheer weight. Howard would drive one truck, Danny sitting shotgun. And Tom Cundiff would drive the other and be accompanied by Forrest. Gummy Coleman was staying behind to watch the still, a fresh batch already brewing in the mash boxes. It was supposed to be a simple run. Only problem was, once they got to Blacksburg free and clear, the buyers they had lined up decided they didn't want to pay. \"I hate to think we just wasted all that time and gas driving out here, but a man's entitled to change his mind, I suppose,\" said Danny cheerfully. He clapped Howard's shoulder. \"Alright, fellas, let's load 'em back up.\" \"Well, hold up, now,\" one of the buyers rumbled, stepping forward. The man's name was Curt Ford and, though he was no Howard, he was not a man of meager size or stature. He loomed at least a head over Danny, \"Y'all ain't takin' that nowhere.\" \"So you've decided to buy it after all. That's just great. We're real happy to oblige our customers,\" said Danny, grinning that oddly perfect grin of his. \"Who the fuck said anything about buying?\" one of Ford's men barked. Forrest surveyed the ragtag gang of men before them. There were six in all, but judging by their build only two would be physically capable of giving them a hard time. He quickly divided the fighting in his head. Danny would take Ford as they were both acting spokepersons for their causes. Tom would go for the two on the left, he would take the two on the right, and that would leave the larger man in the middle for Howard. After Danny dropped Ford, he'd help Tom, while Forrest and Howard managed their three between them. The fight would not be quick but nor would it be dangerous. It would merely be a waste of time and energy and an absolute failure of a sale. They would all go home hungry and tired, their pockets just as empty as they were when they left Franklin. \"You don't have to do this,\" injected Forrest above the low rumble of chatter that had formed. Ford cut him a hard look. \"Don't we? I know who you are and if you think we're intimidated-\" \"And just who are we?\" thundered Howard, towering over the other man. To his credit, Ford didn't cower under Howard's stare but merely gave a wry smile, \"You're those Bondurants, aren't cha?\" Forrest felt the muscles in his back tense, felt a sudden stiffness in his shoulders. How the fuck would somebody in Montgomery County know who they were? There was such a thing called word of mouth, but he'd never heard of whispered words traveling that far. \"Yeah,\" grumbled Howard. \"We are those Bondurants and if you knew anything about us you'd know that we aren't gonna fucking roll over and let you take our load, you sorry sack of shit. You're the one who came to us. You needed mule and we supplied it. We upheld our end of the bargain. If you wanna chicken shit out, that's fine but when we leave we're taking our product with us.\" The larger man from Ford's ragtag gang stepped forward. \"No, you ain't.\" And just like that the fight began. Someone lunged at him and Forrest managed to catch him just in time. He threw the man to the side, disregarding him like the trash he was, as a second man swung and clopped him in the ear. His blood and pulse thudded in his ear as he turned and began throwing fist after fist in the newcomer's face. Out the corner of his eye he saw his first offender rising to his feet and preparing to charge. Forrest sidestepped his attack causing him to tackle his ally instead. Forrest took that moment to slip his hands in his pocket and seize the brass knuckles he carried for Ellie May. The heavy metal weight felt strangely familiar on his fingers and offered a definite comfort in the hectic situation. The first hit with the knuckles Forrest landed across the bone of the man's nose, right between his eyes; then he spun and dealt the same devastating blow to the other man. Both strikes were met with the same satisfying crunch, the same glorious gush of blood. But he didn't stop there. He threw hit after hit until the muscles in his arms and shoulders burned, until his eyes stung from the sweat dripping down his brow, until he was sure they wouldn't move or even breathe too hard after the hell he'd dealt them. Because Forrest knew that in a fight, you gotta hit first, hit with everything you've got. Then keep hitting until your opponent is down, and then you hit some more . 'Cause while many men like the idea of fighting, very few like getting hit. You can make a man wanna quit fightin' real quick with that first shot – a good straight left into the nose bone and most will let it be. Forrest knew in a fight it was the man who liked to get hit that you had to watch out for. He looked down at the fine spray of blood covering his hands and arms. A small frown twitched his lips downward. Those stains were never coming out of his shirt. The side of his face felt sticky and hot and he tentatively reached up, feeling for the source of the blood. His ear had been split. This, too, brought a frown. He knew Ellie May would worry over that single cut on his ear for weeks. He faced his brother and their friends. Danny's usually white teeth were spattered with red, his perfect, pink gums busted clear open and flowing crimson. His brother's best friend eyed Forrest, giving a subtle nod of the head before turning and fetching his hat from the ground. Howard stood stock-still, lumbering over his fallen attacker with a small grin on his lips, his eyes bloodshot with adrenaline. Tom was leaning against the hood of their truck, clutching his left hand with a pained expression. \"It broke?\" asked Forrest. A low growl brewed in the back of Cundiff's throat. \"I fucking hope not. That'd be the last thing I need.\" Howard sighed contentedly, kicking his boot carelessly into the face of the man unconscious at his feet. \"C'mon, y'all. Let's go home.\" And go home they did, with their entire load in stock, but not before Danny and Tom searched the bodies of Ford and his men and took every penny from their pocket. Danny had held up a wadded clump of bills. He gave a bloodied, wry smile. \"For our troubles.\" Forrest woke sometime that night with a murderous headache on one side of his head. He fingered the split lobe caked with dried blood and crust. He swung his legs off the rope bed, Jack stirring slightly behind him. His feet hit the floor heavily and he hung his head between his knees. He paused for a moment, letting the blood flow to his long limbs, before clambering off to the kitchen. He fetched a dish rag, wetted the end, and cleaned his face. Grabbing some butter from the cooler, he lathered the cut with the makeshift solution and wiped his hands clean. He debated on returning to bed for a moment before slipping silently over to the room Ellie May shared with his little sister. He turned the knob completely before pushing the door open just a hair. Their bed had been pushed flush against the wall and Ellie May would sleep on the edge, saving Emmy from falling off when she'd been younger. Now that Emmy was older, the girls had found comfort in their tradition and left the bed where it was. Ellie May was curled on her side, her back to him, shielding Emmy from his sight. Her dark hair spilled across her pillow. The blankets were pulled to her waist, the patterned quilts bright against the muted white of her nightgown. He wanted to go to her, to wake her and take her in his arms. He wanted to kiss her again like he had that night at the train yard; wanted to feel her breath hitch in pleasure because of him . He wanted her to know love like no other had before. He wanted to feel her smooth skin beneath his rough palms, feel her quake beneath his lips. But he hated to disturb her while she slept so peacefully, so he turned, his hand falling from the doorframe, and pulled the door softly behind him. There would be time for sweet kisses and gentle caresses later. For now, he would let her sleep. I thought if I treated you all to an update so soon you'd do me that favor and go check out Home Movies ! As always, my dear friends, I hope you liked this one. This definitely has more action than we've seen previously and it's going to have a hand in developing Forrest into the powerful man he becomes. You know your thoughts are appreciated so review! Cause that makes me really happy. p.s. HAPPY NEW YEAR![Chapter 20] This chapter feels a little funny, and for that I'm sorry. I'm not quite sure what's wrong with it. It just feels a little off. But hopefully you won't notice. As always, my friends, enjoy. Also, be sure to see the author's note at the end. Chapter Nineteen The air was crisp that morning and the sky was dark, a low, messy haze of clouds looming over The County Line. Forrest's hands ached from the bitter cold and he felt for sure that his nose would be turning red right about then. Snow crunched under his feet as he climbed from his truck, an old pine-green Ford he'd bought from a friend of his father's with some of his profits from the still. Approaching the restaurant, Forrest saw the broken glass before he realized that the door was cracked open. Hal Childress, who had arrived early as usual to help Forrest open the place, froze behind him. The older man removed his hat and muttered with a frown, \"Well, that don't look good.\" \"Stay here,\" grunted Forrest. Hal eyed the Bondurant before him. \"Now, I mean no disrespect…you might be my boss but you're still just a kid. How 'bout we go in together?\" Forrest said nothing but moved slowly up the front steps. He didn't object when Hal followed. The front window of The County Line had been shattered, jagged pieces of glass jutting from the now empty wooden frame. Forrest carefully avoided the chunks of broken glass on the porch as he nudged open the already ajar door with the toe of his boot. The weight of the brass knuckles in his pocket suddenly intensified and he subconsciously slipped his fingers into the weapon's tight grips. Together the pair moved through the restaurant quickly and came to the conclusion that they were alone. Slightly more at ease, they inspected the damage that had been done. The floor of the restaurant remained virtually untouched – the tables were in place, chairs turned upright – but the cash register lay upside down on the floor behind the bar and the storage room off of the kitchen had been destroyed. \"How much did they take?\" asked Forrest lowly. He stood stock-still in the middle of The County Line, his shoulders rigid, his face tight. Hal replied as he put the register right. \"They didn't touch the money. Prolly couldn't figure out how to open the register. But they took most of the meat from the cooler and all the canned goods.\" The Bondurant boy nodded, swallowing thickly. \"Alright. Let's get her cleaned up.\" Just shy of four months had passed since Forrest took control of The County Line and until that morning those months had passed by peacefully and without incident. As they cleared out the broken shelves from the store room, Forrest pondered his next course of action. He knew there was little to be done, unless he was able to find out who had broken in and robbed them. Nonetheless, he knew he couldn't let it happen again. They lugged the broken shelving out behind the restaurant to the burn pile where they sometimes smoked the meat. As the last of the rubble was tossed onto the pile, Forrest shifted his weight, watching as Hal lit his cigar. \"I'd appreciate it,\" said Forrest. \"If you didn't mention this to anyone.\" Though he was a tad curious as to Forrest's intentions, Hal conceded, \"Ain't my business to tell.\" When Ellie May arrived around midday, Forrest dreaded the conversation he knew would shortly follow. He could hear her kind voice as she said her good mornings to Hal and a few of their regular customers who were already holed up at the bar; he could hear the slight click of her shoes as she slipped into the kitchen, the swinging door flying shut behind her. She paused at the mouth of the kitchen and Forrest turned in his chair when she approached his office. \"Hey, Forrest...where're Everett and Jefferson?\" \"Sent 'em home.\" \"You what? What'd ya do that for?\" \"Ain't gonna be any dishes to wash today. 'Cept a few glasses. Figure Hal could handle that.\" A crease formed in her brow. Ellie May crossed her arms and propped against the door frame, peering down her nose at him, \"And why is that?\" \"The kitchen's shut down today.\" \"Oh?\" she scoffed. Ellie May watched the muscles in Forrest's jaw twitch. That's when she noticed the stiffness in his frame. Something had happened. Her stomach turned sour as she softened the edge in her words, \"Forrest, what is it?\" His adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed angrily, leaning back in his chair. \"Somebody broke in. Took all the food.\" \"Oh my,\" gasped Ellie May, hand rising to cover her mouth. \"And the money?\" \"Didn't touch it. Couldn't get the register open.\" \"How'd they get in?\" \"Front window. Busted it clear open.\" Ellie May frowned. So that's why they'd moved the open sign. Placing her things on his desk, she glided across the wooden floor to stand behind Forrest, resting her hands on his shoulders. She slowly massaged the tense muscles and muttered, \"I'm so sorry, Forrest…at least no one was hurt.\" 'No, no one was hurt, but someone will be.' Forrest thouhgt, though he refrained from speaking it aloud. He knew his words only trouble her and there wasn't any use in that; he would handle things just fine. As her fingers tenderly dug into his back and shoulders, he reached up and covered one of her hands with his own, giving an affectionate squeeze. \"Howard's bringing me a cot and some clothes later. It looks like I'll be sleeping here for a while,\" he told her. Her hands ceased all movement. \"Now, Forre-\" \"Ain't no sense in arguing, Ellie. This is my decision. I can't let this happen again. You know how much money we put into that food? How much we lost when they took it? Now, I can't do anything about what's been taken. It's gone and there's nothing to be done about it. But they'll be back, you can count on that, and I'll be waiting for 'em.\" Sighing, Ellie May drew away. She leaned against the door, looking out at the vacant kitchen. She knew he was right on one account – there was no use in arguing with a man like Forrest. After chewing her lip for a moment, she spoke, \"Fine. Stay here. But Howard's staying with you.\" \"Howa-\" \"Either he's staying with you or I am. Your pick, Forrest.\" Gritting his teeth, Forrest licked his lips and muttered, \"I already told you, Ellie, you don't have to worry about me.\" \"The hell I don't, Forrest. I don't know if you've noticed but you and your brother have a tendency to attract trouble.\" His brow furrowed in a peculiar way that Ellie May found kind of adorable. He leaned forward in his chair, elbows on the arm rests. \"What you mean by that?\" Ellie May gave a slight giggle. \"Oh, I don't know…Clarence Cardinal and Joe Fensky, Curt Ford and his gang from Blacksburg, the Shively brothers, and let's not forget that little mess with Clyde Eller a while back...\" \"Yeah, well, that wasn't…uh…that was, um…\" Forrest frowned. \"Those weren't because we…\" Rolling her eyes, Ellie May snickered, \"Uh, huh. Whatever you say, Forrest.\" Sometime later, Howard stumbled up the front steps of The County Line. It was after eight o'clock and he looked exhausted, having just spent four days alone at the still. They were preparing for a major run, taking the load of white lightning all the way to Cincinnati, Ohio. It was nearly a day's drive for both parties, as the buyers were coming in from northern Indiana, and the men weren't looking forward to the trip in the slightest. Hell, the only reason they'd agreed to the sale in the first place was because the buyers were distant relatives of Gummy Coleman's. Or so he'd claimed. Lumbering through the restaurant, the eldest Bondurant lingered by a rowdy card game in the corner. The half-drunk men slapped stacks of bills and coins onto the table top, their drinks sloshing in their shaky hands. They were slinging pitiful slurs at one another and flashing their cards this way and that, plumes of smoke mushrooming over the table from their cigars. \"Don't even think about it, Howard,\" murmured Ellie May as she emerged from the kitchen. Leaning over the bar, she pursed her lips in his direction, \"You are stone-cold sober. You'd hustle those men out of every penny they have in less than a minute.\" \"That's kinda the point,\" he grunted. Nonetheless, he forced himself to walk passed the group, vaguely aware that Ellie May was still speaking to him, \"I swear, Howard, sometimes you make me want to-\" Howard swiftly cut off the beginning of, what he was sure would've been, another one of Ellie May's condescending rants. \"Yeah, that's real fascinating and all. Where's Forrest?\" Eyes narrowing into slits, Ellie May hiked a thumb over her shoulder, \"In his office.\" He joined his little brother, tossing the bundled up cot in the corner and plopping down into an empty chair. Howard rubbed his hands over his face furiously as if to scrub away the long day. His head lulled to the side and he saw Ellie May through the window above the stove that looked out into the restaurant. She was emptying the ashtrays from the tables and replacing salt and pepper shakers. Howard frowned, \"All the women in the world and you gotta pick that one…don't get me wrong, I like her well enough I guess but, damn, if she ain't annoying as shit sometimes.\" Forrest rose an eyebrow in his brother's direction. \"And you're just a regular ray of sunshine.\" \"Piss off, little brother.\" There came a tired lapse of silence and Howard called at Ellie May to bring him a beer, barely remembering to tack a please onto the end of his request. As she fetched him a drink, Howard kicked Forrest's chair, \"How long you plannin' on stayin' up here?\" \"Long as it takes,\" grumbled Forrest as he poured over his notebooks. \"Ellie May thinks you're gone stay here with me. See to it that she doesn't learn otherwise.\" \"You need me to stay?\" Forrest dropped his pencil and sighed. He glanced at the cabinet in the corner where his long barreled .38 was safely tucked away. \"No. I'll handle it. You just make sure she thinks you're here.\" \"Yeah, alright.\" A moment later Ellie May begrudgingly brought Howard a glass of water, muttering something about a beer doing him no good, and instead placed the beer on Forrest's desk. She smiled at him sadly, \"Figured you could use it more than he could.\" Forrest spent two weeks sleeping on his cot on the floor of the storage room between stacks of canned beans and potatoes. It was a highly unpleasant arrangement and by the sixteenth day he began to question his decision. The floor was hard and uncomfortable despite the cot's best efforts; when he woke in the mornings his body ached, his bones cracking and popping as he scrambled off the floor. Forrest was used to not sleeping but he'd never woken up hurtin' before. Besides, the closest he'd come to catching the thieves was a baby possum he'd nearly shot on the fourth night. \"I'm done,\" he told his older brother the morning of the nineteenth day. \"I ain't catching jack shit up here. I'm coming home.\" For the first time since Forrest had taken over The County Line, Hal was late to work that same day. When he sped into the lot an hour and a half late, his brow was sweaty, the collar of his shirt soaked in perspiration, and there was a fat grin on his face. He swiped his hat off his head as he darted into the restaurant, \"Hey, Forrest, sorry I'm late but, um…Caroline had the baby! A healthy little boy. Name's Samuel. He's beautiful, Forrest.\" Forrest stood with a small smile to shake Hal's hand. \"Congratulations. Caroline doin' okay?\" \"Oh, yeah, you bet. She's a tough ole bird.\" Hal shook Howard's hand, too, though the older Bondurant was much quieter, offering a sad, sort of half-smile that looked more like a grimace. \"Anyway, I'll go get the grill runnin'.\" \"Already taken care of…there's a pot of coffee on. Help yourself to a cup and then be on your way,\" replied Forrest politely. There came a slight pause and Hal regarded the Bondurant with a pensive stare. Surely, thought Hal, he wasn't being fired for arriving late one day in four months. He might not know a lot of intimate details about his boss's life, but after months of working with the man, Hal had gotten a feel for the kind of person Forrest was. And he wasn't cruel or rash. Hal shook his head, \"I don't…\" Forrest held up a hand, motioning the door. \"I'm serious, now. Go on. What were you thinking coming in today, anyhow? Can't believe you left your wife after what she's just been through. You go on home, Hal. Say hello to Caroline for me, tell her I said congratulations. I'll see you tomorrow.\" A wave of relief floating over him, Hal shot his boss an appreciative smile, \"Thanks, Forrest.\" Grunting in response, Forrest gave a nod as Hal disappeared back the way he came. There was a slight tension in the air following his departure, a heaviness that would go unspoken. Forrest knew Howard was envious of Hal's good fortune. His brother wanted to give Lucy a baby so bad he couldn't stand it. The loss of their previous children was no small burden for Howard to bear, though he did so in silence. Swishing around the remnants of his coffee, Howard stood and stretched. \"Well, best be getting back to the house…Ellie May's making French toast or somethin' for breakfast.\" Forrest couldn't stop the envious glare that molded his features. \"Y'all save me some. Bring it by later on your way to the still.\" \"I ain't goin' by the mountain but I'll send some with Ellie May when she comes,\" grumbled Howard. He tapped the counter, \"Don't suppose you'd be willing to rethink our proposition about this place now that you've had time to get used to runnin' it.\" Forrest gritted his teeth. \"I done told you, Howard. I ain't pushin' mule through here.\" \"I'm just sayin', it's the perfect location. Right by the county line, folks be coming from all directions. No runs. No mess. No trouble. At the end of the month what you don't sell to travelers we can sell around town. Danny's already talked to some of our regular buyers. We got a lot of folks willing to follow us here.\" \" Howard .\" \"Alright, fine. Damn. If you're gone be such a woman about it…\" Howard finished his coffee and slid the mug down the counter to his brother. Belching, he righted his hat and muttered, \"See ya later, Forrest,\" before following after Hal through the front door. The rest of the day passed uneventfully with a slow, but steady, stream of customers coming and going from the restaurant. With Hal out for the day, Forrest had Everett Dillon man the bar. Everett was a good kid, Forrest had decided, though he was scarcely two years younger than himself. He was smart, a real quick thinker, and he wasn't afraid to work hard. Everett stayed late in Hal's place, helping Forrest shut the place down. While Forrest tallied up the day's earnings at the register, Everett stacked the chairs on top of the tables so he could sweep the flooring, having already wiped down the table tops and bar. Another thing Forrest welcomed about Everett – the boy didn't like small talk. They worked silently, efficiently, and when they were through, Forrest invited Everett to stay for a drink. They gathered around the burn pile, the night sky alit with millions of little stars, passing a jar of mountain mule between them. Everett's father ran a still on Smith Mountain with Everett's uncles and as the familiar burn of the homemade liquor sizzled down his throat, Everett licked his lips. \"Gotta say, it's better than the shit my paw cooks up.\" Forrest nodded. \"I usually keep a jar in the cabinet in my office. You can help yourself whenever, so long as you aren't drinking on the job.\" Everett eyed Forrest like he was some sort of foreign specimen, like he was an alien presence on Earth. \"You're really smart, you know that? You sure you're only nineteen?\" A smile ghosted over his lips. Once more, Forrest nodded and brought the jar to his lips. \"Yeah, I'm sure.\" That's when he heard it. Heard the familiar crunch off boots on snow, heard the nervous chatter of two muffled voices. Everett seemed to have heard it too, for he was abruptly sitting straight and alert. Forrest motioned for Everett to go in through the back; he would come around front and they would trap them inside. Slinking along the edge of the restaurant, the sound of breaking glass paralyzed Forrest, a foul anger seizing him. They'd just gotten that window replaced yesterday. He trudged forward and tried to silence his heavy steps as he followed the pair of skinny men into The County Line. They were going straight for the kitchen, something akin to potatoes shack in their hands. He glanced at the office where he saw Everett crouched, the gun from the cabinet clutched firmly in his grasp. Baring his shoulders, Forrest shouted, \"Alright, now, don't move! Turn around.\" \"W-which is it? Don't move or turn around?\" asked a quiet, almost feminine voice. The men were shaking, their hands poised above their hands as Everett revealed himself, the gun strapped across his chest. \"Turn around,\" growled Forrest, the brass knuckles already on his hand. They turned slowly, nearly bumping into one another, and Forrest felt his stomach tighten in nauseous surprise. The thieves were not the scruffy, dirty, shameful faces needing to be taught a lesson as he expected, but instead, they were hungry, cowering little girls. They blinked at him fearfully, their eyes wide and impressionable. He pointed at the office, \"Everett, you wanna put that away?\" Everett said nothing but did as Forrest suggested, returning the gun to the cabinet. \"You got names?\" Forrest attempted to ask in a gentle tone. He dropped the knuckles back into his pocket as the taller of the two girls tried to speak, \"We…we don't mean any trouble. Please just…let us go.\" Forrest nodded, \"Yeah, alright, I'll let you go…you wanna eat first?\" The girl blinked. \"Do we want to what?\" \"Eat,\" Forrest repeated himself. \"Way I see it, somebody only steals food when they're hungry…\" A fierce blush spread across the girl's face and crept down her neck. The other girl, most likely her younger sister or close friend, inched closer to her and whispered something in her ear. They stared indecisively at him for a moment and then, the older one nodded. \"We can eat.\" A million and one thanks to everyone who is supporting this story. I honestly can't say it enough. I love you, guys, so much. It's because of you that this story is continued. Seriously. You guys are very demanding; but that's alright, I like it. A lot of you have been asking about the ending and I'll say one thing, the same thing I've been saying: I'm not going to tell you how it ends because that's always the best part. The ending will be huge, ginormous, overwhelming, and will completely blow your mind. I'm not going to say what happens to Ellie or if she and Maggie have some major stand-off or if the ending is sad. You all will just have to wait and see. But trust me, it's worth the wait…though, I guess I'm a little biased.[Chapter 21] I don't know if you guys noticed but, um, this story has over 240 reviews. And I kinda want to marry you all. Thank you so much: Dasiygirl95, JohnnyStormsGirl, 26RH, Kay1104, countrystrong '89 , coronacowgirl, Amanda, Jocy723, Michael, Mel F, Jones, JazzyJane, IsYourH3artTaken, KaicherAlfstan , Priscilla2, carly, Joey, Not. So. Typical. Girl., mzmayne6 , ConsistentlyRandom21, Laura Page Turner , gina, nicci1980, aeskubal, Dawnie-7 , Morgan, dcsays, sarahandmaddie and all of the Guests! I am beyond thrilled that you guys enjoy this story so much and take the time to share that. Dcsays asked if I would tell how long it will be before the end. To be honest, I'm not quite sure. I know exactly what's going to happen and I'm guessing there's about fifteen to twenty parts left. That being said, I always write more than I expect so this story will probably see forty-five chapters before it's over. There's still quite a bit left. I know the ending to that last chapter was a big surprise for most. Sorry to those who wanted to see some more action! Don't worry, though. There's plenty action left. Also, I know you guys missed the fluff between Forrest and Ellie, so there's a little bit of that going on in this one. As always, I hope you enjoy. Let me know what you think! Chapter Twenty Despite the older girl's initial skepticism, Forrest found it was easy to get their story out of her once he was pumping them full of ham and cheese omelets and grits. The starving girls ate quickly, with little, satisfied grins on their mouths, Forrest watching them out the corner of his eye as he sent Everett home. Apparently, the girls were from West Virginia and, as he had predicted, were sisters. Though she wouldn't say what exactly happened, the oldest stated that their parents were gone. Judging by the familiar, vacant stare in her eyes as she said it, Forrest could only assume their parents had died. She went on to say that they were sent to a girls' home. \"Wasn't so bad…actually, even with all the chores and stuff, it was sort'a nice, you know? All those other girls who knew what we were going through…it was like a never ending slumber party.\" A crease in his brow, Forrest repeated her curiously, \"Slumber party?\" \"That's what Irene called it. I dunno know. She's from New York,\" the girl shrugged as she explained. Then, she continued, \"But um…one day this little old lady came in and said she had daughter that was my age who had died and that she wanted to take me home. Just me.\" The younger girl's fork paused halfway to her mouth. Her chin began to quiver, her eyes misting over. Slowly, she put her fork back on her plate and chewed her lip. Her sister reached over and patted her shoulder, urging her to finish eating. She looked at Forrest, her hand still comforting her sister, \"Do you have any family, mister?\" Forrest replied quietly, \"I do…I have two brothers, a sister, a father, and, uh, an Ellie.\" \"An Ellie?\" asked the younger one. It was the first time she'd spoken and her squeaky voice betrayed her. She was even younger than Forrest thought. \"What, is she your wife?\" the older girl asked. \"Not yet,\" murmured Forrest, before he added, \"But soon.\" The girls smiled, glancing at one another. The older girl fixed him with a curious stare for a moment, and then sighed, \"Well, since you've got so much family, I'm sure you know what it's like. That need to protect 'em, and be there for 'em. I couldn't just leave her. So we ran. Or, well, we walked mostly. We found this abandoned house in the mountains just that way-\" She pointed out the window and Forrest reckoned she meant Smith Mountain. \"That's where we've been staying. Look, I'm sorry we stole your food but…but I'm no hunter and I got to feed her somehow. I know it's wrong but I just…I didn't know what else to do.\" There was a desperation in her words. Not just a desperation that drove her to her actions, but a desperation for him to understand. She needed him to understand. To understand why she'd done it and why she would do it again. Because she loved her sister deeply and she would do whatever she had to do to protect her. Forrest could definitely empathize. It was one thing to steal for the hell of it, or for money. But the hungry stealing for food. Besides, they were just children. Forrest cleared his throat and stood, \"Yeah, alright. Y'all finish up. We gotta get goin' before it starts snowin' again.\" He took them to his father's farm and told them to wait in the family room, said they could warm up by the stove. He went to Ellie May first. \"Those are the ones who broke in?\" she whispered, staring at the pair of frighteningly thin girls on the couch. She swatted Forrest's chest. \"Forrest…c'mon, now. They're tiny! There's no way they could've lugged all that food up the mountain. Or broken that window. They're babies for Heaven's sake.\" \"I promise you, Ellie, it's them. Caught 'em in the act.\" Rubbing his hand over his face, Forrest sighed and motioned the door, \"Can you go in there with 'em? Try to…I don't know…calm 'em down or-\" \"Yeah, sure thing,\" she murmured. Ellie May ran her hand up and down his arm before wrapping her fingers around his own. \"Hey, this is a good thing. At least you can come home now.\" Forrest nodded, \"Howard, too.\" Ellie May rolled her eyes. \"Please, Forrest. I knew the second day that Howard wasn't really staying up there with you. He snores like a bear, remember? Hard missin' a man like that.\" Sheepishly muttering an apology, Forrest pressed a kiss to her forehead and went to wake his father as Ellie May slipped into the family room, introducing herself to the young sister thieves. Despite Ellie May's warm smile and motherly affections, the girls remained tense until Papa took charge. Charming man, their father. Papa resolved the situation quickly – the girls' would stay the night in Belva and Era's old room, then they would join Lucy at the cabin in Penbrook where they would remain until something more permanent could be arranged. \"I won't leave my sister,\" persisted the oldest girl. Papa Bondurant nodded. \"Sounds fair so long as you don't cause any trouble. Think y'all can manage that for a few days?\" \"Yes, sir,\" the sisters chimed. When morning came the following day, Ellie May sent Emmy to wake the newcomers. The girls tumbled blindly into the kitchen behind the littlest Bondurant, their eyes wide, their cheeks flushed. Ellie May motioned the back door. \"Y'all go wash up. Breakfast'll be ready in just a minute.\" Too dazed to argue or protest, they did as instructed. \"Hey, Jack, who's that?\" Cricket elbowed his best friend as the sisters emerged from the house to gather around the water pump. The pair of young friends were sitting on the fence of the pigpen, tossing twigs and broken chips off pine cones at the pot-bellied sows. Jack's hand froze midair, the pine cone falling limply into the mud. Jack frowned, \"I got no clue.\" Hopping off the fence, he grabbed the suspenders on his chest. \"Let's find out.\" \"Uh, Jack,\" muttered Cricket as he hobbled after his friend. \"That might not be such a good idea.\" But Cricket's suggestion fell on deaf ears; Jack was marching toward the water pump with a fierce look in his eyes. Cricket groaned. He knew that look well. Jack was the sheriff in this town and that look clearly said he was out for blood. The girls looked up as he fast approached. Squaring her shoulders, the eldest pushed her little sister behind her, drying her hands on her clothes. She eyed him angrily, glancing over his shoulder at Cricket. Who were these dirty, pudgy-faced boys and why did they look like they were looking for trouble? The girl cleared her throat, \"Who are you?\" Jack nearly fell out. \"Who am I? You're on my farm! Who are you ?\" \"I wouldn't say it was your farm,\" murmured Cricket nervously. The girl was obviously older than them. Taller, too. But she was still a girl and Jack needed to mind his manners. Licking his lips, Cricket introduced himself. \"Hi, there. I'm Cricket Pate and this is Jack.\" Jack swiftly smacked Cricket's arm. \"Shut up, Cricket!\" \" Ow . What'd you do that for?\" \"Why'd you go tellin' 'em our name?\" \"Ain't like it's some big secret…\" The youngest Bondurant male glared somethin' awful at his best friend before fixing his hard gaze on the girls. \"What're y'all doing on my farm?\" \"Eatin' breakfast,\" growled the eldest girl. Slipping an arm around her sister, she turned toward the house and stalked off. Jack saw red. \"Hey! Don't turn your back on me! I was talkin' to-\" Jack's angry shout was suddenly cut short as a large hand, more of a paw really, clumped around his neck. He was yanked backwards and made to look up at the stern face of his brother, Howard. \"Where'd you learn to talk to a woman like that?\" \"You,\" spat Jack, wincing the second it was out of his mouth. Why'd he always have to do that? Say stupid stuff he don't mean. \"Boy, you don-\" began Howard, but he seemed to think better of it. Breaking off into a low string of grumbles, he shoved Jack away and told the boys to make themselves presentable; they were having company for breakfast. \"Who are those girls, Howard?\" \"None a'your damn business, Jack. Shut up and do as you're told. What're you smirkin' at, Cricket?\" The crippled boy's face instantly fell. \"Nothing,\" he squeaked. \"Nothin' at all. Sorry.\" \"Howard, are you giving those boys a hard time?\" shouted Ellie May from the back porch. \"Boys, he botherin' you?\" \"No!\" yelled Cricket, right as Jack hollered, \"Yes!\" \"For your damn information, woman, I was bothering them 'cause they were bothering those girls!\" fired Howard, stomping towards her. Most would've been intimidated by such a sight but sweet, little Ellie May merely rolled her eyes, \"Of course they were. Howard, they're children. It's how they communicate.\" \"It's how you communicate,\" muttered Howard under his breath. \"Always gotta be botherin' somebody.\" \"What was that?\" asked Ellie May. \"Is the food ready, yet?\" \"Do you care about anything else besides food? People probably think we starve you the way you're always hungry. It's not natural.\" \"I'm a big man! I gotta eat!\" \"Big baby's more like it,\" snapped Ellie May as she ushered Cricket and Jack, who were snickering at the adults' exchange, into the house. The kitchen was full of bodies – Papa Bondurant, Forrest, the sister thieves, Lucy – and one of the benches from the picnic table by the barn had to be brought inside to accommodate for everyone. Emmy and Lucy were setting the table as Ellie May finished retrieving the last pan of biscuits from the oven. Forrest offered a good morning smile to the sisters, guiding them to the table. They sat awkwardly, shifting and fidgeting in their seats. This twitching only got worse when Jack and Cricket took their seats across from them. The younger girl's ears burned red as Cricket attempted to subtly stare at her. Noticing this, Lucy nudged Ellie May with a slight giggle. \"Isn't that cute?\" Ellie May frowned. \"He's a bit old for her don't you think? Cricket's fifteen and that little girl can't be more than twelve. Hell, maybe younger.\" Lucy drew in a quick breath. \"I forget Cricket's so much older than Jack as scrawny as he is. Poor fella.\" It was on the tip of Ellie May's tongue to tell Lucy she didn't have much room to talk as far as being scrawny went. But somehow she managed to swallow the comment and joined her family at the table. Papa said a quick grace, thanking the Lord for the safe arrival of their new guests and praying for their eventual safe departure. There was a constant, polite murmur of conversation while they ate. Lucy and Ellie May tried to keep things light while pretending that Jack and Cricket weren't blatantly staring at the girls. When their plates were empty and their stomachs full, Forrest and Howard escorted their younger siblings out of the house, leaving the sisters to talk with Lucy and their father while Ellie May cleared the table. \"Who are they?\" grumbled Jack for the twelfth time. His hands stuffed in his pocket, he drummed his thumbs on the tops of his thighs. Emmy poked her brother's shoulder. \"Why you bein' so nosy?\" \"They just needed a place to stay, is all,\" replied Forrest before Emmy and Jack could get started. \"Why're y'all sitting around? Don't you got some chores to do?\" Cricket scratched his neck. \"We're supposed to be having school right now.\" \"Yeah, well class is cancelled,\" muttered Howard. He motioned the fields and barn. \"Y'all go on. Get.\" \"You know those girls are going to be staying at your cabin and you can't be talking to them like you do Jack and Emmy,\" murmured Forrest as the younger kids scrambled away. Howard sighed, eyeing the house, \"Yeah, I know. How the hell we gone find somebody to take 'em? Folks around here can't afford their own damn children, much less two more.\" Forrest grounded his teeth. \"Papa'll think of something. Always does.\" \"Here!\" She thrust the notebooks at him, their worn spines cracking. \"I can't make the numbers add up! None of it is adding up. It doesn't make any sense. Where is all of the money going?\" Fighting a grin, Forrest took the notebooks from Ellie May and leafed through the pages. The first notebook was a record of the register that Ellie May updated every night. Every sale they made was recorded in that notebook. In the second, each purchase they made was recorded. Any time Forrest bought steaks or new dishes or a pair of table cloths, he jotted it down. In another notebook, the bills were recorded. The electricity, the mortgage, the gas. And once a week Forrest or Ellie May would take the notebooks and see to it that every penny was accounted for. \"I hate math. I hate it,\" moaned Ellie May. \"You're not wrong. We're just runnin' outta money,\" murmured Forrest, tapping his pencil on the paper. With a frustrated sigh, Ellie May fell down into the chair beside him. Her elbows on the table, she rubbed her temples, \"I don't understand where all of it is going.\" \"Don't worry. I'll make a couple of runs next month and get us back on track.\" \"Is that going to be the solution every time we get a little behind?\" Forrest shot her a bemused glance. \"You got a better idea?\" Pursing her lips, Ellie May folded her arms in front of her. \"Why don't we sell Howard to the circus? Well, that's if they'll take him. He could be a strong man…or some kind of freak show like a half-man, half-monkey.\" Forrest gave a low chuckle and dropped his hat onto the table. It was late, the sky black outside. They were alone at the restaurant. He pointed at the stove still burning behind the bar. \"Turn that off, will you?\" The end of April was upon them and a low, soft heat was brewing in the mountains. Tugging at the collar of his shirt, Forrest loosened the first few buttons and motioned for Ellie May to join him after she shut off the stove. He patted his thigh invitingly. \"Hold your horses.\" Ellie May locked the front door and turned off the lights in the kitchen and storage room. Then, she settled in his lap, her hands slipping over his shoulders. Crossing her ankles, she leaned against him and curled her fingers at the nap of his neck. \"What am I gonna do with you, Forrest Bondurant?\" The corners of his mouth twitched upward. \"Love me.\" \"All be damned if you aren't just a big sweetheart,\" she softly murmured, stroking his cheek. Ellie May placed a light kiss on lips, her fingertip trailing along his jaw. \"I spoke with Lucy yesterday. She got a letter from the girls last week, said they're doing good. Apparently, Sadie's doing real well in school. Her teacher thinks she might graduate early.\" Three months ago the sisters – Sadie, the eldest, and Margaret – were adopted by a wealthy couple from North Carolina. The husband was a banker, the wife a volunteer nurse. Apparently, their only child had been a boy who'd fought and died in the war and they'd been trying to replace his absence in their lives ever since. None of the Bondurants were quite sure how their father knew the couple, but were thankful nevertheless. The sisters sent Lucy letters once a month. Forrest twisted Ellie May's hair around his finger. \"Sounds about right.\" Leaning forward, she kissed the tip of his nose. \"You about ready to head home?\" The Bondurant boy shook his head. \"Nope.\" Hugging her waist, he drew her face to his and kissed her tenderly. She hummed happily against him, one hand firmly cradling his head, the other splaying across his chest. Her fingertips inched north to stroke the skin exposed where he'd opened his shirt; she felt him shiver when she touched him. \"I can turn the stove back on if you're cold,\" she whispered teasingly, her breath warm on his lips. Nearly four years had passed since Forrest first kissed her in that deer stand in the woods and Ellie May was amazed that his kisses still turned her into pudding. His lips were so plump and his touch so gentle. When he kissed her, her heart thudded in her chest and her pulse pumped in her ears and her world tilted off its axis ever so slightly. She didn't ever wanna stop kissing him. His calloused hand cupped her face. Their foreheads pressed together, Forrest nipped at her mouth and murmured her name. There was no feeling in the world quite like holding her to him. Something about being able to feel her pressed against him, about knowing she was safe in his arms. It made Forrest feel like a man in every sense of the word. Their mouths gently scraping, he coaxed her lips apart to taste her. Her hands tightened around him and she arched forward into his touch. Suddenly, Forrest stilled beneath her. Ellie may shifted, drawing back. She licked her lips and asked, \"What is it? What's wrong?\" \"Headlights,\" Forrest murmured and the next thing Ellie May knew she was lifted from his lap and put on her feet. Smoothing out her skirt, she followed Forrest to the window, ignoring him when he shushed her back. Forrest took one look outside and muttered, \"Aw, hell.\" Unlocking the front door, he told Ellie May to get some water boiling and fetch some rags. Forrest yanked open the door just as Howard and Danny reached the front steps, Tom Cundiff limp and bloodied in their arms. \"What happened?\" demanded Forrest as they dragged Tom inside The County Line. \"He got shot,\" shouted Danny, his gaze wide and nervous. The front of his person was caked in Tom's blood and there were streaks of crimson down his face. \"We were making a run to Knoxville and got stopped by a couple of sheriff's just after passing the state line. Them Tennessee fuckers don't play. They just shot him! Didn't give any warnin' or nothin'!\" They lugged Tom up onto a table and Howard immediately went about ripping his shirt from his chest. The bullet had entered his left side between his heart and stomach and blood was gushing from the wound like a burst pipe. \"Ellie, I need those rags!\" called Forrest. \"Oh my Lord!\" shrieked Ellie May when she emerged from the kitchen, a bundle of dishrags in hand. \"What happened?!\" \"Tom's been shot,\" mumbled Howard. \"Forrest, we gotta stop this bleeding or he ain't gone make it much longer.\" Ellie May cradled Tom's head in her hands as they attempted to stop the flow of blood pouring out of his side. She stroked his hair and spoke to him a long, excited string of near incoherent-ness. As she spoke, his eyes darted around, low moans of pain echoing in his throat. A few times his eyes rolled back into his head and she'd slap his face. \"Tommy, you gotta stay awake, now! C'mon.\" \"Howard, it ain't stoppin'. We gotta get him to the hospital,\" muttered Forrest, his hands, too, now covered in his friend's blood. \"They ask questions at hospitals,\" replied Howard, his voice low and undetected by Danny or Ellie May. Across the table, Forrest cut Howard with a look so disgusted that he thought his brother might vomit on spot. Howard ground his teeth, \"I'm just sayin', Forrest. Can you afford to lose the still?\" \"It's just money, Howard. Tommy's dying . You know Hodges and them don't give two shits about Prohibition.\" \"Don't mean we should go flaunting it-\" \"Danny!\" growled Forrest. \"Fetch the car. Now . Ellie, call the hospital in Rocky Mount, let 'em know we're comin'.\" Another surprise ending, I suspect. Hope this one had enough fluff and the promise of a little action to satisfy you.[Chapter 22] Just wanted to clear something up about the dates. I don't think I made it evident enough in the last chapter. Over a year has passed since Forrest bought The County Line. He bought it in February (Chapter 19), four months passed when the girls broke in, he caught them in July (Chapter 20), they stayed with Lucy until January when they were adopted, and the last chapter took place at the end of April. I hope that cleared things up. For our friends here in the south, I hope everyone has stayed safe with this nasty weather! My prayers are with you all. I got a great response to all the fluff in the last update so I thought I'd feed that a little bit more. I hope you enjoy this fluff-fest just as much! Chapter Twenty-One Waiting in the cold, barren hallway of the hospital, Forrest stared at his hands. They were drenched in blood. His friend's blood. A strange feeling brewed within him. This was the first time Forrest looked at the blood on his hands and felt that it should not be there. This blood had not deserved to be spilt. There was no lesson to be taught, nothing to be gained. And yet there it was, bright and slick, caking pads of his fingers and the rough calluses of his palms. Beside him, his older brother's eyes were closed and he was taking low, semi-steady breaths. His hands, like Forrest's, were stained crimson and twitched, as if having a spasm. A nurse appeared. She seemed faintly familiar and Forrest wondered if she'd looked after him when he'd stayed in this very hospital after Clyde Eller shattered his legs. The nurse smiled politely at them. \"Your friend's doing better if you'd like to go see him.\" Howard's eyes cracked open. He glanced at Forrest, then stood, following the nurse to a tiny box of a room at the end of the corridor. Danny groaned from the hospital bed. His face was still green but flushed a brilliant red when Howard appeared. \"I can't believe I threw up,\" Danny whined. \"You won't tell anybody will you?\" Howard's fingers flexed at his sides. \"No. I ain't gone tell.\" Danny's shoulders sagged in relief; he sank further into the white sheets. \"Any word on Tommy?\" \"Forrest's waiting to hear now. Doc thinks they can get the bullet out, said it didn't hit anything important but…Tom lost a lot of blood. They're trying to pump some back into him now.\" The room fell quiet, then Danny cleared his throat, furiously blinking away the rising moisture in his eyes. \"It was my fault, Howard. This run was my call. I knew we sh-\" \"Aw, shut up, Danny,\" bit Howard. \"Tom might be dying and you wanna have a pity party?\" Danny's beautiful white teeth flashed as his lips curled back. \"Fuck off, Howard.\" He knew Danny was only being defensive out of some sense of misplaced blame. Tom getting shot was no one's fault but the bastard that pulled the trigger. That being said, Howard was a man easily riled up by those closest to him. On top of that, he was already worrying about Tommy. So, Howard did what came natural – he lunged across the bed and tackled his best friend to the floor. Forrest glanced up as several nurses ran passed him, dashing down the hall. He watched them disappear into the same room, one after another, and heard a gaggle of broken shouts. He wondered if someone was dying. A failed heart. A collapsed lung. A seizing old man. Suddenly, the door to Tom's room opened and the doctor emerged. Dr. Cobbs sighed, tilting his head in acknowledgement. \"Mr. Bondurant.\" Forrest grunted a greeting, moving to stand as the doctor relayed Tom's condition. \"He's stable for now. We managed to retrieve the bullet and replaced most of the blood he lost. We'll need to keep him for observation for a few days, monitor his vitals, keep the wound clean, watch for infection. Mr. Cundiff won't be able to move for a couple of days, anyhow, or he'll reopen the stitches.\" When the Doc finished, Forrest shook his hand and thanked him. Before the doctor could turn away, Forrest asked if he could us the hospital's phone. The one at the nurses' desk. Ellie May took three rings to answer and she sounded a tad out of breath when she did. He imagined her on her knees scrubbing away the trail of Tom's blood on the floor of The County Line. He could so clearly see her there, hands viciously dragging a wet rag back and forth over the stains, blood building up beneath her fingernails. He saw her flinch when the phone rang, saw her jumping up and racing into his office to catch the ringing telephone. She called softly through the phone. \"Forrest?\" \"They think Tommy's gonna be alright.\" \"Oh, thank God,\" she sighed. \"And you, are you alright?\" He was quiet for a moment. \"I'll be by to get you soon.\" \"Who's going to stay with Tom?\" Forrest ran his hand over his face. He shifted the phone in his grasp. \"Nobody, I reckon.\" \"Don't you dare leave him up there by himself, Forrest Bondurant. Somebody ought to stay with him. What if something happens?\" \"Ellie, I ain't a doctor. What am I gonna do?\" The line was silent and Forrest sighed, conceding. \"Maybe I can get Howard to stay.\" \"Thank you.\" \"I'll be back soon…\" Forrest went to hang the phone on the receiver but hesitated. \"Ellie? I love you.\" \"I know. I love you, too.\" As he suspected, the floor, as well as the table where they'd laid Tom, were clean when he returned to The County Line. The only evidence that remained was the dark glaze where the pools of blood had been. The wood now held a shiny darkness, like someone had spilled tea. Ellie May was sitting in his office, knees drawn up in the chair, feet tucked beneath her. He didn't think she'd heard him enter, but as he approached, she glanced up and said flatly, \"You know you can't do runs anymore.\" Forrest withheld a wince. He'd expected as much. Kneeling before her, he rested one hand on her knee to steady himself, softly dragging his fingers across her skirt. \"Yeah, I figured as much.\" \"I don't know what we'll do but we can't take that kind of risk. It's just money. It's not worth your life-\" Her voice broke, her speech faltering. The muscles in her jaw clenched and her lips pulled into a tight line as she tried to swallow her rising emotions. Forrest's stomach churned at the sight of her pain. He leaned forward to stroke her cheek tentatively like he was approaching a skittish animal, \"Ellie, I'm gonna be fine.\" \"I know you will but, damn, Forrest. That was an awful lot of blood. What if that had been you? Who's going to take you to the hospital?\" \"You know how to drive, don't you?\" he teased, wanting desperately to lighten her mood. He, of course, had no intention of ever allowing her to take care of him like that; or any other woman for that matter. Ellie May smacked his hand. \"That's not funny.\" He continued to caress her knee. \"I'm sorry.\" Sliding forward, Ellie May slipped her arms around him and drew his head to her chest. Ellie May pressed her cheek to his hair. He was so warm. She held him tightly, letting the heat from his body soak into her. She wanted to absorb his being, to take him into her and keep him safe from the world. Ellie May squeezed his shoulders and then sighed, \"Can we go home now?\" \"Why the fuck does he look so happy?\" Three weeks after the disastrous run to Knoxville, Tom Cundiff was healing just fine. Unfortunately, he had developed a bit of cabin fever and demanded daily visits to keep from the overwhelming urge to kill himself every time he tried to leave the bed only to have a very stern nurse slap him back down. Twice already he'd threatened bodily harm to the hospital staff. \"You don't know?\" asked Danny, glancing over at Howard. The giant man was propped against the wall, burly arms folded over his thick chest. There was a slight smugness about him and Danny rolled his eyes. \"Well, since you went and got shot, Tommy Boy, Ellie May has forbidden Forrest from making run-\" \"What? That's horseshit! We need Forrest! She doesn't control him,\" growled Tom. \"Clearly you don't know Forrest,\" snorted Howard. \"Calm down before you give yourself a stroke. He ain't gone be doing any runs but Forrest ain't quittin'. He needs the money.\" Tom's brow furrowed, his forehead drawing down, making him look more like an ape than a man. \"I don't get it.\" Danny beamed. \"We're gone make the mule and Forrest is gonna sell it…through The County Line.\" Tom blinked a few times, the crease in his brow eventually smoothing. \"No shit,\" he whispered. Danny gave a stupid grin. \" Shit .\" The door creaked open suddenly and the man in question entered the room, a covered plate in hand. Tom greeted his friend warmly. \"You little son of a bitch. Why didn't you tell me you're gonna push it for us?\" \"Never came up,\" said Forrest simply. Sniffing the air, Howard made a grab for the plate in his hand but Forrest shoved him off. He set the plate on Tom's bedside table. \"Ellie made you some fried steak.\" \"God love that girl.\" Tom lunged for the plate, tearing off the cloth napkin and picking up the steak with his fingers. Gnawing off a piece, he spoke through a mouthful of meat, \"This fucking hospital food's been killing me.\" Howard sniffed once more and nudged Forrest. \"Hey, she make me any?\" Forrest said nothing. He dragged a chair across the room, dropping it at the top of Tommy's bed. Leaning forward, he addressed his friends and brother. \"I stopped by to talk but I can't stay long. Hal's watching the restaurant 'til I get back.\" \"Oh, well, thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to join us,\" scoffed Tom as he chomped into the steak, ripping off another chunk of meat with his teeth. \"Least you got food,\" growled Howard. \"I've been eating mush for three weeks!\" Rolling his eyes, Howard grumbled something under his breath and Danny shot Forrest an amused look. \"They've been like this for days.\" \"I can't handle his bitchin',\" mutter Howard. \"I've been shot!\" wailed Tommy. \"I think that's a pretty damn good excuse to bitch a little.\" \"A little?\" \"Alright, ladies, calm down,\" sniggered Danny. Tom and Howard's bickering instantly silenced as they cut their eyes at their friend, simultaneously spitting, \"Fuck you, Mitchell.\" Rather than get riled up by their taunt, Danny merely flashed another dazzling grin and asked, \"What'd you stop by to talk about, Forrest?\" \"This business about pushing the white lightning through my restaurant,\" he rumbled. Forrest's face leveled, growing very calm suddenly, and he looked vaguely like someone important. Maybe a prominent banker, real high class and all. Forrest righted his sweater and said plainly, \"We gone have to establish some rules.\" By the time Forrest left the hospital it was clear their operation on Turkey Cock Mountain was no longer a partnership. Forrest was runnin' things now. There was not a lot of upset in regards to this major shift in power. Tom didn't care who was in charge of what so long as he got paid. Virtually nothing changed for Danny – he would still be the main one mixing the mash and making the mule. And Howard, well Howard was finally getting exactly what he wanted. So when Forrest climbed into his pine green Ford and began trucking back along the dusty Virginia roads, he felt pretty at ease with the world. He wove through the winding trees and over Maggodee Creek bridge, back toward Blackwater. He stopped at the lumber yard where he used to work and purchased a load of wood from Gen, his former manager. Gen tried to make small talk for a minute, told Forrest he'd heard about The County Line, congratulating him and such. Forrest did the polite thing and nodded, grunting appropriately, before going about his way. When he made it back to The County Line, he and Everett unloaded the lumber around back a little ways up on a slight hill. \"What's all this?\" asked Ellie May, hands on her hips. She eyed him suspiciously, as if to ask, 'What are you up to now?' Forrest motioned for Everett to return to work and crossed to his companion. \"I, uh…I'm gonna build a separate storage shed.\" \"Why? We have plenty of room inside. Unless you're thinking about expanding and if you are you know we don't have that kind of money right now.\" \"I got somethin' else in mind for it,\" he murmured. Taking a deep breath, Forrest studied the back of his restaurant. Before he bought this place, Forrest had more money than he knew what to do with. Now, it was all he could do to get by. He knew his father had only wanted him to have some sort of honest work, some promise of a future to go on, but now that promised future was running him into the ground with debt. And Forrest didn't like owing anybody. \"We're going to sell shine here.\" He'd said it casually in hopes of relaying a sense of confidence. He didn't have a clue if this was going to work or not. In fact, he was rather certain it was an awful idea, one that would lead to bloodshed and chaos. But Forrest didn't rightly see any other option. Ellie May sucked in her bottom lip, nodding. \"I had a feeling you would.\" Surprised, he glanced over at her. \"Did you now?\" \"I've seen the books, remember? We've gotten into a bad way.\" Ellie May lifted his arm, snuggling into his side. He curled his arm around her. They hugged, a slight breeze wafting over the mountain, ruffling her hair and skirt. She pressed her face into the crook of his neck and muttered, \"No deals inside. Only in the parking lot.\" \"How about around back?\" he suggested. Easier to draw less attention that way. \"Fine,\" she mumbled, her lips brushing the skin above his collar. His hold around her became steel and she squeezed his midsection affectionately. Forrest smiled. It was a brief smile, quick, barely lifting the edges of his mouth. And though she couldn't see it, Ellie May felt it and gave a little grin herself. Her lips spread against his skin causing the back of his throat to tighten with pleasure. An unexpected idea came to him. He slowly untangled himself from her to take her hands in his own. Rubbing his thumbs in circles on the flat of her palms, he asked, \"You busy right now?\" Ellie May rose a brow. \"Well, I'm workin'…\" Forrest licked his lips. \"I'm bettin' that your boss won't mind if you take the rest of the afternoon off.\" \"Are you sure?\" She fought a grin. \"I hate to leave Hal to run the place all by himself.\" \"He's got Everett and Jefferson. C'mon. He'll be fine.\" Before she could protest, Forrest squatted, gripping her waist and lifting her on his shoulder. She was so light! He might as well been carryin' Emmy. As she slapped his back, demanding he put her down, Forrest smacked the thick of her thigh playfully. \"We gotta get you eatin' more.\" \"I eat just fine, thank you,\" Ellie May huffed. \"Not everyone eats as much as a horse like you and Howard.\" Chuckling, Forrest finally placed her on her feet. He popped open the truck door. Ellie May pursed her lips as she slid onto the seat. \"Where are we going?\" With a wink, Forrest shut the door. \"You'll see.\" Her eyes were closed as she floated on the surface of the water wearing nothing but her slip and underwear. Forrest had never seen her look so beautiful. Not at the many bonfires and town gatherings, firelight dancing on her face. Not at their home, his younger siblings lovingly tugging at the folds of her dress. Not on those nights along driving back from Cricket's home on Smith Mountain, the wind in her hair, a secret grin on her face. No, Ellie May had never looked as beautiful as she did right then. And she was all his. He'd brought her to Maggodee Creek where they'd spent countless summer days with the family. Parking in a thicket of honeysuckle behind the bridge, it had taken half an hour to convince her to strip down and join him in the cool water. \"Someone could see us.\" \"Ain't nobody gone see. Baby, c'mon.\" She'd waded cautiously into the water, gaze darting this way and that. He'd tried telling her no one was looking – 'cept maybe a stray squirrel or rabbit. Ellie May had simply responded by splashing him in the face. \"Just what're you staying at, Mr. Bondurant?\" purred Ellie May, jarring him from his thoughts, her eyes remaining peacefully shut. His mouth abruptly ran dry as Forrest struggled to put into words the glory before him. Her white slip clung to her body in the water; the sheer fabric was nearly see through, outlining her breasts, hips, stomach. And as she floated on the creek's surface, her dark hair fanned out around her, the sun making her pale skin glow. Ellie May called his name when didn't reply. \"Hmm?\" She smirked. \"You've been staring.\" \"I have.\" Her head lifted out of the water, eyes popping open. \"That didn't sound like a question.\" Forrest reached for her in the water. \"It wasn't.\" He kissed her softly, fingers threading in her wet hair. Their bodies were pressed together, her thin slip the only blockade between their bare chests. Ellie May shivered at the intimate contact. She curled her legs around his waist to try and steady her nerves. The moment she did so, Forrest stilled beneath her. Immediately, Ellie May drew back, apologizing, \"I'm sorry. Was it too muc-\" \"No.\" He swiftly caught her legs as she tried to swim away. He yanked her back, their hips colliding roughly. His large, rough, wet hands cradled her cheeks. \"No. It's not you. You're perfect.\" \"Then wh-\" That was when she felt him pressing into her stomach. Ellie May gasped. \"Is that…?\" Forrest took a deep breath. He nodded. A gentle giggle emitted from the girl in his arms and Forrest's brow creased. Before he could become deeply offended, Ellie May kissed his nose. \"It's about time.\" Forrest grunted, the knots in his stomach unwinding. \"Well…I, um…\" \"I'm teasing, Forrest.\" Ellie May studied him silently. She reached out, dragging the pad of her finger over his mouth. She traced the outline of his plump lips, paying extra attention to the natural pout on his bottom lip. His breath was hot, a nice contradiction to the cool water surrounding them. Biting her lip, Ellie May moved her finger over his lips and down his jaw. The slight growth of stubble tickled her. This is what it feels like to really love someone, shethought , and to be loved in return. Ellie May could feel the tears beginning to form. She blinked, trying to will them back, but all at once they were impossible to stop. She gave herself over to him then, allowing him to kiss her mouth, her cheeks, her neck. She leaned back in his arms, her shoulders skimming the water, her hair floating around them. They kissed for a long time in the water, their bodies bobbing in the place in the middle of the creek. Neither spoke again until the sun began to sink on the horizon. As the sky became a mesmerizing haze of pinks, purples, oranges, and blues, Ellie May sighed against Forrest's mouth. \"I can't feel my toes.\" He laughed, their bodies shaking with the deep chuckles. Pulling his hand from her hair, Forrest lifted her hand up to examine the pruned fingers. He kissed the pads of her fingers, gently sucking them into his mouth. A slow liquid heat stirred within Ellie May, her eyes drifting shut. She hugged him fiercely, pressing her mouth to his ear. \"You have to stop that…stop that right now, Forrest, or we might never leave this creek. I promised your daddy I'd fry that chicken tonight.\" Forrest murmured a few half-hearted gripes but eventually conceded, leading her over to the creek bed. He drew her out of the water, wrapping his shirt around her thin frame when they reached the truck. He trapped her between the door and his body, capturing her mouth once more. \"Ellie, if I asked you to marry me right now, would you?\" \"Absolutely,\" she told him honestly. \"But you better not. Not yet.\" \"Why not?\" Forrest couldn't think of one good reason why he should wait. He loved her and wanted to make her his in every sense of the word. He wanted to put a ring on her finger and show the world that she had agreed to be his wife, to love him until her dying day. \"Because,\" Ellie May began as she slipped on her skirt, water dripping down her legs. \"…if we get married we'll have to move out and I can't do that yet. Jack and Emmy still need a momma and I'd like to help Papa out as much as possible. At least until Jack is old enough to take over for you in the fields completely. What do you say we make a deal?\" Forrest quirked an eyebrow, amused. \"I'm listening.\" \"You know I'll say yes anytime you ask me to marry you, whether it's right now or in a month or a year or a decade. I will never say no to you. But I won't marry you until Emmy's at least fourteen. Maybe fifteen.\" \"Three years,\" he whispered, his lips breaking into a grin so wide that it almost hurt. \"In three years you'll be mine.\" \"Oh, baby,\" she cupped his chin. \"I've always been yours. In three years we'll just have some rings and a piece of paper to prove it.\" Thoughts?[Chapter 23] I always forget to do this. Sorry. Disclaimer: I only own Ellie May. …kinda. She mostly owns herself. This chapter is dedicated to the very dear and loyal Dawnie-7 and my new friend 26RH, thank you for all your wonderful advice! But this chapter isn't just dedicated to them. It's also for: Not. So. Typical. Girl., Dotty Vintage, Slytherin Studios, every Guest reviewer, Jolie Smith, Pc86, JazzyJane, Priscilla2, IsYourH3artTaken, vilevillian, dcsays, Laura Page Turner, Wolflihood, nicci1980, annechou59, KaicherAlfstan, JohnnyStormsGirl, Kayl1104, Dasiygirl95, greg, Morgan, ConsistentlyRandom21, aeskubal, and mzmayne6. Please keep doing what you're doing! Your support and feedback is lovely and wonderful and fantastic and all that other good stuff. Thanks for always letting me know what you guys like and where you want to see the story go. Enjoy. Chapter Twenty-Two Ellie May was all but salivating. Her mouth hung open as she took several long, airy breaths. Her pupils were dilated with lust and she was afraid to blink, worried that the wonderful visage before her would disappear. She stood in the storage room of The County Line watching through the back window as Forrest and Howard hammered away at what was soon to be the shed that would house their liquor. Forrest's back was to her, his shirt discarded, suspenders hanging loose around his hips. There was a clear sheen of sweat caking the tanned muscles of his shoulders and back. And what a fine back it was. Biting her lip, Ellie May nearly jumped when Abigail, the day waitress, popped up at her side. She peered out the window, the crow's feet around her eyes crinkling as she squinted at the sun. \"To be young again…\" \"Abbey, you're not old.\" Abigail shot her an incredulous but grateful glance. \"I've got three children, baby, I'm old.\" Tonight was the first night they were going to try making a sale at the restaurant. Danny and Howard had it all set up, a whole string of folks already waitin'. It was also the debut of their new mash – apple brandy. The boys had been tripping over themselves in excitement for the last month, testing out new methods of making corn whiskey, trying out new flavors. They had produced several promising batches. But none of 'em had shit on the apple brandy, according to Danny. To them, this whole affair was like Christmas and they were Santa's elves. \"I wonder if that makes Forrest Santa,\" murmured Ellie May aloud. With one final, longing glance, she forced herself to turn from the window and fetched the men glasses of iced tea. She brought it to them on a tray, desperately praying no one noticed the way she miserably failed at not staring at Forrest. \"Y'all about done?\" It was early. They'd gotten to work before the sun rose, hoping to beat the summer heat. Now, as they were putting the finishing touches on the shed and bringing down the corn whiskey from the mountain, the sun was fully alert and shining down on them, its golden rays bathing the countryside in warmth. It was going to be a beautiful day. The rays of light streaming through the clouds, Ellie May hoped the kind weather was a good omen. \"Yeah, we're about done,\" sighed Howard as he gulped down his glass of tea in a single go. Dragging the back of his hand across his mouth, he passed the empty cup back to her, muttered some thanks, and turned back to his hammer. \"We have to put the door on and fit the lock but then we'll be finished,\" explained Forrest. He took a bit longer with his tea, lingering at her side. \"Danny and Tommy should be here soon with the liquor. We'll get it unloaded and see how all this plays out.\" \"Are you nervous?\" asked Ellie May. She was. It was dangerous business what they were doing. But she had faith in her boys. She knew they wouldn't let it get out of hand. Forrest, sensing her train of thought, shook his head softly. He half-grinned, \"Naw, I ain't worried. Everything's gone be fine. Why don't you tell Hal to go on and start the grill? Let the breakfast crowd on in.\" \"Alright,\" she conceded as Forrest placed a quick kiss on her cheek. He tossed her a wink as he returned to his labors and Ellie May couldn't help but smile, retreating inside. The breakfast crowd consisted of a single man – Alton Abrams. An older gentleman who owned a farm a stone's throw from the restaurant, he arrived every morning at exactly seven-thirty and ate the same breakfast every day. Scrambled eggs, a side of grits, two pieces of toast. Extra pepper on the eggs. And a coffee, black. Ellie May didn't know much about him as she usually didn't get to the restaurant until well after three or four in the afternoon, but as she studied him from behind the bar, she reckoned he was a nice enough man alright. He ate slowly, methodically, politely, unlike some she knew. She subconsciously glanced towards the rear of the restaurant where she knew Howard busy hammering away. He was such an animal sometimes. Not five minutes after Alton Abrams cleaned his plate and left, Danny Mitchell, Tom Cundiff, and Gummy Coleman burst through the front door of the restaurant. They wore matching fat grins. Danny tipped his hat at her, \"Mornin' there, Ellie May. How you doin' today?\" Danny's cheerfulness was contagious and Ellie May fought a fat grin herself. \"I'm doin' alright. How 'bout yourself?\" His pearly white teeth shone as he replied, \"I am doin' wonderful. S'gone be a good day. A damn good day.\" \"Gummy go tell Forrest we're here,\" order Tom, shoving his less than intelligent friend towards the back door. Ellie May shook her head, \"Y'all are so mean to him. It's a wonder he helps y'all at all.\" \"It don't count as help if you're gettin' paid. That's called work,\" corrected Tom. Gummy darted back inside a moment later, muttering that Forrest said to pull their trucks around back. They unloaded the shine quickly and when they were through, the five men stood back and just sort of stared. They knew it was going to make history, what they were doing. Knew this thing was either gonna be the best decision of their lives or the worst. There was a lot of money to be made, but also a lot of trouble that could be had if they didn't play their cards right. Finally, Forrest uncrossed his arms and nodded, \"Yeah, alright. Spread the word. We're open for business.\" The County Line was a madhouse. The hour was just after midnight and never before had the floor of the restaurant been so packed with bodies. On every flat surface and in every hand was an open jar of corn whiskey, disguised by a crumpled paper bag or swathed in dishrags. A dull haze of smoke hung low around the tables, a thin curtain of tobacco wisps. Abigail and Ellie May were dancing between the tables, fetching refills and collecting tabs. There was a constant hum of chatter, broken by the occasional shout of victory from the card game in the back, or Hal calling out a new order of fried steak in the kitchen. Abigail stuffed a folded wad of bills into the apron tied around her waist as she slipped back behind the counter to ring up a customer at the register. She tossed a passing grin at Ellie May. \"Don't nobody tip like a happy, drunk, old fool.\" Sniggering, Ellie May gathered up a load of dirty dishes and took them into the kitchen. Dropping them into the soapy depths of the sink, she apologized to Jefferson. Already his fingers were pruned from all the dish washing. But Jefferson just nodded and lipped his cigarette, rolling his sleeves further up his arms. \"Keep 'em comin'.\" Ellie May dipped into Forrest's office and closed the door. Kneeling, she withdrew the hidden cash box from under the old wood stove in the corner. She'd just emptied the register for the third time that night and so far they'd collected over six hundred dollars. This, of course, included the seemingly endless string of convoys in the back lot. Dozens of cars and trucks lined the parking lot, folks just itchin' to grab a jar of liquor. According to Danny, if things continued at this rate, they'd run out of mule before two o'clock. As she locked the cash box and slid it back under the furnace, she heard a distinguished shout of anger from the front. She paused with one arm hovering beneath the belly of the stove and listened. There came a pop of shattering glass; someone had thrown a jar at a wall. A clatter of wood and the heavy sound of struggling bodies. A man yelped in pain. \"Shit,\" Ellie May hissed, jumping up and darting into the kitchen. Jefferson took his hands out of the soapy water and began to dry them on a rag, \"Miss Ellie May, you might wanna go get Mr. Forrest.\" Nodding, Ellie May skirted through the kitchen, narrowly missing a tower of stacked crates. She burst out the back door and crossed the lot to where Forrest, Howard, Tom, Danny, and Gummy stood, gathered around the small fire pit, toasting their success. \"Forrest!\" she screamed. \"You better get in here!\" Inside, the previous madness of the restaurant had turned into pure chaos. Hal stood at the end of the counter, holding the wooden club they kept under the bar in his hand, his shoulders tense. His hair hung in limp hanks by his ear and he was breathing heavily. At the opposite end of the bar, Everett stood with the shotgun poised in his grasp. The barrel of the gun was pointed at the chest of a very massive man that stood in the center of the restaurant's floor between two over turned tables. Nearly a dozen bodies lay limp at this man's feet and Jefferson was knelt by a one of the unconscious men, checking for any sign of life. \"Hey there, Duey Ray,\" called Forrest, he and his partners pouring in through the back exit. \"What's goin' on? The man's gaze snapped up, alert and alive with a pure rage. \"Where the fuck is Wendell?\" \"He ain't here,\" answered Tom. The man, Duey Ray, bellowed with rage. \"Don't fuckin' lie to me. I know that mother fucker's here somewhere.\" \"If he's here,\" began Forrest, lowly. \"I haven't seen him. Why don't we go outside an-\" \"Listen here, Bondurant, I ain't goin' nowhere 'til I get that sorry son of a bitch. You stay the fuck outta my way and let me take care of my business. Then, I'll be gone.\" Forrest swallowed thoughtfully, surveying the damage done. \"Yeah, um, I hear what you're saying, Duey Ray, but I can't do that. You done fucked up 'bout ten other men and, uh, you can't be doin' that.\" Duey Ray cracked his knuckles. His nostrils flared and he ground his teeth, spitting, \"You got three seconds to do somethin', Forrest, before I level this fuckin' shit hole.\" \"Huh,\" grunted Forrest. Three seconds. He glanced around, swiftly undoing the watch on his wrist. Duey Ray Hogan was a colossal man. Like Howard, he was strapped thickly across the chest and stood well over six feet tall. Now, Forrest was a weakling by no means but if he was going to do this, he was going to have to go about things a certain way. One second. \"Ellie May,\" he murmured, extending his watch. \"Hold this, will you?\" Her trembling fingers took the watch from his hand, tucking it against her chest. The second she did so, Forrest lunged forward to yank Duey Ray's pants down to his ankles. The giant man lurched in surprise but was only momentarily rendered still. He automatically clobbered Forrest with his right hand, one solid swipe across Forrest's cheek. Forrest reeled for a moment, stepped back and touching his already numbing face. When he did this, Duey Ray stumbled forward after him, but was caught by his pants. As he fell forward, Forrest caught him 'round the waist, tackling him to the floor. Forrest straddled his stomach, throwing alternating haymakers in Duey Ray's face. He punched until Duey Ray's nose poured crimson and his legs quit kicking underneath him. Then, he punched once or twice more for good measure. For a moment, his shoulders slumped and his head hung, his body physically spent, before he finally rose to his feet. \"Let's get him outside.\" Forrest and Howard dragged the man out by his ankles and threw him into the ditch beside the road and when he hit the ground, the earth packed hard with Virginia clay, he moaned and clutched at his bloody head. Howard's fingers curled into a fist at his side, preparing to strike. But then Duey Ray's form fell limp and quiet. He passed out in the dirt. \"Leave it to this sorry piece of shit to ruin our good time,\" mutter Howard. He spat on Duey Ray's unconscious body. \"What's he want with Wendell, anyhow?\" \"I dunno know. Prolly has something to do with the fact that Wendell slept with his wife.\" Tom, Danny, and Gummy helped drag the other men outside while the restaurant staff went about straightening the place up. A few folks left, but most lingered in the corners while the atmosphere slowly loosened back up. Forrest drew Ellie May into his office once the madness calmed a bit. He cupped her face, \"You alright? You didn't get hit did you?\" Ellie May shook her head. \"Are you alright?\" She brought his bloodied knuckles up to examine them in the light. \"Shit, baby.\" She ran her fingers over the swollen joints, little flecks of crusted blood falling off beneath her touch. Sliding his watch back on his wrist, she kissed the backs of his hands and told him to hold still. She fetched a rag, wet it, then returned to clean his wounds. As she tenderly stroked the rag across his jagged flesh, she murmured quietly, \"Not to be encouraging, but that was impressive.\" His brow furrowed. \"What was?\" Ellie May scoffed. He never ceased to amaze her. \"Forrest, that Duey Ray, or whoever he was, he's a man and a half. He's huge! Like fighting a bear! And you just took him out. Like that-\" She snapped her fingers, head shaking in disbelief. \"I know you can handle yourself but…but, damn. \" A sheepish blush spread across his skin, over the tips of his ears and down the back of his neck. Forrest lamely shrugged. \"It wasn't nothin'.\" She ran her fingertips over the left side of his face. The skin had plumped up, not quite swollen but getting there. Turning a light shade of purple, if they didn't get some ice on that soon, his cheek would be the size of a grapefruit come morning. \"You need to put ice on that,\" she murmured, turning toward the cooler. \"Hang on,\" Forrest caught her wrist. Cupping her chin, he caressed his thumb over her smooth, milky skin. He felt ashamed. \"Ellie, I'm sorry you had to see that…sorry that it happened. I can't guarantee things like that won't happen around here now. Maybe you shouldn't come in a night anymo-\" \"I'm a big girl, Forrest,\" she interrupted him with a gentle murmur. Looping her arms around his sore shoulders, she hugged him lightly, his face pressing into her chest. \"You just take care of yourself and I'll be happy.\" \"I don't care if you're happy,\" he mumbled. \"I care if you're safe.\" \"Well, then, I don't care if you're happy either.\" A smile twitched at the edges of his mouth. \"You know that ain't what I meant.\" Drawing back, Forrest kissed her lips, then the tip of her nose and sighed. \"Damn. First night and already folks actin' foolish.\" \"Honey, you're selling illegal liquor to a bunch of half-cracked, backwoods hillbillies. What exactly did you think was gonna happen?\" Once the broken glass was swept up, the chairs and tables righted, the radio turned back on, the restaurant livened back up and the sales commenced once again. About half an hour later, a fresh set of headlights pulled into the front lot and Everett stepped out onto the porch. He pointed 'round the side of the restaurant. \"You wanna pull around back?\" Wendell P. Lanoux clamored from the truck, slamming the door and waggling a finger at Everett. \"I'm not here for no damn liquor! Where's Duey Ray?\" Everett poked his head back inside The County Line. He whistled at Hal, jerking his head toward the parking lot. \"We got some visitors.\" Wendell and two of his buddies staked across the parking lot, kicking up dirt and kneeling down to inspect the faces of the dozen or so unconscious men. Just as one shouted, \"I got Duey Ray!\" The Bondurant brothers appeared at the edge of the lot, Tom and Danny on their heels. \"Now, hold up, Wendell!\" shouted Forrest. \"We didn't let Duey Ray come after you, we can't let you go after him. You understand?\" \"I appreciate what you done, Forrest, but I can't keep runnin' no more. I've been hiding for two weeks! Two weeks, I been looking over my shoulder,\" cried Wendell. The borderline hysterical desperation in his voice was unmistakable. Howard snorted, \"That's what you get for sleeping with a woman whose husband you can't knock out with a frying pan.\" Wendell licked his lips and shook his head pitifully. \"Couldn't help myself. Eugenia and me, we're in love. She don't wanna be with him anymore. But he just won't take no for an answer.\" With that, Wendell directed his buddies to haul Duey Ray to his truck; they'd take him up west to Thorton Mountain and kill him there. Away from all these witnesses. \"You seem to misunderstand me,\" said Forrest. \"You ain't gone touch him. Not like this.\" The tension in the lot was palpable. Faces pressed to the windows of The County Line, the patrons quickly sobering with curiosity and the prospect of another brawl. Forrest motioned Duey Ray's unconscious form. \"You wanna take him, you got to at least give him a fighting chance.\" \"A fighting chance? Me fighting him is like a mosquito fighting a mountain lion!\" \"Then be like a mosquito and fly away while you still can,\" advised Tom Cundiff. Wendell's face grumbled. \"I can't run no more.\" \"Then stay and fight,\" said Forrest softly. He, like Wendell, knew that there was no competition. Duey Ray would clobber Wendell. But his conscience couldn't stomach letting Wendell cart Duey Ray off to kill him, knowing he had been the one to render Duey Ray defenseless. \"Yeah, alright. Let's wake him up.\" Howard helped his little brother lug Duey Ray to the water pump. They cranked up the gasket, water spewing out the spicket immediately. When Duey Ray jolted awake under the gush of water, he came up swinging. Howard and Forrest dropped him, stepping away and allowing him to gather his senses. \"The fuck?\" he spat. Forrest stuffed his hands in his pants' pockets. \"Wendell's here,\" he said. And then everything kinda went downhill from there. There you have it, folks, action - which seems very popular with you guys. The blood and guts crowd, huh? There should be more action in the next chapter, maybe a bit of family stuff. I don't know, yet. Still playing around with it, so we'll see. Just an end note – someone asked why it takes so long between chapters. I'm a full time college student taking 17 credit hours. I also have a full time job. Now, for me writing isn't a just hobby, it's what I want to do. But usually during the week, updating my fanfiction stories just isn't as high a priority as work or school. So I'm sorry if it takes longer than you'd like. But, hey, it's called building suspense! So no worries. Until next time, have a happy weekend![Chapter 24] Hey there! Can you believe it? Another chapter already! I'm so proud of myself. Holy cow. Just a brief warning – there's a bit of racial tension in this one. It's very limited and nothing graphic or anything. Just a comment that's made. Heavy racial discrimination was a sad fact of this time and especially in the rural south. I promise, it's not meant to offend and I hope it doesn't. That being said, like I promised, this one kinda has some action but based on feedback you guys wanted to see more family stuff so I decided to do a family scene where we get to see more soft Forrest. Because who doesn't love cuddly Forrest? As always, my friends, I hope you enjoy. Chapter Twenty-Three The County Line Restaurant stood astride the line separating Franklin and Henry counties, just down off the western spur of Thorton Mountain. Frank Vaught was told it was a simple, country place with a wooden counter and stools in front of a grill, a few tables, and curtainless windows looking out onto a dirt lot. Most people in that part of the state knew it was a place where a man could sit and get a sandwich, a piece of ham or steak, corn bread, and a drink or two of decent mountain liquor. Supposedly, on a regular night for half a dollar the counterman would set you up with a quart of corn whiskey or brandy, good stuff. Not the heavily sugared rotgut they imported from Canada. Vaught heard it was the sort of establishment where a man could sit close to the box stove and listen to the radio for the whole afternoon as long as he didn't make any trouble. And, apparently, in the evenings men would play a few hands of cards at the tables and the owner, some hillbilly bumpkin by the name of Bondurant, held regular weekly games that ran late into the night, well after the restaurant closed. But Vaught knew the real business at the County Line was late at night or early morning when small convoys of cars and trucks crowded the lot, men swinging crates full of mason jars. Some would head south, others east to Richmond or west to Tennessee. Mostly, they were country fellas with their muddy boots and sunburnt faces. But there were others, like Vaught, who wore long coats and crisp hats, speaking in clipped phrases, picking up the booze and headed for points north, like Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia. The trees blurred as Vaught's car hummed along the dirt road toward the quaint restaurant in question, the spindly pines and chestnuts all green-gold as they sped passed. Vaught's pal Kelley was hunched over the steering wheel. He expertly led them over the little hills and around the sudden curves, a line of cars bumping along behind them. Kelley barked that they were approaching the restaurant and no sooner were the woods out of his mustached mouth did the trees part to reveal the modest building. It was not a high example of fine carpentry – the structure was plain, boxy, and finished roughly. The roof angled steeply over an upper story that jutted out in the front, providing a cover for the porch. Unlike most rural businesses, the porch held no chairs, no advertisements for anything. There wasn't even a name on the building, only an open sign propped in the front left window. Vaught craned forward, peering out the windshield. \"You sure this is the place?\" \"Positive.\" Four cars were parked in the front lot. A group of standing men lingered on the bare porch. They turned to watch as Vaught's caravan veered off the country road and into the lot. The haggard, country men stared at the newcomers with an insolent expression Vaught knew all too well. One that plainly said, Mind your own fucking business. Skeptical, Vaught idled in the car a moment, Kelley's hand perched on the door handle. It wasn't until he saw the storage shed that Vaught knew they were indeed at the rumored County Line restaurant. The small shed sat slightly up the little hill that rose behind the restaurant. Unlike the main establishment, the secondary building had been well-made using chinked chestnut logs that would last forever, cross-tied and sealed with red-mud paste. A low riding Ford was parked just beside the open door. Then, a tall, broad shouldered man in his shirtsleeves and hat emerged from the building with a wooden crate in his arms. It seemed like his eyes locked directly onto Vaught's face. \"Yeah, okay. This is it. Get the fellas.\" The group of men on the porch said nothing as they passed, their faces wrinkled and withered with age, their teeth cracked and yellowed and browned, their knobby fingers curled at their sides, their coveralls stained with dirt and grease. The front room of the restaurant, the floor they called it, smelled like tobacco, burning wood stove, whiskey, oil lamps, soiled clothes, and boot leather. Drink and meal prices were posted on a chalk board above the counter. Vaught's nose wrinkled in distaste. He noticed that a few in his party had the same reaction; they were creatures of the city and its fancy hotel lobbies, oyster bars, back alleys, and lurking, gas-lit shadows. Here, they were entirely out of their element, slumming it in some one-horse hicktown. And for what? A couple'a gallons of liquor? Vaught's lips curled over his teeth. Damn Prohibition. The government really screwed the pooch on this one. Sorry sack o'shits didn't think it through, not one bit. \"Can I help you with somethin'?\" Vaught turned to see a slant man with a round head and red cheeks bent over the counter wiping the bar's surface in circular strokes. Vaught sauntered forward, peeling down the brim of his hat. He resisted the urge to smooth down his mustache and called back, \"I'm looking for a man named Bondurant.\" Unbeknownst to Vaught and his crew, just sixty feet away, out on the back steps of the restaurant, Danny Mitchell thought he was having a heart attack. Having never experienced one before, Danny couldn't be sure but he'd heard men talk about having a heart attack and reckoned it felt something like this. His chest was seizing with a joyful pain. A good pain. A slow burning pain like picking off a scab or yanking out a splinter. He lipped the clear jar once more, the apple brandy pouring down his throat with a glorious sting. \"That shit right there's gone make us famous,\" he belched once he swallowed, sliding the jar across the step to Howard. Howard caught the brandy easily. He took a sniff. Nostrils burning, he gave a grin; now that was quality. \"Yeah, maybe.\" \"You know,\" hollered Tom Cundiff as he lugged another crate from the shed. \"Y'all could help instead of sittin' around on your asses.\" \"Boy, we been here for two hours,\" retorted Danny. \"Just cause you don't know how to get outta bed before noon…\" Tom gave a wild, implying grin. \"It was a late night.\" \"Oh?\" murmured Howard, good-naturedly. \"What was his name?\" \"Ha, ha. That's some funny shit, Bondurant,\" spat Tom sarcastically. They'd been lugging empty crates from the shed to Forrest's truck for the better part of the morning. A fresh batch of liquor was ready on the mountain, Gummy left to guard the product. But they had to get the crates and jars to the still to bottle up the mule before they could sell. Forrest lumbered out of the shed behind Tom, muttering for him to move, and slung another three crates onto the bed of his truck. He dusted his hands off on his dunagrees and fished his keys out of his pocket. Tossing them to Howard, he parted his mouth to tell his older brother to go on without him; Ellie May was on her way to pick him up. They had to make a run to the feed store in town for Papa. But before Forrest could speak, there came a sudden commotion from the front of the restaurant. \"Aw, hell, what now?\" rumbled Howard. Seven slick lookin' men were crowded around the bar inside. One, a stout man with blonde hair and thin mustache, had Hal by the shirt collar, his arm reaching over the counter. Jefferson was at Hal's side, wooden club in hand, reared back like a baseball player gearing up for a homerun swing. \"What the fuck are you planning on doing with that, huh?\" one of the strangers sneered, spitting at Jefferson's feet. The dishwasher didn't flinch, or so much as blink an eye. He merely flexed his grip on the club and inched back a little further for greater leverage. \"You don't let him go, you gone find out.\" \"That's enough, now,\" declared Forrest as he and his friends made themselves known. The blonde city slicker with his hands around Hal's throat smiled, thin and malicious. He released Hal and gestured Forrest with both hands, \"You that Bondurant fella?\" Forrest said nothing. The stranger's smile only grew and he took of his hat in a grand matter, swiping it around like he was directing a band. \"Hey there. The name's Vaught. I'm, uh, a big fan, you could say.\" \"Oh, yeah?\" Forrest grunted. \"Fan of what?\" One of the other men, a slim man with a fat tie and heavily oiled hair, chuckled, \"Whatta ya think?\" Howard's eyes narrowed. He hated folks from the city. This muted but passionate hatred for men in ill-fitted suits and fancy shoes had been infinitely worse before the war. A couple of city swells joined in his squadron while he'd been in France. At first they'd bitched about the weather and the sleeping conditions, the food, the lack of women. But as the war dragged on, they humbled and fell in line with the rest of the guys. Then, they weren't so bad. Those few men were exceptions, however, not the rule. And as a general rule, Howard still hated men from the city. He stepped forward to his brother's side. \"You wanna clarify just what you mean?\" They had seen this before; once in a while someone came by the restaurant and tried to set up some kind of racket, usually some men from Roanoke or Richmond in suits and long coats and sometimes there was trouble but after a few incidents they stopped coming. Forrest's fingers itched toward the brass knuckles in his pocket. Looked like it was time for another incident. Vaught shuffled back and stuffed his hands in his pockets. \"Hey, whoa, calm down. We're just trying to make friends here. Everybody needs friends, don't they? You know, a little you scratch my back…I'll scratch your's-\" \"Fella, I don't think anyone here wants you touchin' their back,\" sneered Howard. \"Enough of this shit,\" muttered one of the other men. He stepped forward, clapping a hand on Vaught's shoulder, \"Look, we know you're running liquor. We know you keep it stored up in that shed there and we know you push it through this restaurant. We also know that your liquor is reaching as far as Detroit. And that's not good for us.\" \"Didn't realize we were concerned with what's good for you,\" said Danny over Forrest's shoulder. His brow furrowed. \"Fact, we don't even know your name.\" Vaught shook his head, clutching his hat dramatically to his chest. \"How rude of me.\" He extended a thin, boney hand. \"Like I said, the name's Frank Vaught and this here-\" He nudged the man leaning on his shoulder. \"-is my partner, Francis Keller.\" \"Frank and Francis, ain't that nice,\" rumbled Howard under his breath. The other man, Francis, puffed out his chest like a territorial animal, drawing in a sharp breath between his teeth, \"Listen y-\" \"You ain't from around here,\" Forrest said, swiftly cutting off the stranger and taking a step forward. \"…so you don't know.\" Vaught's grin wavered. His confidence in the fact that they could work this out smoothly seemed to dissipate but there was a firm resolve in his dark gaze. Forrest knew this bunch city slickers weren't going to turn and walk away, leave things be. He also knew that there were seven of them. Now, Forrest wouldn't feel right asking Hal or Jefferson to help 'em out, so that meant he, his brother, and their two companions were outnumber. Nevertheless, it was clear this man needed to be hit. He needed to be hit for openly stating what one didn't talk about in front of the law, total strangers, your family, anyone. Then again, they'd already replaced two chairs that month… There came a low whizzing from the kitchen, the stove shorting out again. The smell of cooking grease wafted through the window behind the counter, Jefferson still poised at the mouth of the kitchen. Forrest glanced at Hal, saw the older man's nervous twitch. He looked at his brother, at Danny and Tommy. Then, he look a real slow breath, \"Yeah, we don't have any damn liquor so unless you buying lunch, why don't you get the hell outta my restaurant?\" The Francis guy hardened his stare. Before he could retort, Vaught slapped his chest, silencing him. Vaught nodded, \"Mhmm…heard you lot were some reasonable fellas. Guess I heard wrong. You don't want to make new friends, hey, no hair off my chest. But you mark my words. Your shit shows up in Detroit again, and it won't be just us you're hearing from.\" \"That a threat?\" growled Tommy. Vaught grinned. \"Consider it a friendly warning.\" \"What's wrong with you?\" Jack asked as Emmy and Ellie May returned from town. His baby sister was a bawling mess. Running inside and straight to her room, Emmy ignored her brother in favor of slamming the beddoor shut behind her. Jack was at the kitchen table, his school books scattered in front of him. He'd been working on some math equations all morning – the tough stuff. Ellie May trailed in after Emmy, two large brown paper sacks in her hand. Jack immediately jumped up, taking one of the bags from her. They took the groceries to the counter. \"Hey, what's she cryin' about?\" prodded Jack impatiently. Ellie May gave a dismissive reply. She waved Jack away, thanking him for helping her, but then shooing him out the door. It was time for him to tend to the animals. Jack backed up toward the door, then paused, \"Yeah, but how come Emmy ain't doing her chores?\" \"Don't you worry about her. Worry about you.\" He persisted, \"Is she sick?\" Bringing his hand to his mouth, Jack began to cough, shaking his shoulders. He spoke in a broken voice. \"You know, I think I might be sick too-\" \"Emmy is fine and so are you right now, but if I have to tell you one more time -\" Before Ellie May could finish, Jack was tucking his tail between his legs and scurrying out the back door. A shadow fell over the doorway a moment later. Forrest eyed the shut bedroom door, Emmy and Ellie May's bedroom door. He asked, \"Everything alright. Jackie said Emmy's upset.\" Rubbing her brow, Ellie May leaned against the kitchen counter. \"When we were in town we ran into Willy Deshazo. He had Sissy and Horace with him so while I got what we needed, Emmy played with Sissy and Horace outside and apparently a few other kids were walking by…Forrest, she said they called her a nigger lover. Next thing I know she's crying her eyes out and wailing like somebody beat her. I can't get her to stop.\" \"I'll go talk to her,\" rumbled Forrest, crossing the kitchen to rap his knuckles softly on the door. There came a faint shout from behind the closed door and Forrest called back softly. He paused, then pushed the door open and disappeared. Ellie May waited for the screaming. Waited for Forrest to stumbled backwards out of the room, abashed. But when nothing occurred for several minutes, Ellie May turned her attention to the groceries. She unloaded the brown paper sacks, stuffing the pantry with lard, sugar, coffee, corn meal, and the like. When she was finished, she set about collecting the dirty laundry. One bundle of hand-washed bed sheets later Forrest had yet to emerge and the shouting had yet to commence. Ellie May's lips pursed. Her mind began concocting various scenarios of how the scene was unfolding behind the door. Maybe, instead of yelling at her older brother to mind his own business, Emmy's sobs had broken her and she'd fallen into an exhausted sleep. And sweet, tender Forrest, so loving and concerned, remained at her side, stroking her hair softly as she slept. Her curiosity burning, Ellie May approached the door. She pressed her ear to the wood, subconsciously holding her breath least the gentle sounds interfere with her hearing. She did this for no more than two seconds before her conscience kicked in and she realized she was being silly and nosey. Stepping away from their bedroom door, she shrieked, giving a little start when she bumped into Papa. The patriarch of the Bondurant family reached out as if to steady her. \"Whoa. Sorry. Didn't mean to scare ya.\" \"Oh, no! You didn't! Well, you did, but I was ju-\" The bedroom door swung open, exposing a smirking Forrest. Ellie May shrunk under his knowing gaze. He knew she'd been listening. Shooting him a petty glance, she peered over his shoulder at Emmy. The little girl, arguably Ellie May's best friend, was perched on the edge of their bed, hands folded in her lap. Her eyes were red and puffy, her cheeks wet, her nose running. She offered Ellie May a small, somewhat embarrassed smile. Brushing passed Forrest, Ellie May took a seat beside Emmy. \"I'm sorry,\" she sniffled. Ellie May rubbed circles on her back. \"You've got nothing to be sorry for.\" \"I shouldn't ha-\" \"Sweetie, you're fine,\" Ellie May assured her. \"Everybody has tough days.\" Emmy hugged her, shoving her sticky face against Ellie May's dress. \"Tomorrow,\" murmured the little girl, her voice muffled by Ellie May's chest. \"Can we take Sissy and Horace to get some ice cream?\" Ellie May's gaze shifted to Forrest, who remained in the doorway. What on God's green earth had he said to his sister? Not an hour ago Emmy was cursing the very existence of the Deshazo family. After all, in Emmy's mind, it was their fault that she got called a nigger lover. And now she wanted to take them into town for a treat? But Forrest simply nodded, giving one of his nearly imperceptible smiles, before slinking down the hall and out the back door. \"That sounds like a wonderful idea,\" conceded Ellie May. \"Jack and Cricket can tag along, too. We can even call your Aunt Lucy and see if she'd like to go.\" Ten minutes later, Emmy got busy doing her chores, the last of her tears behind her, and Ellie May watched, amazed, from the porch swing as the little girl went about collecting eggs in the chicken house as if nothing had happened. Her brow furrowed, her mouth hanging open, she shook her head. \"Amazing.\" Across the fields, Forrest stood, tossing something to his father four rows over. He followed Ellie May's line of sight before catching her gaze. Ellie May smiled at him, that silly, affection smile, and his heart thumped inside his chest. Smiling back, Forrest nodded at her and winked. Next chapter: as requested by the always lovely Dasiygirl95 , Forrest takes Ellie May on a date! And trust me, it's a good one. p.s. Can I just say that I love you all and I'm so thankful you like this story? I'm so glad you guys find it (at least somewhat) believable and that to the majority of readers it doesn't seem rushed. Also, I'm really, really stoked that you like Ellie May. That was one of my foremost concerns with this story. I knew there was going to be a huge Maggie/Forrest ship and I wasn't sure how people would react to an OC. Or if I could make that OC likable enough. So it's very exciting for me to know that you enjoy the pairing. Seriously, I love you guys. Thanks so much for all the love and support. If I could, I'd totally hug you all.[Chapter 25] Guys, this has not been my week. Last Tuesday an old man ran a traffic light and hit my car. The accident wasn't my fault, but I got a $179 ticket for an expired tag that I hadn't noticed. So for two days I was without a vehicle while his insurance company tried to fix my car and because I'm not 25 the rental company wouldn't rent me a car. Not fair. Then, his insurance calls and tells me that the damage to my car was too drastic to repair so I was out of a car. Now, because my car had such high gas mileage and because it was such an older model (it was a 2000 Toyota Camry), they were only willing to give me $2,500. No car. No rental car. $2,500. What? I just spent the last week hunting down cars all over the freaking state. Do you know how hard it is trying to find a decent car for less than three grand? It's not easy! I ended up having to call out of work and missed a week's worth of classes because we literally spent ALL DAY trying to find a car EVERYDAY last week. We being my mother and me, on account of she was having to dry me around since I had no transportation whatsoever. It was so awful, you guys. Then, on top of that, I ended up getting strep throat Thursday. Like I said, not my week. I finally found a car Saturday. It's a 2000 Nissan that's in good condition but I ended up paying an extra $600 out of pocket to get it. So now, instead of trying to catch up on my classes, I decided to reward myself on not murdering someone this past week by writing some lovely Ellie/Forrest fluff. Here it is, the date you've all been waiting for! Enjoy! Chapter Twenty-Four Time was passing quicker than anyone realized. The children were growing, becoming young adults, stretching into awkward, adolescent bodies. Lucy and Howard were still desperately trying to conceive a child while profits continued to pour in from the still on Turkey Cock Mountain, The County Line churning out whiskey by the gallon. The winter of 1926 was the driest winter Franklin County had weathered since before the Civil War. The county and her surrounding areas hadn't seen a single drop of rain in nearly four months and by February of the following year the land had become so dry that nearly every crop died, the soil shriveling up, useless. Lack of moisture in the mountains caused a heat wave so outrageous that all across the county creeks ran dry, lakes virtually disappearing overnight. The air was tense, thick, the sun's constant, unforgiving rays only adding to the unbearable temperatures. A lotta folks tried to hide from the heat indoors, sheltered from the sun's unyielding power. But then, a crowded room packed with bodies wasn't much better, now was it? Ellie May seemed to be the only one that got this notion and one afternoon she slipped out back away from the commotion of her family. She dropped onto the porch swing, yanking up the folds of her dress, pooling the pale blue around her hips and waist. The sweltering heat nearly took her breath away but she didn't think she'd last another minute inside that house. Not with Howard and Cricket arguing about the best way to replace the catalytic somethin' or other on the truck. Not with Emmy singing nonstop in the corner to distract herself from the heat. Not with t- She heard the back door swing wide but didn't bother to open her eyes. She'd finally managed to get comfortable on the swing, her head tilted back, face toward the porch's ceiling, eyes firmly shut. Finally, the blistering heat had become manageable. Besides, she didn't need to look to know that it was Forrest joining her. No one else would've dared. It wasn't that Ellie May had a temper, necessarily. More like she was a real no-nonsense kinda gal who didn't like to be bother, especially if she was already flustered. And well, who knew that better than her family? Beads of sweat began to prickle her skin, rising over the swell of her breasts and trickling down the valley between them. She could feel it seeping through her clothes, feel it pooling in the corners of her eyes and in the crease of her forehead. \"Damn heat,\" she hissed, furiously wiping the sweat off her face. Forrest had sauntered down the back steps and was standing in the yard, leaning against the porch railing. He shot her a weary smile. His face slick with a sheen of sweat much like her own. She pinned him with a grim stare. \"You ever seen a better day to go swimming? Oh, wait, all the creeks have dried up.\" Forrest said nothing but watched her. Amused. Her gaze narrowed. \"This is horseshit. This heat is horse shit . I can't take it, Forrest. I'm gonna melt away!\" \"You ain't gone melt,\" he laughed. \"Oh yeah? Just watch.\" Forrest pushed himself off the railing and lifted his hand to her. \"Think you can hold off on melting for just a little while? I was thinking I'd like to take you to lunch.\" Ellie May groaned. \"Lunch? I don't wanna go to Rocky Mount. It's too hot to move, much less go all the way to town.\" Forrest quirked a brow. \"Now who said anything about going to town?\" That's when she noticed the small basket in his hand. Despite her irritated mood, a smile twitched Ellie May's lips and she rolled her eyes at her hopelessly romantic boy. Who was she to refuse such a simple, kind gesture? Pushing through the hotter-than-hot heat, she rose and slipped her hand in his. Their hands were equally sweaty and as their fingers threading together, Ellie May realized she didn't too much care if his hand was sweaty or not. She was going to hold his hand, drought and heat be damned. They took a short, easy walk through the woods over dead tufts of Johnson grass and weeds. Dirt from the dry land caked their feet and ankles by the time they reached their destination. Just up the mountain, about a half mile from where their mother and sisters were buried, a large limestone slab jutted from the earth, a nature provided picnic table. Forrest spread an ancient quilt over the rock knowing that the heat absorbed on the limestone's surface would've scorched Ellie May's bare legs. Once he'd set the blanket, his companion collapsed onto the smooth slab. Warmth soaked through the patchwork quilt instantly, baking her on both sides. She laid there listening to the still world around them as Forrest unpacked the secret contents of the basket. Squinting from the harsh sun, Ellie May studied him silently, mesmerized by the graceful, swift, and deliberate movements of his large hands as he set out their lunch. \"What's this all about, Forrest? Are you trying to butter me up for bad news?\" He didn't bother to spare her a look, but grinned as he answered, \"No bad news. Just thought we'd have lunch, is all.\" \"Mhmm.\" She remained unconvinced. They took their time enjoying the meal, splayed across the rock. Forrest had prepared fat slices of honeyed ham smothered in a maple glaze. He'd also whipped together some heavily peppered mashed potatoes, a favorite of Ellie May, and a pan of sweet cornbread. Since the drought, many cold fruits had become scare throughout Franklin. As a small surprise, Forrest managed to snag a fresh watermelon off a buyer from Georgia who came through the restaurant the week before. The bright pink wedges looked like heaven to the sweltering duo. He allowed Ellie May the first bite. The watermelon was sickeningly sweet, a delicious, cool burst. Ellie May forced herself to stifle a moan. God, she'd missed fruit. Juice from the watermelon trickled passed her lips and down her chin. With her free hand, she moved to wipe it away but long fingers wrapped around her wrist. Forrest lowered his mouth to her slick chin and throat, kissing and licking the juice off her skin. The sweetness of the fruit mixed with the saltiness of her sweat was a strange combination on Forrest's tongue. Licking his own lips, he captured her mouth in a quick kiss. Ellie May brought the watermelon slice to his lips when they parted, an offering. He sank his teeth into the soft, pink fruit and, just like when Ellie May took a bite, juice bubbled up and out, dripping down her fingers and arm. Forrest licked them clean, too. This pattern of biting and licking continued until all that remained of the watermelon was the raw, green shell. Tossing away the unwanted food for animal scraps, they wrapped their dirty plates and forks and placed them back in the basket. But they didn't immediately return to the farm. For a while they laid on the limestone slab, hands tightly clasped between them, their hot sides pressed together. They watched the fluffy, white clouds roll slowly across the sky. They found shapes in the clouds – a bunny rabbit, a pair of feet, a leaf, a tea kettle. Well, she found shapes. Forrest just watched. After a while a few of the clouds started to darken, a hazy sort of gray. \"See that dark one over there?\" Ellie May pointed towards the north. \"Looks like Howard, don't you think?\" Forrest smirked. Actually, the dark cloud resembled a bear cub but he guessed that was her point. \"Lotta clouds getting dark. Maybe we'll finally get some rain.\" \"Pray hard,\" she replied, staring at the darkness looming in the distance. If they didn't get some rain soon, Papa's farm was gonna be in a hard way. Another cloud drifted by and caught Ellie May's attention. She gave a soft smile and squeezed Forrest's hand. \"Look. A baby.\" He spotted the baby-shaped fluff the moment the words left her mouth. \"Yeah, I see it,\" he said. His gaze shifted to the woman lying beside him and he found the sight of her little grin far more charming than any infants in the sky. Suddenly, Forrest was drowning in a sea of images: Ellie May cuddling a snoozing baby to her chest; a child's tiny fingers wrapped around his own; a string of incoherent baby-babbles; a pair of wide, innocent, curious eyes. Their child's eyes. His and Ellie May's. Just the thought of Ellie May bearing his children was enough to send his chest seizing, his pulse racing. Forrest knew, suddenly, that the greatest thing he would ever do in life would be to give Ellie May children of her own. She deserved nothing less. He saw the way she was with his younger siblings – her affection for them had always warmed his heart – and he'd felt firsthand the strength and power of her tenderness and love. Ellie May would be a great mother, of this he was sure. And then he was reminded of why he'd brought her out for lunch in the first place. \"What're you thinking about so hard?\" She was abruptly in his line of sight blocking the sky and clouds above. Propped up on her elbow, she hovered over him, hair cascading over her shoulders to frame his face. Curious, Ellie May poked playfully at the concentrated crease in his brow. \"Something bothering you?\" Forrest smoothed his brow and reached up to twirl a lock of her hair. Ellie May chuckled quietly and lowered her face to his. She rubbed her nose back and forth across his own, an eskimo kiss Emmy called it. \"You're always so damn fascinated with my hair.\" Forrest grinned, the silky-smooth brunette strands slipping through his fingers. \"I like it. S'nice.\" \"Oh, well, thank you very much, Mr. Bondurant.\" Ellie May placed a swift kiss on the tip of his nose and hopped of the rock. Slipping off her shoes, she took to the dead patches of grass. The short, dry blades lay mostly flat. They tickled the soles of her bare feet. \"Whatchu doin'?\" called Forrest. Though he lay still, his eyes watched her every movement. Baking on the rock, they'd both become drenched in sweat and the wetness of her skin was causing her dress to cling to her body. The outline of her soft curves beckoned him but he resisted, enjoying watching her play in the grass. \"I'm hunting.\" There came a humorous scoff from his spot on the limestone. \"You don't say. And just what are you hunting? A ladybug…or maybe a butterfly?\" \"I'll have you know, mister, that I am a champion firefly hunter and I have the jar to prove it-\" \"An empty jar,\" he teased, but Ellie May continued, unperturbed, \"But I'm hunting something far more difficult to find right now. I'm on the quest to find a four leaf clover. I've never found one before and I figured we could use some luck around here.\" \"Whatta we need luck for?\" She snorted, scanning the ground for the small, green clover. \"I do believe that question was rhetorical. What're you still lying there for? Come help!\" Forrest protested half-heartedly, a series of quick murmurs and low grunts, before climbing down off the rock. \"This is pointless.\" \"Then why are you helping?\" He fought a grin. \"Cause I'm afraid.\" Ellie May stopped short and shot him an incredulous look. \"Afraid of what? Last I heard, you weren't afraid of anything. Not even death.\" Forrest laughed. Yeah, he'd heard that, too. The rumor mill of the backwoods had been going ninety-to-nothin' since this Prohibition mess started; and it was bad enough before. It was mostly straight gossip, but he supposed there was some element of truth to the whispers. There were certain lengths he and his brother were willing to go to take care of and protect what was theirs. Seemed like folks were finally starting to get that. \"I'm afraid of what'll happen to me if I don't help,\" he answered her. \"Though I don't know why we're looking. There's nothing here but dead dandelions and weeds.\" \"Don't be such a Debby Downer. We'll find one,\" Ellie May insisted, poking at a tuff of grass with her toe. But, unfortunately, Forrest was right and after half an hour of searching, they came up empty-handed. The pair returned to the rock, the sun now hanging low in the sky, and Forrest retrieved a worn copy of the Bible from within the confines of the picnic basket. He'd wrapped the King James in a cloth to keep any food or crumbs from getting on it and used the cloth to wipe his sweaty hands before opening the front cover. Ripped bits of paper stuck out the top of the Bible – makeshift page markers. Forrest thumbed through until he reached one of the markers. \"Do you remember when I was in the hospital and you and Jack would read to me?\" Ellie May said that she did and Forrest looked at her, really looked at her, and sheepishly asked, \"Would you read to me again?\" He told her that he'd marked several of his favorite passages, that he thought she might enjoy them, too. Mostly, they were one or two lines of scripture - a quaint saying, a wise proverb. She didn't have to read long if she didn't want to, he explained, but he confessed that he loved listening to her voice. The gentle lilt to her words, the soft flow of her easy speaking, it soothed him in a way. Made his world calm despite the semi-permanent chaos of his life. Her heart fluttering, Ellie May agreed. She took the Bible from him and laid it across her left thigh, her back against the base of the mountain. Forrest lay down beside her. He propped his head on her right thigh and watched her lips form each word as she read. \"Psalm 63:3 – Because your steadfast love is better than life, my lips will praise you.\" It was the page he'd turned to, the first lines he'd wanted her to read, and they sent her soaring. The words were in reference to the love of the Lord but could Forrest have possibly meant for her to read it in the context of their relationship? Was her love so steadfast, so better than life, that he would praise her ? She flipped to another marked page. \"1 John 4:18-19 - There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love. We love because He first loved us.\" And then another. \"Solomon 8:6 - Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave. It burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame.\" As she read the marked scripture, she wove her fingers through Forrest's short hair, massaging his scalp, and reflected internally on their meaning. They were all passages about love. About God's love for us. About our love for one another. Forrest's message was certainly not subtle, but tastefully done. The carefully chosen lines sent her heart hammering, a swarm of butterflies erupting in her stomach. She knew that if she were standing, she would've grown dizzy or faint. She didn't dare look at Forrest as she read. She knew that if she did, she would become lost to him, content to disappear in his adoring gaze. Or worse. Perhaps she'd cry at the implied proclamations of love he'd purposely asked her to read. Finally, Ellie May turned to the last passage, \"Ephesians 5:25 – Husbands, love your wives, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her.\" Husbands. Wives. She froze. Forrest's hand was on hers, lifting the Bible from her lap. His thumb stroked across her knuckles. \"Do you know what day it is?\" Ellie May blinked and then swallowed, her throat dry but not from the blistering weather. \"It's the nineteenth.\" \"Do you know what a month from today is?\" He asked the question calmly, simply. But there was a very serious manner about him, lurking just beneath the surface. He seemed excited to hear her answer. She bit her bottom lip. A month would be March nineteenth. March. March nineteenth – Emmy's fourteenth birthday. She sucked in a quick breath, gaze growing wide. Forrest's lips spread into a wide grin and he cupped her face in his warm hands. \"Ellie, you know I love you with everything I am. You know that there is nothing I wouldn't do to protect you, or to take care of you, or to give you what you need.\" She covered his hands with her own, mirroring his smile. They leaned close, their foreheads not quite touching. Forrest caressed her cheeks as he tried to articulate his feelings for her. \"Ellie, if you'll let me, I promise I will love you for the rest of my life. I promise that I will make you happy, that you'll want for nothing. We can get a place of our own…fill it will children…\" Her smile grew, her clutch on him tightening. \"We can grow old together. I want to be with you always, to love you and t-\" The words caught in his throat, the force of his love too much. He couldn't finish. His throat had grown thick, his eyes moist, as he pictured their future together. This was so right. This was what they were meant to do. He knew it. He felt it in his heart. Forrest looked at her, desperately trying to convey this, but he didn't have to try. Because she knew it, too. Ellie May couldn't think of a more perfect way to spend her life. After all, hadn't this been their plan all along? To be together forever in love? She bit her lip. \"Is there a question somewhere in there, Forrest?\" A bashful expression consumed him. He grinned and kissed her, his lips just barely grazing her own. It was a whisper, a promise. \"Ellie May, will you marry me and be my wife?\" Ellie May felt the familiar sting of tears beginning to prick at her eyes. Pure joy lacerated her heart. She felt that at any moment she would burst from the perfectness of this moment and of the man before her. The man that she adored and loved so deeply and who adored and loved her in return. But before she could speak, she felt something hit her head. She flinched from the minor impact and glanced up. Something else hit her head as she did so, and then something hit her cheek, and then her eye. She blinked rapidly and heard Forrest's booming laughter. Lifting a hand to her face, she wiped away water. Rain water. It was raining. One drop fell. Then, three more. Then, two. Then, five and six and seven all at the same time. And suddenly they were under a massive haze of dark clouds, the sun disappearing on the horizon, caught in a torrential downpour. Forrest had proposed and the heavens opened up. The drought was over. Laughing, they abandoned their limestone slab to bask in the rain. They were instantly soaked, their grateful laughter dying in the wind. Ellie May reached for Forrest and he hugged her, lifting and twirling her in the rain. She kissed him, arms coiling around his neck, until they couldn't breathe, their lips puffy and red. \"I love you, Forrest. I love you so much that sometimes I don't know what to do with myself. Yes.\" Forrest beamed. His grip tightened around her. \"Yes?\" \"Absolutely, yes.\" I hope you enjoyed it, my friends.[Chapter 26] Hey everyone! Quick question – I've noticed that less and less people are reviewing. Now, this isn't me trying to sound whiny, I just want to know why. Don't get me wrong, there are a large number of you who still review and I love you all dearly! However, for those who've stopped reviewing, or maybe even stopped reading, I want to fix whatever had turned you off of the story. Is the story taking turns readers don't like? Is it the progression of the characters? What's wrong? So if you guys could just let me know what you'd like to see different, that would be splendid and hopefully we can meet somewhere in the middle that will please everyone. Now, on to the good stuff… SPOILER: The first half of this chapter is Ellie May and Forrest's wedding. And then, the second half is pretty much just them having sex. So for those who aren't fans of a little lemon, I suggest skipping the latter section of this chapter. Just know that I tried to write it very tastefully. It's nothing too graphic but not just fluff either. I know you all enjoy the fluff but I'm also aware that there comes a point where fluff is no longer enough. Guess Ellie and Forrest finally reached that point. That being said, I hope this chapter lives up to everyone's standards. If not…well, too bad. Enjoy it anyway! Chapter Twenty-Five Forrest and Ellie May were wed in Snow Creek Baptist, the same church where Howard and Lucy were married, and their parents before them. It was a modest, but genuine affair. A humble exchange of everlasting vows and promises and tender proclamations of love. Papa was there in the front pew with Emmy, Jack, Cricket, Howard, and Lucy. Behind them sat Hal, his wife Caroline, and their little boy, Samuel. Across from Hal and his family were Danny, Tom, and Everett. The day waitress from The County Line, Abigail, sat behind Papa and the children, with her three youngin's. And in the third row sat the entire Deshazo clan, faithful neighbors and good friends. There was no music, no fancy flowers or frills, just Ellie May in a nice, white dress, and Forrest in a pressed suit. When the couple announced their engagement to the family, Papa Bondurant had proudly offered to walk her down the aisle. And he did. It was such a kind, humble gesture that before Ellie May even made it to the altar she was in tears. She felt faint, thought for sure that she would slip or trip on her flowing dress skirt; but the moment her hands slipped in to Forrest's, her breathing calmed, her body at peace, and all was suddenly right with the world. Reverend Talbot said a few introductory words, calling witness to God, before instructing Forrest to being with his vows. For the first time in his life, Forrest was not at a loss for words. He did not find his mind reaching or searching for the right thing to say. He didn't stumble over his own tongue and its inadequacy. Ellie May had given him the gift of true love and the proper tools to express it. Forrest clasped the delicate hands of the woman he loved. Today, her dark hair was pulled back from her face and as she smiled up at him with an excited nervousness, he felt remarkably calm. He cleared his throat, licked his lips, and began to pledge his vows with a large smile, \"Today, I declare my love for you, Ellie May, in front of our closest family and friends as I invite you to share my life. You are the most beautiful, generous, and loving person I have ever known, and I promise always to respect you and to love you more than anything on this earth.\" As he spoke, a pair of tears spilled over and ran down Ellie May's left cheek. Forrest lifted his hand to her face and gently brushed the tears away before he continued. \"With kindness, selflessness, and trust, I will work by your side to create a wonderful life together. And I promise to love you until my dying day, with all I have to give and all that I am, in the only way I know how - completely and forever.\" When he finished, he took the ring from his pocket, the gold band twinkling in the sunlight from the stained glass windows like a firefly in the night. He lifted her trembling hand and poised the ring over her left, ring finger. Forrest found that he could not wipe the smile from his face, nor did he find any embarrassment in proclaiming all of this before others. His love and affection for Ellie May was so pure in even its simplest form and it was nothing to be ashamed of. Carefully gliding the ring over her finger, he said, \"This ring I give to you as a token of my love and devotion to you. I pledge to you all that I am and all that I will ever be as your husband and friend. With this ring, I gladly marry you and join my life to yours.\" Reverend Talbot smiled softly at the bride. \"Ellie May, if you would like to share your vows.\" She nodded slightly, a barely-there tilt of the head. Squeezing Forrest's hands, Ellie May took a deep breath. Her chin began to quiver as the whole of her feelings for the wonderful man before her fought for space within her chest. How could she ever say how much she loved him? How could she ever put it into words? Nearly choking on her emotions, Ellie May sniffled, willing away her tears, and began with a gentle grin, \"Forrest, today I become your wife and you become my husband.\" Forrest grinned at her words and she almost bit her bottom lip. Another deep breath. She continued, \"Forrest, I promise to love you without reservation, comfort you in times of distress, laugh and cry with you, always be open and honest with you, and to cherish you for the rest of my life. Together we will create a home, becoming a part of one another. I vow to help create a life that we can treasure and to grow old by your side as your love and best friend. This is my solemn vow.\" Standing in the pew, Howard dug Forrest's ring out of his pocket and handed it to Ellie May. There was a red tint in his eyes as he did so and when their fingers brushed, the ring falling into her open palm, Ellie May smiled warmly at Howard through her tears and damned if he didn't grin right back. Though they were often at odds, the relationship between Ellie May and Howard was one only they could truly understand. They loved one another as siblings did but there was a brutal honesty at the root of it. A harsh truth formed by hardship. And they were both very glad to see this union coming to pass. Howard would get another sister, and Ellie May a great, big brother. Her hands shaking, she lifted the ring to Forrest's left hand. Again, they beamed at one another, almost child-like in their happiness. Ellie May spoke softly, \"I give you this ring as a symbol of my love and faithfulness, as a symbol of all that we have promised and all that we shall share. As I place it on your finger, I commit my heart and soul to you with the hopes that you will wear it and think of me and know that I love you.\" With their vows and rings exchanged, the reverend said a few closing words, and, when after all was silent, pronounced them husband and wife. They shared a pair of goofy grins, the reverend's words echoing in their ears. There came a roar of laughter, of joyful shouts and clapping, a wolf-whistle from Tom or Danny. And they did as all brides and grooms do - they kissed and felt the world slip off its axis, felt the ground shift, felt the stars and moon and planets and sun align. All of this because of a single, everlasting promise sealed together by a single, extraordinary kiss. \"I love you,\" Forrest whispered against her mouth as their family crowded around them. Ellie May squeezed his neck, her face so drenched in her own tears she thought herself swimming, and she whispered the words back. The ceremony now over, the newlywed couple was ushered back to the restaurant where a fat spread of delicious country cooking awaited. Lucy and Ellie May had been slaving away in the kitchen for days, with Emmy's helping hand of course. They ate among their family and friends and shared a small cake. Toasts were made and drinks had. Jokes were told, quaint marriage anecdotes mostly, and both Forrest and Ellie May knew they had never been happier in their entire life. All throughout the celebratory ruckus, Forrest did not relinquish Ellie May's hand and her eyes frequently glanced upon him. Damned if they weren't two kids in love. They'd had a mid-day wedding and as the sunset grew near they were greeted with a light, evening shower. Their guests slowly began to disperse, eager to head home before the rain worsened. It was nightfall before they were alone and when the front door closed tight behind the last to leave, Forrest kissed Ellie May and announced, \"I have something to show you.\" In the months leading up to the humble wedding, Forrest busied himself preparing the upstairs of The County Line. This he intended to make their home. The upstairs apartment had three rooms and a narrow water closet with working plumbing. Forrest set it up with some old furniture, castoffs mostly, unwanted pieces he stumbled upon here and there. He put an iron-framed bed in what would be their room, along with most of the decent furniture. He'd also mounted an oval mirror on the back of a chest of drawers made of stained black walnut that his grandfather built. In the other room, he put a straw-tick cot, for Howard or Danny or anyone else who might need the occasional place to stay. The third room became a sitting room of sorts. There was a lumpy old couch covered with a sheet that faced the front window overlooking the road and in the corner a small table that held only a radio and a candle. Ellie May knew nothing of the repairs made to the upstairs and when Forrest revealed them to her, the pure happiness of the moment was captured easily on her face. Finally, they had a place all their own. They took a quick tour of their new home and came to rest on the couch in the sitting room. The radio played softly in the corner, music from another time, blending with the steady rhythm of the rain. The warmth of the room was cocoon-like. In that moment, Ellie May felt that nothing else existed in the world, just her and Forrest, the radio and the rain. Then, the song changed and a new melody wafted through the speakers. Ellie May's heart thumped as she recognized the soft tune of Irvin Berlin's \"You'd Be Surprised.\" She glanced at Forrest, her new husband. \"Do you remember…?\" The crinkled smile at the edges of his lips and eyes told her that he did indeed remember. This was the very song that played that afternoon in Rocky Mount when Forrest drove Ellie May home from the hospital all those many years ago. Would anyone have ever thought back then that this was where they would end up? \"Will you dance with me?\" she finally asked. Forrest replied with his famous ghost of a grin. \"Sure.\" He rose from the couch and gently helped her up. She stood, her legs feeling shaky as they moved toward the center of the small room. The music seemed to fill the room with longing, and for a moment neither of them knew what to do. She waited, watching as he turned to her, his face unreadable. Finally, placing a hand on her hip, he drew her closer. Their bodies came together then and she leaned into him, feeling the safe solidness of his chest as his arm circled her waist. Ever so slowly, they began to turn and sway. He felt so good to her. She breathed in the familiar smell of him, the mixed scents of the earth and honey and Virginia. She could feel the taut plane of his stomach, the packed muscle, and she could feel his legs against hers as they slowly danced. Closing her eyes, Ellie May laid her head on his shoulder, suddenly flooded with desire. She trembled in his grasp. The song ended but they continued to hold each other as the broadcast continued. As they moved in slow circles about the sitting room, his fingers tugged loose the ribbon in her hair until the soft, dark tendrils fell free around her face. Forrest tangled his hand in her hair, cradling her to him. His breath was hot on her neck and she heard him exhale deeply. His lips grazed her neck first, the soft flesh beckoning him. Then, Forrest's lips gently brushed her cheek and she strained toward the butterfly touch. When their mouths finally met, they kissed hesitantly, the pressure of the moment building. So much had led to this. Would it be all they had hoped, dreamed, and desired? The power of their kiss quickly grew, a passionate fire brewing between them. Ellie May could feel his hands on her, all of her, and, when they separated for air, she was conscious only of how long she had ached for this. Ached for him. She stared at him through half-lidded eyes. God, how she wanted this. Wanted him in every way possible. She could feel his desire as well, and with a movement that seemed almost preordained, she kissed him once more before leading him to the bedroom. The back of her legs hit the edge of the iron-framed bed and she clasped tightly at Forrest's shirt to steady herself. Forrest stroked her arms tenderly, pressed feathered kissed into her hair and across her temple. This was it. He was finally going to claim her and make her his. He was going to relish in every inch of her flesh and bring her pleasure she'd never known. Cupping her chin, he tilted her face toward his own. What he saw in her expression was enough to tell him that she was feeling exactly the same way. He could feel her heated breaths as he brushed his lips against hers once and then twice before finally meeting them for good. Burying his hands in her hair, he kissed her with everything he had, everything he wanted to be. He heard a soft murmur of contentment as he slid his arms around her. He opened her mouth slightly and felt her tongue against his. He loved the taste of her. He kissed her cheek and her neck, nibbling softly, then kissed her lips again. His hand grazed her leg, lifting the hem of her white wedding dress. When his lips left her mouth, Ellie May whimpered pitifully at the loss of contact only to gasp as she realized his intentions. His mouth crawled down her body. Ellie May was tormented with lust as she watched him vanish into the many folds of her dress. Still, she could feel him. Feel his whiskers scraping against her thigh as he trailed a hot line of kisses up the inside of her leg until he reached the part of her that ached for him. She moaned the instant his lips and tongue found that spot. Furiously biting her bottom lip, she surrendered herself to the pleasure he gave her. It was blinding and exhilarating. And when she came, she cried out, her hands splaying across his shoulders. He felt her body quiver with pleasure again and again. Felt the satisfaction that came with knowing he was the one who'd brought her such bliss. Forrest rested his forehead against her lower belly as he calmed himself. Licking his lips, he peered up at the woman he loved. His large hand wrapping around the back of her thigh, his chest swelled as he listened to her contented purring. He rose to his full height, murmuring softly. \"You are so beautiful, Ellie May.\" She couldn't find it within herself to respond to his adoring declaration. She was completely captivated by the look of tenderness on Forrest's face. No one had ever looked at her like this. Forrest buried his lips against her throat and made about unfastening her dress. Though Ellie May had been naked with another man before, she had never been willing. Not like she was now with Forrest. Cradling the back of his head, Ellie May gently raked her fingers through his hair and drew their faces together. She nipped at his lips, dragged the tip of her nose across his cheek. Their eyes met and she stroked her thumb over the rise of his cheek. She hated to bring this up, especially now, in a moment so perfect, but she didn't want him to be taken by surprise or worse - disappointed. \"Forrest,\" she whispered. \"You know that I'm not…that I won't-\" Bleed , she almost said but the word became caught in her throat. Her father had taken her virginity from her in a drunken rage and now she was tainted. The thought pained her and her chin began to quiver. She wanted to be everything for Forrest, wanted to give him that which so many women held so dear, but she simply couldn't. Forrest nodded lightly, despite the tightening in his chest. He hated her father with a muted, slow rage for what he'd done to Ellie May, what he'd viciously stolen. But that rage, in no way, made Ellie May any less in Forrest's eyes. He tried to be as gentle as possible, kissing away her unnecessary fears. His lips traced the faint scar that ran across the top of her left cheek, the only reminder of her father's vicious assault that night. Gripping her dress, Forrest continued to pepper sweet kissing across her face, asking quietly, \"Do you want me to stop?\" Ellie May shook her head. \"Please, don't.\" With an excruciating slowness, Forrest slid the dress from his wife's body until she was bare to him. His heart stopped at the sight of her. She was beautiful. All soft curves and luscious, female glory. She'd grown so much over the years and now possessed the body of a woman. A gorgeous woman. Forrest made no move to remove his own clothes but tenderly coaxed her onto the bed. Ellie May fell back onto the stiff mattress, pulling him with her. He hovered over her with a gaze so full of love that she felt she might burst from the extremity of it. He dipped his head down to hers and she shivered as only their lips met. Then, with a tantalizing slowness, he deepened the kiss and lowered himself down on top of her body until his weight pressed against her. A simple but lustful sigh fell passed her lips. The sensation of his body on hers was incredible. She could feel his hips against her stomach, feel the solid strength of his chest and shoulders. There was just so much of him. She reveled in the way he surrounded her naked body with unyielding warmth and love. She ran her hands over his perfect back, feeling his muscles contract and tense beneath his shirt. Her delicate fingers trailed over him, reaching around the front to flick open the buttons of his shirt one by one. As she did so, his mouth peppered wet, hot kisses down her neck and over the round tops of her breasts. He suckled her, his tongue swirling over her soft skin. His efforts were rewarded by a delicious hitch in Ellie May's breath, her back arching forward into his touch. As he continued his pursuit of her chest, Ellie May pushed the shirt from Forrest's shoulders and unclasped the suspenders from his pants before pushing them below his hips. Forrest sucked in a breath and held it as Ellie May unclothed him. His wife bit her lip in satisfaction as she freed him from his pants and under drawers. Finally, he was bare to her, too. And he was huge. Not that Ellie May was surprised. Her previous encounters with that bulge had given her some idea of its size, but this… Time seemed suspended as they gaze at one another, completely vulnerable. For a good minute, it seemed neither of them could breathe for the swell of love they felt. Forrest was the first to move, his body aching for her so strongly that it was almost painful. He curled his arm beneath her head to support her. With his free hand, he reached down to cup her breast, his thumb stroking over the gentle mound of flesh. As he did so, he rubbed himself against her without entering. Ellie May whimpered, her fingers digging into the skin of his shoulders. She affectionately whispered his name, the quiet call lost to the sounds of the rain outside. They exchanged sweet kisses and then hungry caresses before he finally took her. It hurt more than she'd expected it to but the pleasure far outweighed the pain. When she came for the second time, her orgasm was joined by one of his own. They came together, their hips thrusting in place, and were blinded by the ecstasy of it all. Nothing in the world had ever made them feel like this. Eventually, they caught their breath and, when they did, Forrest placed a tender kiss on her shoulder while whispering his love for her. Her breasts grazed his chest as she wrapped her legs around his waist. She rolled them on the bed so that she was straddling his hips. His hands drifted down her back, cupping her bottom. Ellie May smiled at him lovingly, every part of her burning with life and passion. She had wondered many times what this moment would be like. How it would feel. But her imagination had nothing on this reality. Nothing on the beauty of feeling the restrained strength of Forrest lying under her. He was so hard and fierce and yet so gentle for her. Ellie May gave Forrest time to recuperate, kissing her way across his chest and stomach, before she sank herself down on him. Moaning, she began to rock against him and the sight and sensation were more than Forrest could bear. He cupped her face in his massive hands and kissed her passionately an instant before he came with a force so strong it rendered him temporarily senseless. His wife met him a moment later, her toes curled, her head tossed back in abandon. Afterward, she remained curled beneath his arm, her body coiled in contentment. She settled herself into his arms, burrowing into his chest and cuddling there like a kitten, their bodies still joined. She let out a deep, happy sigh as he caressed her arms and back. They talked and laughed and nuzzled late into the night, rain continuing to fall against the roof, and, after making love a third time, Forrest lay beside her, staring into her eyes before tenderly cupping her cheek. He felt the words rise up inside him, words he had spoken to her many times and every time meant them. \"I love you,\" he whispered, knowing the words were true in every way. He was hers and always would be. Ellie May shivered under Forrest's intense stare. Her lips spread into a breathtaking smile. Placing her hand over his, she stroked her thumb across his knuckles and gave a loving squeeze. \"I love you, too, Forrest Bondurant.\" The rain lasted through the night and well on into the next morning. Ellie May woke just before noon. It was the first time she'd slept in since she was a little girl. It was also the first time she'd woken up naked. A scarlet blush consumed her, the skin of her chest, ears, and face burning bright as thoughts of her first night as Ellie May Bondurant filled her mind. Sex. What a wonderful, un-describable experience. No wonder so many people went crazy for it. Her body immediately began to stir at the mere memory of it. Smiling silly, Ellie May clutched the blanket to her bare chest and rolled over. Forrest was awake beside her. He was gazing down at the ring on his left hand. His chest was bare and Ellie May took the moment to study the sculpted arms and packed muscle of the man she loved. She'd seen him shirtless several times before but now she held a much more intimate knowledge of that chest. She knew how the taunt skin tasted on her tongue. Knew what his heart beat sounded like as she fell asleep in his arms. Knew how hard she could claw at the thick muscle before her nails broke skin. Her blush deepened. She hoped there weren't bruises on his shoulder – the place where her hands had done most of their vicious work. Biting her lip, Ellie May tried to stifle some of her giddy happiness. She didn't want Forrest to think she was being childish. \"Good morning,\" she murmured. Blinking himself from his daze, Forrest smiled softly down at her. She reached out to stroke his arm. \"How long have you been awake?\" \"Not long,\" he lied. Forrest had been awake for hours. His body rarely allowed him slumber passed sunrise. But he wasn't complaining. That morning he'd been content to lay by his wife's side and watch her sleep peacefully, reflecting on what was the best night of his life. While she'd slept, Forrest trailed his fingertips over the soft curve of her shoulder, down the luscious flesh of her side. He replayed their love-making over and over in his head. She'd been so tender and yet fierce in her own right. Every time she'd touched him, Forrest could feel her desire, feel the depth of her love for him, and it blew him away that she could love him so much. Forrest had never been closer to anyone in his entire life and last night, he and Ellie May took that intimacy to a whole new level. Forrest now understood why the light in his father's eyes died with his mother. He could now grasp why his father became a shell of the person he once was. Knew the gravity of his loss, how the absence of his mother echoed in the crevices of his father's heart. That was what it meant to love a woman and love her with your entire being. That was how he loved Ellie May and when Ellie May opened her eyes to peer up at him through a sleepy haze, that forever gentle grin on her lips, it was almost more than Forrest could take. Reaching over to stroke her cheek, Forrest asked, \"Did you sleep well?\" She mirrored his soft smile, almost bashful. She leaned into his open palm like a kitten, nuzzling the rough callouses. \"Very well, thank you. Though I have to say, you take up quite a bit more room than Emmy.\" Forrest gave a quiet chuckle, lacing their fingers and bringing her hand to his mouth. He kissed the tops of her knuckles. \"Sorry 'bout that.\" She pressed her legs to his beneath the blankets. \"I'm not.\" And so, on the first morning of their marriage, they made love once more, not stopping until the sun set on Franklin County and the rain began again. Disclaimer: It was very difficult for me to try and write the sex scene without feeling like I might offend someone. I tried to do so in a very tasteful manner but still tried to keep an air of smut for those of you who I know have been wanting to see more than a little fluff. So, I have a favorite author of mine, the wonderful Sherrilyn Kenyon, who writes the Dark-Hunter series. It's basically like 30 books about mythology and sex. They're set in modern day New Orleans and are pretty much my favorite collection ever. But, anyway, I wrote this scene after re-reading bits and pieces of her novel Acheron . So, I just thought I'd toss a disclaimer on here just in case. Originally, I didn't plan on including the vows, or really including the ceremony at all. Many of us have been to weddings, or seen one on television or in a movie. So what was the point? But I googled weddings in the 1920's just to see if there were any traditions that I should know about and it really got me thinking, what would Forrest say? He would've had to have written his own vows, so what does Forrest Bondurant say to the woman he loves? And...so...yeah, I included the vows. I literally cried my eyes out writing this and I hope you did the same. But not in a bad way, in a happy way.[Chapter 27] See the author's note at the end! It's very important! Chapter Twenty-Six The first few weeks of married life were a sort of contradiction for Ellie May and Forrest. Mornings and nights were spent in a state of simple and pure bliss, but their days were filled with a creeping sense of loss. They missed the farm. Missed Jack's busyness – his constant questions and comments. Missed the smell of the gentle growing tobacco and cabbage and honeysuckles. Missed late night discussions with Papa by the stove, pondering life and the world. And Ellie May especially missed Emmy. Neither Forrest nor his new wife commented on this recently developed sense of loss. Instead, they were both often concocting excuses to go back. Ellie May forget her favorite quilt. Forrest needed to borrow a wood splitting ax. Papa was having a bon fire or a fish fry. Emmy needed this, Jack needed that. And so on they went. Nearly every day the newlyweds found their way back to the Bondurant farm, if only for an hour or two. Then, when their need for family was sated, they returned to The County Line and slipped back into the new glorious routine of married life. Well, they slipped back into that happy, peaceful routine for a little while. Then, the last week in April arrived and the Bondurant men did what they do best – attract trouble. It was nearing eleven o'clock when Forrest watched Howard come in with the crew from the sawmill grinning like a fool. The group of them were obnoxiously loud, their faces already askew with drink. They were mostly younger boys in mud-spattered coveralls, stained undershirts, who were lipping chewed cigar ends, their eyes bloodshot. When they reached into the pockets of their dungarees for their money, streams of sawdust spilled onto the floor. Behind the counter, Forrest saw Ellie May's lips purse and he fought a grin. His woman sure did hate sweeping. The rowdy newcomers gathered around one of the large tables in the back and slapped crumpled wads of money onto the table. With a few whistles, they order a round of The County Line's finest and set about a game of stud poker. Howard observed them as the hand began but eventually slipped away to join his brother. \"We gone make some money off them tonight,\" he announced with a shit-eating grin. \"It ain't right,\" muttered Forrest. Gettin' a man all boozed up just to swindle him. That wasn't how he worked. But Forrest knew most of the young fellas and knew, even if he tried to stop them from drinking and gambling, they wouldn't listen. Cause that's how most young men's brains work. Can't tell 'em nothing. \"I'm getting real tired of your morality shit,\" teased Howard, elbowing his brother. He waved at Ellie May to fetch him a glass of sweat tea. Forrest had to keep from grinding his teeth, grumbling, \"She's not your maid.\" \"Aw, she don't mind. Do you, sweetheart?\" snickered Howard as Ellie May brought him a fresh glass of tea. She set it down on the table in front of him and shrugged, \"Sure don't. I just hope you don't mind that I spit in it, is all.\" Howard's face fell, his brother sniggering quietly beside him. \"That ain't funny.\" Ellie May smirked. \"I beg to differ.\" Before Howard could offer a retort, Hal called out another order from the kitchen and Ellie May skirted away. Pouting, he lifted the glass to inspect the contents and, only once he was sure she was joking about spitting in it, did he raise the rim to his lips. Forrest eyed his older brother, lips twitching, \"Taste good?\" \"Shut up.\" As it was Saturday night, the restaurant was packed to the brim, bodies crowding every corner of the humble establishment. And it seemed that the only sober folks in the joint were the employees. Though Forrest was attempting to train his attention on the book-keeping for that month, he couldn't help but observe those around him. A few men sat at the bar, haggard and dog-eyed, cigarettes burning down to the knuckle, loosely clutching onto a mason jar with an inch of clear fluid at the bottom. The radio on the counter played a music broadcast from Wheeling, West Virginia, and a young man in hobnail boots and a stained overcoat rapped his fingers on the bar to the beat. A couple sat in the front window, the woman's arms draped around the man's neck, her lipstick smeared. Forrest reckoned most of these folks had nowhere else to go. The thought made him frown. How awful it must be to live a life so unfulfilling that you had to drown in your sorrows publicly. A sudden knock brought Forrest's musings to an abrupt end. Everett was standing at the backdoor. He jerked his head swiftly to the back. Forrest nudged his brother. \"C'mon. We got another sale.\" \"Shit.\" Howard ran a burly hand through his thick curls. \"Danny and Tommy better hurry up. We gone run out before the night's over.\" Their partners were up at the still, safely tucked away in the recesses of Turkey Cock Mountain, brewing up yet another batch of white lightning. Here lately it seemed like they were selling the stuff quicker than they could make it and they were already in talks to build a second still. Out back, Everett stood by the shed with a pair of old geezers who, upon first glance, could've been mistaken for twins. Forrest recognized them instantly. They were the Pickard brothers – Gage and Gaston. Their wrinkled faces resembled hound dogs well passed their prime and they looked about as happy as a turkey on Thanksgiving, their mouths twisted in matching sneers. Forrest nodded as he approached, \"Evenin'. What can I do for y'all?\" \"Heard y'all makin' some liquor,\" squalled Gage, the oldest. Firmly at his side, Gaston nodded, gumming his teeth, \"We gone need about two dozen jars but we ain't payin' no more than two bills a piece, you hear?\" Though that was fifty cents less than they usually asked, Forrest knew how to respect his elders and they could spare a few quarters. Nodding, Forrest agreed and unlocked the shed, fetching a crate. Howard dipped in behind him and fetched the other. The wooden boxes held twelve jars a piece. They toted the mule to the Pickards' truck for them, knowing full well the old men would've doubled over had they tried to lift the crates. \"Hold on,\" tutted Gaston. His brother griped, \"Yeah, ain't you gone let us sample the product before we go handin' over a load of cash?\" Howard shot his little brother a smirk. He unscrewed one of the jars, passing it to Gage. \"Yes, sir.\" Gage lipped the jar and took a gulp before his brother swiped the liquor away from himself. Gage hissed, gumming his jaw some more, then swallowed thickly and cleared his throat, \"Damn Prohibition. This stuff used to taste just fine 'til the government decided it shouldn't.\" Raising an eyebrow, Forrest told him politely that if they didn't like it, they could always buy from somebody else. But Gage merely dragged the back of his hand across his mouth and shoved a wad of bills at Forrest's chest. \"Naw. It still gets the job done, just tastes like hell. Not like the good ole stuff. And it's a damn shame cause it's all that keeps these old bones going anymore. We're about used up.\" Gaston snorted, taking another sip. \"Speak for yourself, old man.\" \"I'm only older by two years, idjit. You ain't that far behind.\" Tossing a wink at the Bondurants, Gaston thanked them and the Pickard brothers were on their way. Forrest and Howard stood in the empty lot for a lingering moment, watching the tail lights of the Pickards' truck fade off into the night. Howard kicked at the ground, toeing an ant hill. \"You reckon that's gone be us in a few years?\" Forrest grinned. \"I hope it's more than a few .\" Forrest locked the shed door and the duo headed back inside. The poker game in the back was well under way and, judging by the number of empty jars on the table, the men were three sheets to the wind. Howard dug a few dimes and quarters from the depths of his pockets. \"Time to go hustle some drunks. Hey, send your woman over with some tea in a little while, won't you?\" But Howard didn't wait for a reply, stomping his gigantic frame through the many tables and chairs toward the rowdy poker game. There came a volley of shouts when he reached the table, the young men eager to let him join, and Forrest shook his head. Somethin' wasn't right with his brother. Sliding behind the bar, Forrest tapped two fingers on Ellie May's hip. She paused from emptying the dirty ash trays and cocked an amused eyebrow his way, \"Can I help you, sir?\" His lips itched to spread into a grin but he withheld the impulse. \"I'm sure you can…in more ways than one.\" Forrest motioned his office. \"Join me for a minute?\" \"I can't. Someone's got to run back and forth between the kitchen. I sent Abigail home six hours ago.\" \"Everett!\" called Forrest. The young man popped up instantly, almost like magic, and Forrest was suddenly very grateful to have Everett in his life. Forrest jutted his chin toward the floor of the restaurant. \"Think you can handle things for a minute or two?\" \"Sure. Go ahead.\" Ellie May sent him a thankful glance, allowing Forrest to take her by the hand and tug her into his office. No sooner than the door shut, did Ellie May find herself pressed against the wooden door, her lips captured in a searing kiss. Her hands went instantly to his shoulders, his large paws trapping her hips in place. He was always so warm and as he nipped at her bottom lip, playfully tugging and teasing, she didn't think she'd ever get tired of kissing him. \"Mhmm,\" she hummed against his mouth. \"Someone's in a good mood.\" \"Been a good day,\" he muttered, lips traveling across her jaw to nibble on her ear. Fighting to stifle a yawn, Ellie May stroked the back of his head, \"Well, good. I'm glad you've had a nice day. How much longer you reckon we'll be open?\" \"Getting sleepy?\" Forrest pulled back, his fingers under her chin tilting her face toward him. She smiled softly, darting forward to peck his lips before nodding, \"A little.\" \"Yeah, alright. Why don't you wrap up and go on to bed? I'll join you in two h-\" \"One hour,\" Ellie May swiftly cut him off. \"And this ain't up for negotiation.\" Forrest gave a quiet laugh. \"Guess we have a deal then.\" His kissed the tip of her nose, gave her hips a squeeze, then forced himself away. Biting her lip, Ellie May shook her head at him and opened his office door. \"I mean it, Forrest. One hour.\" He dipped his head forward. \"Yes ma'am.\" Gliding back behind the bar, Ellie May finished cleaning the ash trays and Forrest shouted an announcement that they'd be closing in an hour. There came a few meager shouts of discontent but they were heavily slurred and easily ignored. Ellie May flitted around the restaurant for a few moments, putting away this and restocking that, things that would make it easier for Forrest to close up later. Just as she turned to take the trash out back, there came an angry shout from the front and then a shattering pop! The pop was followed immediately by Howard's unmistakable voice growling above the commotion, \"Hey, you sorry shit! Throw something else, that shit ain't cheap!\" Curious, Ellie May poked her head out of the kitchen to see Howard holding a skinny man by the scruff of his neck, an overturned chair at his feet. \"Don't hurt him!\" a distraught woman shrieked, tears streaming down her face. \"Hurt 'em! Hurt the son of a bitch, break his legs!\" shouted another man as he drunkenly stumbled forward, nearly tripping over his own sagging pot-belly. He swung for the skinny man but Howard jerked him out of his reach. The eldest Bondurant brother shoved the angry, pot-bellied man in his pudgy chest, \"You wanna fight 'em, y'all take it outside,\" and with that, he dropped the skinny one and pushed him toward the door. \"No, please!\" the woman cried. \"He'll kill him!\" Howard sneered at the shivering woman. \"Ain't my problem, lady.\" \"Howard,\" Ellie May chided from the kitchen door. He didn't have to be so damn uncouth about things all the time. But Howard merely blinked, unaffected, \"What?\" The two men headed for the door, both fuming with anger, but the hysterical woman shook her head defiantly, \"I ain't gonna let you hurt him!\" And then she lunged for the pot-bellied man. \"Get off me, Betty!\" the man growled, clawing at the arms suddenly flailing around his torso. He snatched her off easily, tossing her aside like garbage. She crumbled pitifully, colliding into a table and knocking over a jar of apple brandy. \"Don't you touch her!\" bellowed the skinny man and suddenly he was charging forward like a bull. They crashed to the floor like thunder, the restaurant shaking under the force of their collapse. Hal appeared at Ellie May's side, bat in hand, muttering something that sounded like, \"..sick a'this shit..\" And he and Howard dove in to break up the fight before the brawling fools broke a table or chair or, hell, the bar itself. As Hal and Howard attempted to tug apart the men tumbling around on the floor, the trembling woman, delusional and desperate to save the skinny man, gave a piercing cry once more and launched herself onto Howard's back. Ellie May's jaw nearly dropped. \"Oh my.\" Howard straightened and stood still, the woman slapping and clawing at him. Though he was phyiscally unaffected by her efforts, he found them rather annoying and quickly grew perplexed. \"Woman, what in the hell?\" he called, calmly yanking her off of him only to heave her over his shoulder. He dumped her out onto the front porch, slamming the door shut behind him, just as Forrest emerged from his office. Forrest, hands stiffly tucked in his pockets, hollered above the ruckus, \"Alright, that's enough, now! Everybody out! Now!\" A series of miffed shouts rose within the crowd, but they weren't aimed at Forrest. Instead, the patrons were yelling at the brawling duo, angry that their fight was causing the party to end early. \"Aw, fuck, look whatchu done!\" \"Way to go, Hubbard! Next time keep your hands to your own girl.\" Howard and Forrest each grabbed one of the quarrelling men and chunked them out the front door. They went rolling down the front steps and landed in a heap in the dirt. The frantic woman shrieked some more and Howard fought the urge to knock her down the steps, too. \"Y'all get the fuck outta here,\" he demanded, spitting at the ground, the drunken patrons of The County Line filling out around him. When the last of their rowdy customers were gone, Forrest subtly tucked a five dollar bill into Hal's hand – an apology for his troubles – and sent Hal and Jefferson home. Ellie May leaned against the bar, the bundle of trash still in hand, and shook her head morosely. \"Why can't people just behave?\" \"Most people don't know how,\" said Everett quietly. He motioned the trash. \"Let me get that for you.\" She handed him the bundle and thanked him, going to fetch the broom. They had a lot of straightening up to do. But before she could so much as reach the broom closet, there came more shouts from the back, only this time they weren't of anger, they were of panic. And the voice was Everett's. Fear shot down Ellie May's spine as Forrest and Howard dashed out back. Retrieving the shotgun from Forrest's office, she sprinted after them. The door to the shed had been pried open with an ax, the lock broken in the grass. A truck had been backed up to the shed and more than half a dozen grates saddled the back. Three men stood, their bodies coiled and ready to strike, two flashing knives, in front of the truck. Howard, Forrest, and Everett were facing them, their expressions masks of pure rage. Forrest nodded slowly, \"Yeah, I gotta hand it to you, that petty little brawl was a good distraction.\" The shortest of the men gave a wry, gapped-tooth grin. \"That was my idea.\" \"Y'all ain't from around here,\" declared Howard, after a few moments of silently eyeing the trio of thieves. He didn't recognize a one of 'em and judging by the slight crisp in the man's voice they were from somewhere a little further north than Blackwater. \"Where you from?\" \"Here and there,\" replied one of the men. \"We get around.\" \"Who sent you?\" Forrest demanded, the ever present brass knuckles flexing in his grasp. The short man eyed him impishly, \"What makes you think we was sent?\" A growl brewed low in the back of Howard's throat and he took a step forward. With his impressive frame, he stood at least a foot taller than the tallest of the trio. He curled a lip back, snapping, \"Cause between the three of you y'all got a brain the size of a walnut. Now, my brother asked you a question. Who the fuck sent you?\" \"We don't know his name,\" the last one of the group finally answered, the one without a knife. \"Shut your mouth, William,\" instructed the man in the middle, but his partner insisted, \"It's just money. Ain't worth dying for. Look, some fella approached us last week. He was a real hoity-toity type, one of them hot shots who thinks he's all that cause he's from the big city. He said if we stole your stash, we could keep half of it and he'd give us a hundred bucks.\" \"Four crates of that shit is worth more than a hundred bucks,\" muttered Howard causing the mens' eyes to widen. \"No kidding,\" muttered the short one, eyeing the clear jars. He whistled. \"Well, boys, looks like we've been swindled.\" \"You don't have a name,\" repeated Forrest. He dropped the knuckles into his pocket and shuffled forward. \"But you must've been meeting him somewhere later, to get your payment and to give him his cut of the liquor. So here's what's going to happen. You're gonna put my product back in my shed, you're gonna hand over ten dollars to pay for a new lock, and you're gonna tell me when and where you were meeting that fella, and only once you do that will we let you leave unharmed.\" The short one bowed up, his nostrils flaring. \"Now, just who the fuck do you thi-\" \"Or,\" Forrest swiftly cut him off, his eye narrowing. \"You could not do this and mouth off. Maybe try to put up a fight. But that'll only end with each of you bloodied and limp on the side of the road, dead to the world. It's your choice.\" Howard swallowed. \"Yeah, I'd choose real carefully if I was you.\" There came a still beat, the trio weighing their odds, before one without the knife finally nodded. \"Deal.\" Their home was empty, the trouble finally settling down for the night. Everything was locked up and as Ellie May prepared for bed, she sought out her husband. He was in the sitting room, frozen on the couch gazing out the window with a stormy glare. She came up behind him and placed her hand on his shoulder, giving a light squeeze. \"I've got a bad feeling about this, Forrest,\" she said softly. The thieves had given Forrest an address for an abandoned filling station outside of Montgomery County where they were supposed to meet the thug who'd hired them at noon the following day. Tomorrow, when the sun was at its highest peak in the sky, the city slicker would be at the old filing station, only it wasn't the trio of hired goons who would be meeting him. It would be the often rumored about Bondurant brothers and their partners in shine. And, as Ellie May had said, she had a terrible feeling about the whole affair. \"I know it's foolish to ask, but is there any way you'd let the Sheriff handle this?\" For a moment, Forrest reverted back to his former self – the passive, silent Forrest. Then, he slowly lifted his hand to place it on top of hers, their wedding rings glimmering in the moonlight that spilled through the window. \"I'm shutting the place down tomorrow. I want you to go to the farm. Spend the day there…least until we get back.\" Sighing, Ellie May conceded. There was no point in fighting a losing battle. All was quiet for several beats of time, both lost in their private thoughts, and when Ellie May began to run her fingers affectionately through his hair, Forrest leaned into her touch, relishing the tender feeling. She gave a playful tug at the thick, dark strands. \"'Bout time you're due for a haircut.\" Again, Forrest remained silent and a gentle frown dipped Ellie May's lips. She slipped her hand underneath his chin and pushed up, forcing his head back. Her eyes bore into him as she stroked her finger across Forrest's clouded brow. \"I don't like this...I don't like you being so distracted from me.\" Forrest felt his face instantly soften. He didn't like it either. Suddenly feeling very guilty, Forrest patted his lap and when she sat on his knee, he pulled her flush against his chest. He muttered an apology against her hair and tenderly kissed her temple. She turned in his lap to face him, her legs spilling over onto the couch cushion beside him. Their noses brushed, Ellie May's hair falling forward to tickle his face. He cupped her cheek, stroking his thumb across her pale skin, before his fingers trailed south to push her dress off of her shoulder. He brought his lips to her collarbone, sweeping gentle kisses across her shoulder and neck, repeatedly muttering, \"I'm sorry.\" He abruptly lifted his face and drew her mouth to his own. He kiss was fierce. \"From now on you've got my full attention.\" Ellie May's heart fluttered. \"Now, that sounds more like it.\" Forrest tightened his grasp around her and stood. He carried her to their room like she was weightless, and to him she practically was. Carrying her was nothing compared to tossing two hundred pound bales of hay from the loft in his father's barn, or dragging a four hundred pound tree halfway down the mountain. He placed her gently at the foot of their bed and pressed a lingering kiss to her forehead. Wordlessly, Ellie May tugged his shirt free from the band of his pants and slowly went about undoing the buttons. As she did so, she subconsciously began to bite her lip and the sight made Forrest's chest tighten. How could he be distracted by anything but her? Once the buttons of his shirt were completely unfastened, Ellie May set about freeing him from his dungarees and then slid back on the bed. She studied her husband, chewing her bottom lip, and wiggled her finger at him – an invitation. Forrest took a knee on the bed and hovered over her. She gazed up at him, running her fingers lightly up and down his chest. Raising up on her elbows, she moved to kiss him but Forrest eased her back down. He licked his lips, his voice rumbling deep in his chest as he demanded, \"Tell me what you want, Ellie May.\" Ellie May couldn't suppress the shiver that danced across her skin. \"I want…\" She took a deep breath. \"I want you.\" Again, she rose and again Forrest kept her at bay. \" How do you want me?\" Oh, God. Her stomach tightened. The look in Forrest's eyes was nearly paralyzing. Ellie May had never felt anything like it before. It was different than the other times they'd made love. This wasn't love or exploration or the desperate need to please each other. This was lust, pure and simple. An animalistic, primal desire. \"I want you inside me,\" she whispered, unabashed. Her knees tightened on either side of his hips and when he made no move to take her, Ellie May narrowed her gaze and growled, \" Now .\" An overly satisfied grin nearly split Forrest's face in two. \"Yes ma'am,\" he purred, before crashing his lips to hers. IMPORTANT : I wrote a scene that takes place after Forrest starts selling the liquor at The County Line but I couldn't figure out how to fit it into the story so I've posted it as a companion piece one-shot called Overtime at The County Line . Check it out! Thank you so, so, so much to everyone who reviewed the last chapter! Your response was so positive! I can't tell you guys how excited I was that you liked it! A big thanks go out to two of the guest reviewers (one of which signed Joe D. ) for your feedback about the way the story is progressing. From what I gathered, some have turned off of the story because it has less action and I'm really torn about that. I know the action was introduced late (but to be fair it was mostly because of Forrest's age) but I've tried to include enough action to satisfy both those of you who want the action and those who want the fluff. And it's really quite ironic because this chapter pretty much begins the major, ending conflict of the story which is going to be very action packed. Also, I know this story is centered around Ellie May and Forrest's relationship and it's because their love is what makes the ending so huge. So, that being said, I hope that entices you enough to stick around and see what happens. Either way, I'm pleased with where the story is and I'm very excited to see how you guys react to the ending. We've still got another fifteen or so chapters but like I said, this pretty much kick-starts the events that lead up to the end. Until next time, love![Chapter 28] I know it's been a while – school has been insane. But this is the last week and then finals and I'm done! Thank you guys so much for your patience! Your reviews, as they always are, are wonderful and amazing and so encouraging! A major thanks to those of you who have continued to support this story. And to those of you who are new to the family, welcome! Those of you who have been wondering when this chapter would be out can thank they lovely Ms. Tarafina. Her wave of reviews woke up my muses and made me sit down and find the time to get this one to you all. This chapter is dedicated to her. (At least, I assume you're a her...if not, I'm so sorry.) As always, I hope you enjoy. Chapter Twenty-Seven Ellie May hated waiting. On the Bondurant farm for the day, she was thankful there were a million and one things to do to keep her busy. Things to keep her distracted. She and Emmy tended to the animals since Jack was now working in the fields. Then, she gathered all the sheets in the house for a washing. After the laundry was hung out to dry, she helped Emmy patched up a few rips and replace a few buttons on some of their more worn clothing. But as the hands on the clock above the stove ticked forward toward twelve, the knots in Ellie May's stomach grew. And when the fatal hour struck, Ellie May found it difficult to breathe and hastily excused herself, ignoring Emmy's concerned gaze. \"Damn it, Forrest,\" she panted, struggling for air as she slumped down onto the steps of the front porch. She gathered her face in her hands and willed herself not to cry. \"Lord, please let them be okay.\" The screen door creaked behind her and Ellie May wiped at her misty eyes – just in case a few tears had leaked. She cleared her throat. \"Emmy, I told you I'm fine. Go on back inside and finish lunch. Cricket and Jack'll be comin' in any minute now.\" \"They already are. Emmy's feeding 'em now.\" \"Papa!\" She turned with surprise to face her father-in-law. \"I didn't know you were home. I thought you were down at the general store. Have you been here all this time?\" \"Sure have,\" he nodded slowly. He dropped down onto the step beside her, his coveralls dirty around the knees. \"I've been out in the fields with the boys…my son wanted me to stay close to the house today. Stay close to you. Got any idea why he'd want that?\" Ellie May shrugged. \"Forrest does a lot of things I'm not real sure about. Did he tell you about the near robbery? I reckon he's a bit worried they might come back but…but I don't know why they'd come here. He's just being silly, I suppose… You know Forrest, he likes to worry…\" \"Sounds like somebody else I know.\" Papa nudged her knee with his own. \"Yes, but I have reason to.\" \"I bet Forrest feels the same way.\" \"I reckon…\" Ellie May sighed. She passed Papa a weary smile. \"Let's just hope they come back in one piece.\" Pain exploded across Howard's jaw. Shit. Sounded like a few teeth cracked. There came another strike to his face, followed immediately by a blow to his gut. Any other man would've doubled over from the force of the hit to his midsection but the eldest Bondurant brother merely grunted, his middle clenching in pain. A growl tore through the back of his throat and he saw red. But I reckon' we're gettin' ahead of ourselves here. That morning just after sunrise the Bondurant brothers and their band of loyal partners in shine, Tom, Danny, and, this time, even good ole Everett, loaded up two trucks and made their way across the county line. They headed north. Their destination, if you'll recall, was an abandoned filling station in Montgomery County. Though none of them had ever been to the old station, they figured they could find it easy enough. Danny had driven by it a few times on his way to Pennsylvania to visit his grandfather, saw it nestled in a thicket of pines off of a weaving dirt road. Their plan was to get their early and surround the station. With their pistols tucked into the band of their dungarees, they would wait in the brush and woods, crouched, hidden. They would watch and see how heavily armed these chicken-shit city slickers were, the ones who paid those three jackasses to rob them of their liquor, and hope that they had come prepared for the fight they knew was inevitable. Kneeling in the underbrush, the bulk of his weight resting on the heels of his feet, Forrest felt like grumbling from the pure uncomfortableness of the situation. He hated crouching there like a no'count shit. Like he had done something wrong. But Forrest saw the necessity of it. He had a wife now, someone who depended upon him; he couldn't just rush into something blind and unprepared. And so he waited. The long-barreled .38 pressed along his thigh and the ever present brass knuckles in his pocket made Forrest hyperaware of his surroundings, aware that the sun was approaching its highest point in the sky. The city slickers would be arriving any minute. When the dull rumble of duel car engines hit his ears, Tom Cundiff whistled from his spot, a low, single-note. This was it. Twin Fords hummed over the way and pulled into the deserted station, one after the other. From within the two vehicles, six men emerged. They were dressed in long, dark coats with hats pulled high over their foreheads, their thin mustaches drooping around their lips. One was lipping a cigar and slammed the car door behind him. \"Where the fuck are they? You told them twelve o'clock sharp, yeah?\" \"Yeah, I told 'em,\" one of the men replied. \"They should be here.\" \"Well, I don't see 'em. Do any of you's see 'em?\" There came a chorus of no 's and the big wig took a quick puff off his cigar before tossing it to the dirt. \"I didn't fucking think so. So, where the fuck are they?\" Danny Mitchel leveled his shotgun across the fallen tree trunk in front of him and suddenly he wasn't in Virginia anymore. He was in Orléans, France. And he wasn't holding his father's weathered shot-gun. He was poised with his United States military issued army rifle. He caught Howard's knowing eye. The old friends shared a brief but intense stare before the Bondurant man tilted his head forward. It was a motion so precise that if Danny hadn't been looking for it he would've missed it. But he was looking for it. Danny squeezed the trigger. The loud shot that rang through the warm country air had the desired effect and each city slicker jerked in surprise, dropping to the ground and withdrawing their own pistols. Now that they had their weapons on display, Forrest could see just how evenly numbered they were. He bellowed, \"Alright, now! Pistols on the ground now !\" The men in long coats teetered on their overly expensive shoes, eyes furiously scanning the trees. They cocked their pistols but weren't sure where to shoot. \"And why the fuck would we do that?\" shouted the man who'd been smoking the cigar, now crouched behind an open car door. \"Because we have you surrounded and if you don't, we'll shoot you dead!\" \"Why don't you come out and face us, you piece of shit?!\" Forrest glanced at the little hill that rose to the east of the station. He nodded at Everett and a second shot pierced the air. The men from the city turned and fired blindly into the forest, but Everett was safely tucked behind a fat stump, and when the men realized their efforts were fruitless, their leader spat at the ground and grumbled, \"This is what you get for workin' with fuckin' hillbillies…\" He glanced at his boys and sneered, \"Alright, fine! We'll put 'em down on your word that you ain't gonna shoot us, ya hear?\" \"See that box crate by the door?\" called Howard. \"Put your guns in it and set it in the middle of the road. Then, wait by the cars.\" Bitching and griping, the men did as instructed and when they'd carried out Howard's order, the man barked, \"Come on out now, you sons of bitches!\" The Bondurants and their friends waited, letting the men sweat. Then, finally, Howard stood and Danny followed suit. Then, Forrest and Tom rose to their feet as well, and Everett slowly followed. They emerged from the surrounding tree line, their guns cocked and ready, making a circle around the filling station's parking lot. The city slicker hissed and his lips curled back over his teeth, \"Ah, shit .\" \"Heard you boys was lookin' for some liquor,\" said Forrest. His voice was deep and quiet, his face as impassive as ever. His hat cast a haunting shadow over his face and the men from the city, though indignant with anger, weren't quite stupid enough not to see the danger in his calm expression. \"You sellin'?\" asked the big wig, his stare solid despite the fact that he was gazing down the barrel of Forrest's .38. \"Ain't that lucky for us. See, we were supposed to meet some fellas here. Right about now, as a matter of fact, and the bitches never showed. I suppose that's fate. You boys know what fate is, right? Divine acts of the universe and all…guess fate wanted us to buy from you, instead.\" \"We ain't sellin', shit, but by the sounds of it you're speakin' it,\" muttered Howard, squinting from the sun. The city slicker smiled at him, a sly grin akin to a fox or wolf, \"Ain't that a shame. Looks like we're going home thirsty, boys.\" \"You ain't goin' anywhere,\" announced Howard. His little brother meandered forward until the barrel of his gun was pressed into the man's shoulder. Forrest's brow clouded as he asked, \"You think we wouldn't recognize you?\" Forrest knew the moment the men climbed from the car who they were. He might not remember the names but Forrest never forgot a face. These were the same bunch of hot shots who stormed into his restaurant all those months ago demanding to be given a cut of his profit. They were from some big city – a mob city like Chicago or Detroit. And were probably involved in all kinds of racket. If only Forrest could remember that son of a bitch's name… To his credit, the city slicker's eyes barely flickered in fear or shock as the gun brushed his coat. He pursed his lips. \"I don't quite know what you mean, seein' as how we've never met before. I'm sure I wouldn't forget such fine company.\" \"I don't appreciate your attitude,\" snarled Howard. \"Appreciate this.\" The man brought up his hand and raised his middle finger. \"You cousin-fucking hillbilly.\" Forrest sighed, lowered his pistol, and stepped to the side just in time for his older brother to tackle the big mouthed man from the city. The man swung wildly, striking Howard across the shoulder before Howard caught him in the nose. They tussled for a moment, the man getting in a few lucky blows to Howard's face. But soon Howard had enough. With a single punch, the man was out cold. Still, the oldest Bondurant delivered three swift punches to the man's face for good measure. When he stood, he caught Forrest's blank stare and tried to bring himself to feel ashamed. But then he saw Danny's pearly white grin and just couldn't do it. \"Yeah, alright,\" murmured Forrest. He uncocked his pistol and stuffed it back in the band of his dungarees. He pointed at the unconscious man and pinned the five remaining city slickers with a hard stare, \"What's his name? He the one in charge?\" The men were silent. They passed frantic, uncertain glances at one another, but still their lips remained shut. Howard cracked his knuckles, Tom and Danny bowing up at his sides as Everett stood off to the side quickly hugging the shotgun from The County Line. \"I asked you a question,\" said Forrest. \"And I ain't gone ask again.\" One of the men, who was shorter than most of the bunch, took a half-step forward and cleared his throat. \"Keller…'is name is Keller.\" Forrest nodded, rumbling in the back of his throat. The name sounded familiar but he knew it wasn't right. \"Who's Mr. Keller workin' for?\" \"If I tell you that, I'm a dead man.\" \"Yeah…yeah, I know how that goes,\" sighed Forrest. He slipped his hand into his pocket and loosely fingered the brass knuckles. He thought about getting home to Ellie May. \"But, you see, sometimes we make decisions in life, things that might not have been so smart, and sooner or later we gone have to pay for those decisions.\" Forrest pointed at their unconscious leader. \"He decided to smart off to my brother here…and you're gonna decided to tell me just who the fuck you're working for and what they want with my business.\" A muscle in the stranger's jaw twitched and he glanced at his comrades. Slowly, his head shook. \"I can't do that.\" \"Well,\" Forrest murmured. \"Let's see if we can't change your mind.\" When sunset came and went without word from Forrest or Howard, Ellie May's stomach took a turn for the worst. Her imagination began to do awful things. And when the rest of the family turned in for the night, Ellie May found herself out of distractions. She curled up in the rocking chair by the kitchen window, the same rocking chair that was a favorite of Dorothy Bondurant once upon a time. As she sat watching the wind pass through the treetops by the road, she thought about how Mama Bondurant would sit for hours by that very window, endlessly rolling cigarettes and gazing longingly toward the mountain. \"Damn it, Forrest,\" she whispered, fingers reaching to graze the glass plane. Her bottom lip began to pout and she sighed deeply, the hands on the clock continuing to spin forward. It wasn't until just after three that morning that a pair of headlights could be seen peeking through the trees. Half asleep, Ellie May rose from the rocking chair and burst out the front door. Before Forrest could so much as park the truck, Ellie May came flying off the porch and into his arms. \"Are you hurt? Was anyone hurt? Did you find them? What di-\" \"Ellie,\" Forrest cut her off. \"I just…I need a moment before you…before we get into all of it.\" All of it? Well, that didn't sound too promising. But Ellie May understood and was content to simply have him in her arms, seemingly unharmed. Her arms tight around his neck, she drew away slightly to study her husband's face. He looked about as exhausted as she felt. Stroking his cheek, she suggested that they stay at the farm tonight and tugged him inside. They settled on the couch in the family room by the stove. Their arms around one another, Ellie May pressed her face into Forrest's chest. \"Now don't this feel familiar…?\" \"Mhmm.\" A murmur of agreement rumbled in the back of his throat. Running his fingers through her hair, Forrest kissed the crown of her head and took a deep breath. She smelled so sweet. Her dark hair fell between his fingers and as he twirled a thin lock of it, he swallowed, \"You gone ask?\" \"I thought I'd give you a minute to calm down.\" A smile twitched the edge of his lips. He pressed a kiss into her hair once more and then pulled back, turning her in his lap so he could look her in the eye. Forrest trailed his forefinger down the curve of her face. \"I love you, Ellie.\" She smiled softly back at him, her hands curled against his chest. \"I love you, too, Forrest.\" They were quite for a moment before Ellie May sighed and nodded. \"Alright, out with it.\" \"We're fine. Danny 'bout broke his hand but he's alright. Tommy, Everett, they're fine. And, hell, you know, Howard…but, uh…things ain't lookin' too good, Ellie. Do you remember that day a bunch of them big wigs from the city came to the restaurant?\" Ellie May vaguely recalled that day. A bunch of slick lookin' slim-balls in long coats and crisp hats barged into The County Line like they was runnin' the place. Ellie May remembered thinking it was going to come to blows but with a few words from Forrest, they high tailed it outta there without so much as a fuss. \"Turns out they weren't quite satisfied with our first encounter,\" scoffed Forrest. \"That man-\" His lips curled in repugnance as he spat the man's name. \"- Vaught , he's the one that paid those three to rob us last night. Apparently, he's got this whole outfit up in Detroit and they wanna get in on this mess.\" \"Get in on it? You mean they wanna take over?\" Forrest nodded. \"Yeah. Think they can come in and run things 'cause they talk fast and wear shoes that cost more money than makes any kind of sense.\" \"What did y'all do?\" asked Ellie May breathlessly, fingers tugging at his collar. Forrest answered as simply as he could. \"We sent them a message.\" They were ducking through the briars and underbrush of Smith Mountain when they spotted it – a shiny golden, brown hair peeking out beneath a cluster of honeysuckles. Cricket whistled low, almost to himself, and smiled at his best friend. \"Lookie, here, Jack! We got ourselves a Jack Rabbit, I bet.\" The youngest Bondurant boy mirrored his best pal's grin and motioned widely with his arms. \"Cricket, you go around the back here and I'll go forward 'round that tree. We'll trap it between us, alright?\" \"Sure thing, Jack.\" With a nod, Jack looped around the front. His steps were careful. They didn't want to scare away their prize. But when Jack finally came full circle, his steps faltered, bile rising in the back of his throat as he gazed upon a pair of naked, dirty, human feet. \"Shit,\" he gasped, swiping his hat off his head and clutching it to his chest as if it could calm his frantically beating heart. \"Cricket, that ain't no rabbit…\" They had found a human body. A dead, human body. p.s. I expect that I'll have another chapter out in a two or three days! Maybe that'll make up for the big gaps in updates here lately.[Chapter 29] Somehow two or three days turned into ten. Finals, right? So sorry. A major thanks to: Jamie, Joe D., Not. So. Typical. Girl., Anissa990, 26HR, KaicherAlfstan, sunshine97, Dasiygirl95, Kay1104, Tarafina, Erin, RW, Stephanie, MulishaMaiden, rilo, Mo4565, and all of you who review under Guest. You're all awesome and your kind words are what drive this story forward! Chapter Twenty-Eight Ellie May wasn't quite sure how it had happened. She was just going to take him a drink and get back out on the floor. They were particularly crowded that day, and Abigail was swamped out front. But one minute Ellie May was handing Forrest a cup of coffee and the next she was straddling him in his desk chair, her dress pooled around her hips. They were rocking together slowly, Ellie May practically gnawing off her lip to keep from screaming out in pleasure. \"Shit, Forrest,\" she hissed, her back arching as he found that sensitive spot inside her. He was gripping her hips like they were the only thing holding him to the earth, his fingers roughly digging into her soft flesh. His face was burrowed into her chest, her breasts muffling his own delightful moans. When they came together, they slumped back in Forrest's chair a sweaty, panting mess. As her sense of ecstasy gradually faded, Ellie May returned to reality and began to blush like wild. \"You don't think anyone heard us, do you?\" Forrest found that he didn't particularly care if anyone had heard. He supposed he should have. Love making was something private, something to be kept between a husband and wife. Not to mention this was his place of business. But as Ellie May curled against his chest, her face flushed, her eyes dilated with passion and lust, Forrest kinda wanted every damn body to know that she was so sated because of him. He wanted every man in the entire state to know they would never do that to her. She was his. \"Forrest?\" \"Hmm?\" he grunted, slightly startled to realize that Ellie May was no longer in his lap but on her knees in front of him, peering up at him through her long eye lashes. He fought a smile. \"Whatchu doin', Ellie?\" She tugged his dungarees further down his thighs and whispered, \"I think you know what I'm doin'…\" And then she took him in her mouth. Half an hour later, Abigail watched her employer's wife emerge from the kitchen with a scarlet face. A smirk on her face, the older woman swatted Ellie May's hip. \"Thought you done ran off on me.\" \"Sorry. Um, I was…a bit preoccupied. Forrest needed something.\" \"Mhmm, I bet he did.\" Ellie May's eyes became saucers at Abigail's gentle teasing. The waitress sent her a wink and murmured, \"Don't worry about it, sweetie. Every new couple goes through this phase.\" \"Are you sure cau-\" began Ellie May, but the roar of the restaurant was too loud to combat so she grabbed Abigail's wrist and lead her through the kitchen to the storage room. Plopping down on an overturned box crate, Ellie May hid her face in her hands out of embarrassment. \"I can't control myself, Abbey. I-I don't know what to do. Is this normal? I mean, does this happen to other women?\" \"If the sex is good…\" \"Abigail!\" \"Well, you asked,\" Abigail grinned. But she could see Ellie May's true concern and crossed the storage room to kneel beside her on the floor. She placed a hand on Ellie May's knee to steady herself and sighed, \"Honey, honestly, you ain't got nothin' to worry about. It's natural for a married woman to have sex with her husband. And if you weren't attracted to him, well, hell, that'd be cause for concern.\" \"But this much? I can barely control myself around him and don't even get me started on my thoughts.\" Every second of every minute, Ellie May could think of sex and sex only. She was so lust driven that her and Forrest were having sex two, sometimes three times a night. And when they weren't in bed, she was undressing him with her eyes. At first, she blamed it on being new to sex and recently married. According to Abigail, all newlyweds went through it, but Ellie May was having her doubts. \"How long has it been like this? We're y'all…you know, before the wedding?\" Ellie May gasped. \"No! Not once! I swear. We waited. And…well, I mean it was great. Better than great but I could still handle myself. It just seems like the longer we're together the crazier for him I get.\" \"Oh, no…oh, honey!\" squealed Abigail. \"I know what's wrong. Hell, ain't nothin' wrong. I was the same way with all three of my children.\" Once more, Ellie May's eyes grew wide. \"You do what with your children?!\" Abigail rolled her eyes. \"When I was pregnant! I was hot as a Texas drought when I was pregnant with my yougins. That's probably all it is, honey. You're fine.\" \"Wait,\" Ellie May's heart fluttered. \"You don't mean…you don't think I'm…?\" \"Sweetheart, I don't think it. I know it. You are pr-\" \"What the hell y'all doin' back here?\" The women's heads snapped toward the back door where Howard Bondurant stood, his brow furrowed. Ellie May leapt up from the crate. \"Nothing! Talking. It's woman stuff. Get out of here, Howard.\" Howard peered at her curiously but slowly lifted his hands in mock surrender. \"Shit, I was just askin'.\" The oldest Bondurant left the women and lumbered through the kitchen to Forrest's office. Not bothering to knock, he pushed on in and dropped down onto an empty chair in the corner. \"Yeah, so, Gummy's sick. Sorry piece of shit caught pneumonia or some horseshit. I don't know why we keep him around.\" Forrest did not reply. His brother knew why they needed Gummy. They needed another body, pure and simple. Gummy was good at taking orders. He'd stay overnight at the stills for a month if they told him to and he kept his mouth shut. \"Who's staying at the stills tonight?\" asked Forrest. \"Tom's at the one on Turkeycock Mountain. Gummy was gonna stay at the other but now he's actin' all pathetic…it's time, Forrest. You need to get Everett involved. He's a good kid. We know we can trust him-\" Forrest swiftly cut Howard off, \"I done told you, Everett is not gettin' involved in this racket any more than he already is.\" \"Shit, Forrest, you just want him here so he can watch over Ellie May.\" Forrest clenched his teeth. \"You know why.\" Howard sighed. \"Yeah, I know.\" Though things had been quiet lately, the Bondurant brothers knew it was only a matter of time before their friends from Detroit were heard from again. Leaving Ellie May alone was a risk Forrest was simply not willing to take. Besides, like Howard said, Everett was a good kid. He was too good for the mess they were dealin' with and Forrest wasn't going to be the one responsible for ruinin' the boy's life. No. Forrest's mind was made up. Everett had about as good a chance of joining their shine business as Jack did. Jack's first instinct when he and Cricket stumbled across the dead body had been to tell his brothers; so that's exactly what he did. He left Cricket to guard the body – a move that admittedly was not the brightest, considering Cricket Pate's well known sensitivities, but Jack didn't rightly see any other options – and practically ran over the mountain to his brother's restaurant. He stumbled through the door and nearly collapsed against the bar, breathless. He offered a weak smile to Ellie May, who stood at the cash register tallying up a customer's receipt. \"Hello there,\" she cooed. \"You look positively up to no good. What'd you do?\" Ignoring her, Jack countered with his own question. \"Forrest around? Or Howard?\" She eyed him suspiciously, then jerked her chin toward the kitchen. \"They're out back. Wha-\" But he was gone before she could finish. \"Well, hello to you, too…\" \"Forrest! Howard!\" shrieked Jack as he burst out the back door of the restaurant. His brothers were making their way back and forth between the storage shed and Danny Mitchell's truck, their arms burdened by wooden crates stacked full of mason jars. \"Hey there, kid,\" Howard grunted, dropping a load onto the truck. Forrest was less congenially, eyeing his little brother. \"Whatchu doin' here, Jack? You and Cricket get finished in the fields?\" Today was the final day of the tobacco harvest and Forrest knew their father was counting on the crop. But Jack merely nodded and struggled to get a full lung's worth of breath. \"Shit, y'all ain't gone believe what me and Cricket done found.\" Jack led his brothers up Smith Mountain to where he'd left Cricket and the unknown body. Cricket looked positively ghost-like, having turned a great deal paler than he normally was at being left alone with a dead body. His chin quivering, he muttered as his best friend reached his side, \"You should'a seen it, Jack. A big, ole fat beetle crawled straight into his mouth and there're worms buggin' 'round his feet.\" \"Get away from there, Cricket,\" barked Howard. He motioned for Cricket and Jack to back away from the body and itch further up the mountain as Forrest bent to reveal the body's face, hidden from a cluster of honeysuckles. Forrest pulled back the low-hanging limbs and peered hard. \"Shit,\" hissed Howard. \"You recognize him?\" \"Yeah,\" nodded Howard, dragging a hand across eyes. \"That's Willard Tate.\" Forrest started. \"Sophia's husband?\" Sophia was their cousin; their momma's youngest sister, Thelma, lived just over the county line and three years ago her daughter Sophia and Sophia's husband, Willard, had moved to Blackwater. Willard had gotten a job on Calvin Lester's farm seein' as how Calvin didn't have any sons to work for him. Though they weren't particularly close to their cousin and her husband, it had still been nice seeing them at county events like the annual wood choppin' at the Jamison farm or the corn shuckin' at the Mitchell's place. \"That's Sophia's husband?\" Jack echoed his older brother. \"Hot sucks!\" \"Shut your trap, Jack,\" snapped Howard. \"You and Cricket go on now. Go home.\" \"Now, hang on! We're the ones that found him!\" bellowed Jack, the tops of his ears turning a brilliant shade of red. \"You can't jus-\" Forrest rose to his feet, the honeysuckle falling back over Willard's face. \"Jack, don't argue. Do what you're told. Go on. You, too, Cricket. We'll handle this.\" \"And don't go runnin' your mouths, either,\" demanded Howard. \"This ain't fair-!\" roared Jack but Cricket cut him off with a shaky elbow to his best friend's side, \"Hush, Jack. You heard 'em. Let 'em handle it.\" \"No! We found him! You can't just-\" \"Jack,\" warned Forrest, his voice low and barely audible over the slight hum of wind sweeping over the mountain. \"Go home. Now .\" \"This ain't fucking fair, Forrest,\" growled Jack, his eyes misting over despite his efforts to keep them dry. He wasn't crying, exactly. But he was just so frustrated. \"I ain't a little boy no more, Forrest,\" he muttered bitterly as he and Cricket began to retreat down the mountain. He felt so betrayed. Forrest was supposed to be on his side. That's how it had always worked. It was him and Forrest against the world – always had been. But now it seemed like Forrest was goin' off with Howard more and more. Cricket lightly nudged Jack's side, the blue pallor gradually returning to his skin. \"C'mon, Jack. I'll race ya to Wittleton Road.\" With one final glare toward his older brothers, Jack slung his arm around Cricket's shoulders and mumbled, \"Yeah, let's get outta here.\" As the youngsters gradually trickled down the mountain, Howard shuffled toward the body. Using the toe of his boot, he nudged Willard's bare feet. \"Whatta ya think got him?\" Once more, Forrest pulled the honeysuckle limbs away to reveal the dark burgundy stain on Willard's shirt. \"I reckon that.\" \"Shot?\" \"Stabbed, I think.\" \"Son of a bitch,\" grumbled Howard. His brother sighed, \"Yep…I wonder how long he's been here.\" Kneeling, Howard observed the dryness of Willard's lips and the absolute lack of color in his cheeks. He rummaged around in the dirt until he found Willard's hand among the leaves. His fingers were ice cold. Over the years Howard had seen his fair share of dead bodies, mostly in the war, and he'd developed a sort of sixth sense. \"One, maybe two days.\" \"Yeah, alright.\" Forrest cleared his throat. \"Look, I'ma go into town and get the sheriff. Find Sophia, will ya? Tell her what happened to him.\" \"Why I gotta be the one to tell her?\" grunted Howard. There were two things Howard just plain hated in this world: cowards and emotional women. \"Cause I'd rather you try dealing with her than with Pete.\" \"I ain't got a problem with the sheriff,\" Howard argued. \"Yeah, but the first thing he's gonna suggest when we go reportin' a dead body is that we're the ones that done it.\" \"Not if the dead body's practically our family.\" Forrest eyed his older brother silently. Finally, Howard scoffed and kicked at the dirt, \"Yeah, alright. Fine. Piss…how am I supposed to find her anyhow?\" \"Last I heard they were living in Butler's Cabin behind Lester's property.\" \"The one on that cut-through road? Yeah, I know where that is…hey, you reckon Ellie May would go with me? Maybe she can help break the news easier.\" Forrest cut his eyes at Howard. \"Why don't you take your wife?\" \"Lucy can't handle these kinds'a things, you know that. She's worse than Cricket!\" \"Aw, hell, Howard, you're just makin' excuses.\" \"Will she go, though?\" \"You know she will. But you better ask nicely. Howard, I ain't kiddin'. I'm sick of listening to y'all two bicker because you antagonize her.\" \"Antagonize, shit, Forrest, I don't even know what that means.\" Forrest rolled his eyes. \"Don't play stupid with me, Howard.\" Howard scoffed, grinning. \"I ain't playin'.\" Sheriff Pete Hodges was a round, usually jolly man. He and his deputies normally avoided The County Line restaurant, not even acknowledging its existence, and Forrest knew this was because they did not want to disturb the dynamic machinery of illicit booze that kept Franklin County a float. And because they were afraid. As Forrest pushed open the door to the sheriff's office, he could only imagine how the sheriff would react to his presence. The jovial man glanced up from a stack of paperwork as Forrest entered and stood, greeting Forrest with a wide smile. \"Forrest Bondurant, this is a surprise. What can I do for you?\" The sheriff's cheerful disposition quickly disappeared as Forrest relayed the situation on Smith Mountain, blurring the details about who exactly found the body so as to keep Jack and Cricket off the law's radar. When Forrest and Sheriff Hodges arrived at Smith Mountain, a young coroner hot on their trail, they saw that Howard had already returned. And he wasn't alone. \"I'm sorry, Forrest, we tried to stop her,\" explained Ellie May as she rubbed the shoulders of Forrest's sobbing cousin, Sophia. \"But she wouldn't listen. Once Howard let it slip that Willard's body was on the mountain, there was no stopping her.\" Forrest shot Howard a disapproving glance and Howard didn't even bother to defend himself. He simply gave a lame shrug and muttered, \"I know…\" \"Ma'am, I'm sorry, but we're gonna have to ask you to step away so we can have Mr. Dylan, here, examine the body,\" murmured Sheriff Hodges, his hat clutched to his chest as he spoke to the grieving widow. \"Sophia, come on,\" Ellie May gently prodded, tugging softly at the woman's shaking frame. Sophia jerked away a few times before consenting to the request, practically launching herself into Ellie May's arms. They collapsed back into a pile of leaves, Sophia's hysterical cries muffled by Ellie May's hair. Forrest winced. It wasn't right, a woman having to wail like that over the body of the man she loved. Ellie May wasn't ever gonna let Ellie May see him like that, the good Lord willin'. The coroner examined the wound on Willard's stomach and surveyed his eyes and the inside of his mouth, muttering every few seconds to himself. As he did so, the sheriff approached Sophia like she was a skittish colt, ready to buck if he made too much noise. \"Mrs. Tate, I hate to ask, but do you know anyone who would want to do this to your husband? Did Willard have any enemies?\" \"E-enemies?\" Sophia hiccupped, her blonde hair matted to her cheeks, slick from tears. \"No! This isn't a western, sheriff. Willard never did nothin' to nobody! He was a good man, a-always done right by us.\" \"Us?\" A muscle twitched in Forrest's jaw. \"They have a little boy, Morris.\" \"You rest assured, ma'am. We're going to do everything in our power to bring to justice whoever did this. We will find him,\" said the sheriff solemnly, before he was call away by the coroner. \"I can promise you one thing, Soph,\" muttered Howard as the sheriff retreated. \"If they don't find who killed Willard, we will.\" Ellie May pulled her sweater higher on her shoulders as she finished shelling two buckets of pecans on the porch. The sky had been due to break all morning and as another batch of dry lighting lite up the evening sky she figured it was time to head on inside. A bucket under each arm, she kicked the door open with the toe of her shoe and waded on into the kitchen. She was going to baked a few pecan pies, one for Emmy, Jack, and Papa, another to send up to Lucy in Penbrook, and one for her and Forrest to keep. As she set about making the pie crust, Forrest emerged from the back, his hands covered with splinters. \"You about done yet?\" his wife questioned. He'd been cutting down the line of trees behind the restaurant since dawn, worried that they were too close to the building. He was concerned that if another big snow storm passed through like last winter, then the trees could crash down onto their home and kill 'em in their sleep. He'd been meaning to do it since they moved in and had just now gotten around to it. \"Yeah, I'm done. Say, Jack didn't call, did he?\" Ellie May frowned. \"No, honey, I'm sorry. He's still sore over…well…\" Forrest nodded. Jack hadn't spoken a word to him in three days, not since they found Willard's body. Forrest had been by the Bondurant farm twice since and tried to get Jack to at least sling a few curse words at 'em. But he was ultimately unsuccessful. His brother was firmly silent. \"Give him a few more days. He'll come around. Is the sheriff any closer to figuring out what happened?\" \"Hell, no. Pete is a good man but he's a shit detective. Howard's growin' antsy. If they don't figure somethin' out soon, Howard's gonna start investigating on his own.\" Ellie May withheld a sigh. \"I can only imagine how well that will go…so, um, I've got my appointment with Dr. Cobbs tomorrow. You're still coming with me, right?\" \"Of course,\" replied Forrest. He wiped his hands on a dish rag, shaking off the last remnants of tree bark, to loop his arms around his wife's midsection. His chin on her shoulder, his hands rested on the softness of her belly. He stroked his thumb over her dress. \"You really think…?\" he began, but couldn't bring himself to finish. Hope burned inside him, a brilliant, pure light, illuminating his very soul. Forrest knew he shouldn't get his hopes up but when Ellie May confessed her suspicions that she might be pregnant, Forrest was an instant goner. He'd never felt so happy in his entire life. \"I think so,\" she smiled softly, placing her delicate hands over his own. The heat from his palms radiated through her dress and the warmth made her chest tightened. She loved him so much. \"I don't know how to explain it, but I just…I feel it. I don't mean I feel the baby. I just…I feel like it's real, like it's happening. You know?\" Forrest grinned and shook his head, honestly, \"No…\" \"Oh, shut up,\" Ellie May gave a quiet laugh and slapped his hand playfully. He pressed a kiss into her hair, just above her ear. \"I sure do love you, Ellie May.\" And she smiled, a smile so wide it threatened to slip clean off her face, and replied, \"I love you, too, Forrest. Always have and I always will…unless you forget to refill the coffee pot again. Then, we might have to talk.\" We covered a lot of ground in this one. It's a lot to digest, I know. And for those of you who enjoy the action driven parts of this story, don't worry! Just because there might be a baby joining the family soon doesn't mean the story is going to slow down. Not one bit. Promise. Anyhoo, I hope you guys enjoyed this one. And if not, let me know why. Also, if there is anything you guys ever want to see or something you have questions about, don't be afraid to ask. Let me know what you think![Chapter 30] So a few weeks ago a Guest reviewer commented on the brothers' relationships in this story saying: There hasn't seemed to be too much bonding time with jack yet and in the movie and story they are extremely close. Well, that's very true and I knew at some point I was going to have to develop that closeness but, until this review, I didn't realize that I was running out of time to do so. That being said, I tried to focus a lot on Jack and Forrest's relationship in this one, and less on his relationship with Howard. Dear said Guest reviewer: I hope you like it! Chapter Twenty-Nine \"I can't believe you're honestly doing this with everything that's going on. You know Hodges ain't got a lick of sense in his brain and him and those damn deputies ain't gettin' shit done when it comes to finding who done in Willard,\" Howard rattled on as he and Forrest gathered up the last load of cabbage from their father's field. While the two eldest boys had already left the nest, so to speak, they often returned to the farm on the weekends to help out in the fields, knowing that it was too much work for their father and youngest brother to handle alone. \"It's just been a long time since me and Ellie's done somethin' together is all,\" explained Forrest. \"S'got nothin' to do with Willard.\" \"I know what it's got to do with…now that you done found out she's pregnant, you wanna spoil her rotten,\" Howard teased, tossing a bad head of cabbage Forrest's way. Forrest dodged the flying vegetable and shot Howard a frown, despite the playfulness in his eyes. His big brother merely grinned, \"But that's fine. Take your woman out! Spoil her to death, have a good ole time. You just leave Willard's killer to me.\" \"What you ought to do is leave that to the sheriff and go spend some time with your wife. When's the last time you got up there to see Lucy?\" Howard squinted from the sun and scratched the back of his neck. \"Aw, last month.\" \" Howard ,\" Forrest sighed. \"Once a month is all me and that woman need, alright? Look, you just handle your own damn marriage and let me worry 'bout mine.\" \"Don't you reckon it's about time you stop by the cabin and let her know you ain't dead?\" \"Forrest,\" Howard pinned his brother with a serious, yet somehow silly, stare. \"That woman ain't worried about me. Hell, if she thought I was dead she'd be throwin' a party right about now.\" Forrest briefly entertained the idea of chiding Howard but merely gave a silent grin and trudged on up toward the house. The sun was at its peak in the sky but a merciful group of low hanging clouds shielded them from total exposure to the powerful rays of heat. Still, it was hotter than a stove pipe and Forrest was so sweaty that his eyes stung from it. Stopping 'round the side of the barn, he set aside his load of cabbage and peeled the shirt from his body, his suspenders hanging limp on his sides, and stuck his head under the water pump. He remained there for many moments, cooling off and basking in the beautiful summer weather. Unlike Forrest, Howard was ready to abandon the heat and escaped with his load indoors to plop down in the kitchen, his feet propped on a chair, a glass of sweat tea on his lips. He was probably going inside to bug their little sister, Forrest mused. That seemed to be Howard's favorite passed time – buggin' folks. But, like Ellie May, Howard got particularly tickled about buggin' Emmy. When asked about his knack for annoyin' the women in his life, namely Emmy, Howard would give that coyote grin, \"She's our baby sister and as her big brothers it's our duty to make her miserable sometimes. Hell, boy, don't you know that? Pretty sure that's even in the Constitution.\" \"Hey, Forrest.\" Forrest glanced up from his thoughts to see Cricket and Jack emerging from the barn, two sacks of chicken feed on hand. He nodded, \"Boys.\" It was Cricket who had spoken. Seemed Jack was still tryin' to act tough; Forrest reckoned he was still sore over the deal with Willard's body. \"Cricket,\" he said, his voice a quite rumble. \"Why don't you go on in the house and help Emmy get lunch ready? I'll finish up with Jack.\" The skinny youth glanced at his best friend and offered a sympathetic smile. He wanted to refuse, to save Jack from the uncomfortableness, but Cricket knew better than to tell Forrest Bondurant no. He tucked his bony fingers into the pockets of his coveralls, permanently greasy from all his work on engines, giving a crisp nod, \"Sure thing.\" And then he was gone, leaving Jack with both bags of feed. Forrest silently watched his little brother work for a moment. There was no missing the stiffness in Jack's shoulders, the cloudiness of his brow, the distant anger drawing his face in tight pinches, the bright tint of red on the tips of his ears, burned from too many long hours in the sun. \"Let me give you a hand with that,\" murmured Forrest as he stood. \"I got it,\" Jack snapped stiffly and, when his older brother reached for a sack of feed, he jerked away, his body freezing as he was seized by a foul anger. \"I said I got it.\" They were both very still, each waiting for the other to move. Jack, like a frightened animal, appeared ready to bolt at any second, but Forrest just calmly stared as if he expected Jack to tell him a joke or sing him a song. Eventually, the distraction of clucking chickens and heaviness of the feed sacks caused Jack's shoulder to sag. Defeated, he muttered sadly, \"Just go away, Forrest. Leave me alone.\" The middle Bondurant boy felt his chest clench. He knew Jack was mad but, gazing at his baby brother's utterly wounded expression, Forrest realized it was much more than that. Jack wasn't simply mad, he was hurt. Forrest reached once more for his brother, asking \"Jackie, what's wrong?\" only to have Jack jerk out of his reach yet again. Forrest paused. Then, he cleared his throat, squinting from the sun, and sighed. \"Yeah, alright, enough of that.\" With a fluid grace so quick Jack could do nothing but drop the bag of feed, Forrest caught him in a headlock. \"Now, I love you, Jackie. You are one of my favorite people in this whole world. You're my baby brother and you damn well know there ain't nothing I wouldn't do for you. But I am sick of your shit. You're gonna stop this bullshit right now and tell me what's bothering you.\" Growling, Jack pathetically attempted to pry himself free of his brother's iron grasp. Unfortunately for him, Jack was many things, but stronger than Forrest wasn't one of them. He tried wiggling backwards, tried pinching Forrest's arms – that got his hands slapped. He tried to go limp and surrender his weight. That stunt nearly succeeded in choking him out. \"Goddamn it, Forrest! Let me go!\" Twenty yards away, Emmy stood in the kitchen window, peering curiously out at her brothers. Ellie May drew to her side and Emmy asked, \"What are they doin'?\" Her oldest companion and sister-in-law shrugged. \"They're playin' around, I guess.\" \"I'm serious, For'est! Let. Me. Go!\" Jack grumbled, his throat growing sore. His brother's strong-hold wasn't painful, necessarily, just tight, and the move he struggled, the worse it got. \"Keep on,\" Forrest told him. \"I got all day.\" \"For-\" \"I ain't playin', Jack. You aren't going anywhere 'til you tell me what's wrong…if this is about Willard, I just didn't want you having to get mixed up with the law, is all. 'Sides, Hodges and them don't have a snowball's chance in Hell of findin' the killer. They're gone close the case. It's all about over anyhow.\" \"They are? But what about Sophia and Morris? Why-\" Jack began but he swiftly cut himself off, exclaiming, \"Aw, hell, Forrest! It ain't about Willard!\" \"Then what's it about?\" Forrest's voice had softened a degree and he finally released his brother. Instead of immediately yanking away, Jack sort of slump against the chicken coup and ran his hands through his hair. His eyes turned red and suddenly all of his hurt and anger dissolved, fizzling into embarrassment. But then, as fast as it was gone, it came right back. What should he be embarrassed? This was Forrest . His big brother, his once best friend. There was a time when they'd shared a bed and protected one another from their conspiring sisters. A time when Jack wasn't embarrassed to tell Forrest anything , when Forrest always knew the answer to his problems. Only now Forrest was the problem and that thought made him sick. \"What happened to us, Forrest?\" His brother's brow dipped in confusion, so Jack elaborated, \"You used to be my best friend but now you're…well, you're just not.\" In an instant, Forrest's impatience and irritation at Jack's recent childish behavior vanished. The unwelcome emotions evaporated and he sighed, \"Oh, Jackie…\" Motioning the mouth of the barn, Forrest followed Jack into the shade where they plopped down in the hay. Forrest's thick legs laid out in front of him, Jack's equally long legs folding beneath him. The older of the pair took off his hat and wiped the sweat from his brow and forehead. \"Jackie, I don't…what me and Ellie May have, it ain't like wh-\" \"This ain't about Ellie May.\" Jack rolled his eyes. He loved Ellie May like she was his own sister and that girl had been nothing but good for Forrest. Not to mention just about every childhood memory Jack possessed usually somehow involved Ellie May protecting him from Howard. \"Forrest you've been different for a long time, long before you and Ellie May moved out. You done grown up too fast, Forrest. You should'a slowed down with the rest of us…\" Jack could name the exact moment when Forrest began to distance himself from Jack: as soon as she recovered from the Spanish Lady Flu, the morning when his long, blue face rejoined what remained of their family at the breakfast table. Forrest had been a quiet child, prone to long bouts of silence, feeling there was nothing really to add; what more was there for him to say? This seemed to be the rule of thumb with Forrest, except for when he and Jack were alone. Many nights in their rope bed, Jack had listened as Forrest delighted him with far-fetched tales about mobsters and pirates. But after the passing of their mother and sisters, Forrest withdrew even further into his own sphere. Unlike the rest of the world, who put off becoming an adult until it was an absolutely inescapable reality, Forrest dove into adulthood head-on. He began at a young age to force the world to bend to his will. He would rise before dawn and top tobacco and pull suckers 'til lunch, then walk four miles through Snow Creek Hollow to the old lumber camp and work a crosscut saw 'til supper. The next day he would get up and do it again, seven days a week, substituting cattle work, hog butchering, haying, plowing, carpentry, all depending on the need for the labor, the season, and the paying customer. Then, Prohibition hit and Forrest let Howard drag him in to that racket. Eventually, he bought The County Line and married Ellie May. Long gone were the days when Forrest would chase Jack through the fields, hollering at the top of his lungs; long gone were the days when Forrest would push Jack on his old secondhand bicycle; long gone were the days when Forrest was still his biggest supporter. In Forrest's mind, Forrest had become a successful adult and Jack was still a child, struck by idle fancy and frozen in adolescence. Such were Jack's gifts. \"What chu mean?\" asked Forrest. He'd grown up too fast? Fishing some Virginia dust out of the corner of his eyes, Jack sighed and pinned his brother with a sad stare, and began to speak… Half an hour later, Emmy stepped onto the front porch to call Forrest and Jack in for lunch but the pair was nowhere to be seen. The young blonde chewed her lip. \"Where'd they go?\" Poking her head back inside the house, she asked her family if they'd seen the missing boys. \"Not since they were messing around in the yard,\" replied Ellie May, Cricket muttering much the same. Setting his tea aside, Howard hauled himself to his feet and snagged his hat off the counter, \"I'll go get 'em.\" It didn't take Howard long to find his brothers. A deep, full-bellied laugh drew him to the barn and there they were, cuttin' it up on a stack of hay bales. He snorted. Looks like Jack and Forrest done made up. \"What're you jackasses doin' in here? C'mon, food's ready.\" Jack turned first with a big smile, all teeth. \"Hey, Howard.\" Forrest merely nodded a greeting. The edges of his lips ghosted upward and he patted the bale of hay opposite him. \"Have a seat. We were just catchin' up. S'been a while since me and Jack got a chance to talk what with me and Ellie movin' out and with the restaurant bein' so busy.\" \"Say, Howard,\" Jack spoke excitedly. \"You doin' anything tomorrow after church? Me and Forrest were thinking about goin' fishing.\" The look on Forrest's face told him he best not decline their invitation. Honestly, it'd been a little over a year since Howard had been fishing and a nice, calm day on the lake sounded kind perfect. \"Yeah, kid, I'll go.\" Jack couldn't believe he'd been so messed up over all this just a couple of hours ago, before he and Forrest had talked. Anger? What anger? Of course Forrest was still his best friend. Of course they were only protecting him. Why hadn't he seen that before? Jack Bondurant smiled at his big brothers. All was right with the world. He'd been planning this for a few weeks now. Ever since Ellie May admitted she didn't know how to ride a horse. When they were married, her parents had been well off enough financially that they'd owned their own car – there had never been a need for horses for her family. The Bondurants' situation was similar. However, when Forrest was younger, much younger, he used to go to the rodeos with Howard in Smyrna, Tennessee, and there were plenty of farms with horses around the county. So it nearly blew his mind when he learned that his wife had never ridden one. It had taken him a while to organize. First, he had to talk to Dr. Cobbs and make sure their little activity would bring no harm to the baby. According to the Doc, Ellie May was nearly three months pregnant and doing fine, a little horseback riding wasn't going to hurt. Once Forrest knew their child would be alright, he set out to find a farm. He didn't just want to take her to any ole place; he wanted a farm with rolling hills on the mountain and a score of breathtaking trees, a place where they could watch the sun set on Franklin County. And after two weeks of searching, he'd found just the place. \"Ellie May, you remember Mr. Gautier,\" Forrest introduced his wife to the farm owner. Arnold Gautier was a pure bred Cajun who moved to Blackwater fourteen years ago after a particularly vicious hurricane destroyed his home in a New Orleans swamp. While the hurricane might've made him homeless, Charlotte Harmon was what drove him to settle in the Virginias. Charlotte was a fine example of a woman, all blonde and blue-eyed. Her daddy was a rancher from Texas and that was how Arnold got involved with horses. Arnold raised racing horses on his farm, bringing up the finest Tennessee Walking horses and American Standardbreds this side of the Mississippi. It was rumored that he'd even raised up Man O'War, a legend among the horse races who'd retired only two years ago. In twenty-one races, Man O'War only lost once and his were the records to beat. \"Ma'am,\" Arnold nodded. \"You can go on 'round back, Forrest. You know where everythang's at.\" \"What are we doing here, Forrest?\" asked Ellie May as her husband led her passed the Gautiers' farm house to the horse stables. She heard the great beasts neighing before she ever caught sight of them. Drawing in her bottom lip, Ellie May fought a smile, her stomach beginning to churn pleasantly. \"Oh, Forrest, what are you up to?\" \"Just figured it was about time you learned how to ride, is all.\" Her eyes became saucers as they entered the stables, the foul stench of horse manure slapping them in the face. \"You want me to what now?\" The horses were marvelous and ginormous. They towered over her by nearly a foot and she couldn't help but snicker to herself at their resemblance to Howard. There were seven horses in all, including one pony. They were beautiful, magnificent creatures and when Ellie May tentatively reached up to stroke the mane of the one nearest her, she never thought she'd felt anything so soft in her life. \"Forrest, they're darling…\" \"That one there is Annabelle. She's a breeder. And this here,\" Forrest clapped the cream colored and brown spotted Tennessee Walking horse beside him. \"-is Iberville.\" \"I bet he's quite the charmer,\" teased Ellie May. Forrest's eyebrows rose as he glanced suggestively towards the cream and black pony in the corner stall, \"Yeah, you can say that. Well, come on, let's go grab you a saddle.\" \"Forrest, you can't honestly expect me to hop up on a horse, now. I don't know how to saddle the poor babies, much less how to ride 'em. Besides, I don't know if this is such a good idea. What if the bab-\" \"Baby'll be fine. Doc Cobbs done said so,\" grunted Forrest as he heaved a saddle off the shelf and tossed it over Iberville's side. He made quick work of the tassels and belts before slapping a hand down on the saddlehorn. \"Alright, c'mon.\" Ellie May tucked her face into Annabel's mane, shielding herself behind the great beast. \"No, thank you.\" Forrest cut her with a droll stare. \"Ellie, you ain't got no reason to be scared. I'ma show you how to do everything and I'm goin' be right her, holding the reins the whole time.\" \"You'll walk the horse for me?\" \"The whole time,\" he repeated his promise. Nevertheless, Ellie May remained hidden behind Annabel until the horse's tail began to sway and a great burst of flies flew up from the horse's rear. Scurrying to get away from the hoard of flying insects, Ellie May surrendered herself to Forrest. \"Okay, Mr. Bondurant, show me how to ride.\" With a contented grin, Forrest showed his wife how to properly mount the saddle and helped her do so. Once she was firmly seated on Iberville, her face nervous but excited all at the same time, Forrest paused for a moment to let her absorb. \"It's so high,\" she whispered. \"Is this what you and Howard feel like all the time…? My goodness, to be tall.\" After allowing her several moments to adjust, Forrest opened the stall doors and gently led Iberville out of the stable. They started off with a few meandering walks around the stable and barns, letting Ellie May get accustomed to the general stiffness of riding, the stress of movement heavy on the legs. Then, as she grew more confident, Forrest let Iberville take off into a slow trot. They did this a few times before Forrest brought the horse to a halt and asked Ellie May to remove her left foot from the stirrup. She did so and a beat later, Forrest thrust his foot into the hold and swung onto the horse behind her. As Ellie May was so small, there was just enough room for the both of them in the saddle and she squealed as he joined her. \"Forrest, what are you doin'?\" she giggled, twisting to peer at him over her shoulder. \"I'm goin' take you for a ride.\" Tightly clutching the reins on either side of her, Forrest firmly secured Ellie May between his chest and Iberville's saddlehorn, before he thumped his leg against the horse's side and snapped the reins. They were off. They galloped over the cascading hilltops and through pastures of tall Johnson grass and kudzu. They did a few giant loops, some fancy turns, and even jumped a fence. While the force of the heavy gallops was stressful on her legs, and though the saddle was less than comfortable, Ellie May could not stop the laughs that bubbled up her throat. Would Forrest ever stop surprising her? They rode until the sky was streaked with the fading light of the sun, a giant, messy haze of reds, oranges, purples, and blues, the sun slipping behind the earth once again. Together, they watched the sunset atop Iberville on a little knoll that sat just North of Gautier's property. They did so with Forrest's arms around her waist, their hands clasped together, and when the last pink streak of light faded in the distance, Ellie May turned in her husband's arms and pressed her mouth to his. \"How did I get to be so lucky?\" she whispered, detangling one of her hands to stroke the tips of her fingers across his cheek. Forrest said nothing but gave a soft smiled and tightened his hold on her, capturing her lips once more, before tugging on the reins. \"We best get back now. It's getting too dark to see.\" When they reached the stables, Forrest dismounted and lifted Ellie May off the horse as well, returning the saddle to its former position. He led Iberville back to his stall, watching Ellie May pet and rub the other horses as he did so. When he closed the gate on Iberville's stall, Ellie May held her hand out and stroked the horse's nose. \"Thank you, friend,\" she told Iberville, kissing his sleek mane. \"That was truly an experience to savor.\" Once the horses were secure, Forrest took Ellie May's hand and led her back around the house. Arnold Gautier and his wife Charlotte were on the porch as they strolled by and after a few brief and kind words, the Bondurants headed back to their home. Upstairs in their bed, Ellie May laid curled on her side as Forrest undressed. \"Forrest, that was…amazing, like it always is. But you know I don't expect you to go and do stuff like that all the time…you know I'll be happy whatever we do so long as I'm with you.\" \"That's kind of you to say, Ellie, but we both know you enjoy surprises, no matter how much you protest them.\" Her cheeks flushed a tad and she shrugged. \"They're just such wonderful surprises. Honestly, I don't know how you keep coming up with them! First it was the fireflies, then the those carnival animals at the train yard, now horseback riding…tell me, does anyone else know you're such a hopeless romantic?\" Finally prepared for bed, Forrest flicked off the light and took a knee on the mattress. He hovered over her and slowly leaned down to press a kiss to the top of her nose. His lips lingered there briefly, then trailed across her skin, grazing the tops of her cheeks and the curve of her chin, until eventually finding their way to her own. He tenderly caught her bottom lip in his mouth and nibbled softly. He felt her hands on him, heard the familiar, delicious hitch in her breath, and drew back, teasing. She gazed at him petulantly, her pouty lips wanting more, and he offered her a gentle grin. \"No, they don't…but you do.\" The overwhelming smell of iron was what first roused him from sleep. But he wasn't fully awake, not yet, not until he felt the silky wetness covering his hands. \"What the…?\" Forrest grumbled, blinking away the sleepy haze in his eyes. Lifting his hand to face, he saw the crimson stains shining in the moonlight that poured in from the window. That's when he looked down at his wife. Ellie May was fast asleep in a giant pool of blood. Her blood. Ooh, a cliff-hanger! On a totally unrelated note, a lot of you have been discussing the ending – will Ellie May stay? Will Maggie and Forrest still get together? There's also been quite a lot of talk about dramatic deaths…and I'm curious, what do you guys think is going to happen? More importantly, what do you want to happen? As always, my friends, I hope you have enjoyed! Now, review, please! (You know you want to.)[Chapter 31] Chapter Thirty The overwhelming smell of iron was what first roused him from sleep. But he wasn't fully awake, not yet, not until he felt the silky wetness covering his hands. \"What the…?\" he grumbled, blinking away the sleepy haze in his eyes. Lifting his hand to face, he saw the crimson stains shining in the moonlight that poured in from the window. That's when he looked down at his wife. Ellie May was fast asleep in a giant pool of blood. Her blood. Panic laced Forrest's heart so intensely that it nearly paralyzed him. He fought for air, his head spinning, a mantra instantly beginning, No. No. No. Not Ellie. No. Jolting up, he seized her arms, \"Ellie May, wake up! Goddamn it! Wake up!\" His wife blinked furiously, yanking out of his grip. \"What the hell, Forrest? Is the place on fire?\" \"Ellie, thank God,\" he groaned, eyes misting over. She was alive. Slumping down, he tried to control himself, cradling her to him. \"Forrest, what...is that blood?\" She grabbed his hand, swiping at the thick crimson liquid coating his fingers. \"Forrest?\" He pulled away, cupping her face, streaking her cheeks with blood from his hands. \"Ellie May, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.\" He twisted out of her line of sight and when she saw the blankets soaked with blood a sob choked her, tears instantly pouring from her eyes. Like the voice in his head, she cried, \"No. No. No. \" \"Ellie, I'm sorry…\" She had lost the baby. After the miscarriage, Ellie May went to a dark place. Forrest about killed himself trying to get through to her. Day and night, he'd rack his brain desperate to think of something, anything to get her to see that the world would keep spinning. But it seemed the only person that could knock any sense into her was Lucy. And when Lucy arrived she and Ellie May mostly sat in back bedroom and cried together. \"This ain't healthy,\" grumbled Forrest, his teeth grinding in blind frustration. \"I'm losing her, Howard.\" Ellie May hardly ate, maybe a few crackers a day, and she slept even less. And when she wasn't sleeping, she was crying. The crying varied. Mostly, the crying consisted of a steady stream of silent tears pouring from her eyes. But, at night, when she thought Forrest was asleep, or in the late evenings when she assumed he was preoccupied with work, she would breakout into desperate, heavy sobs. Sobs so painful that her throat nearly bled, her entire being exhausted when they eventually subsided. The crying spells lasted for four days. Once they faded, Ellie May merely sat in bed, gazing pitifully out the window. It seemed she simply had no more tears to spill. She said very little and flinched when someone else spoke. Slowly, she was becoming a shell of a person, a shell of the woman Forrest loved. This darkness carried on for nearly two weeks until Forrest could finally take no more. He went to the only person he knew he could turn to in a moment of such devastation – his father. Easing open their bedroom door, Forrest withheld a sigh. Ellie May was lying down, her back to the door, her frame so still it was almost as if she wasn't even breathing. He took a step into the room, a shadow lingering behind him. He felt the itch to clear his throat but he didn't want to startle her. When he spoke, his voice was soft, tentative. \"Ellie May, there's somebody here to see you.\" His wife didn't bother to turn as the shadow slid forward, gliding into the room beside Forrest. He approached the bed, his knobby, wrinkled hand finding its way to one of the iron posts. Papa spoke in a gentle, but no-nonsense tone, \"S'time to wake up, Ellie May. I'll be on the porch. Come find me when you're decent.\" Granville Bondurant had only been to The County Line restaurant twice before – once when Forrest bought the place, and once for the supper after their wedding. Despite her self-induced coma, Ellie May was able to recognize the importance behind his appearance. He hadn't come here for no reason and he wasn't suggesting that she meet him outside. He was telling her to. She wanted to protest. Actually, she wanted to ignore the situation completely and forgo the effort behind fighting it. But no matter her mental state, he was still Papa and she had to respect him. She took a moment to collect herself, sitting up in bed and staring out at the sun. She didn't bother to comb her hair, choosing instead to pull it up with a ribbon. It was too early for the restaurant to be open so she didn't bother with a fresh dress. Grabbing her robe off the hook on the wall behind their door, Ellie May eased her way down the stairs. The restaurant was empty and through the back window she could see Forrest and Howard chopping wood out back. Her husband's face was pained and every few seconds he was glancing at their home, either at their bedroom window, or at the back door. She knew he was worried for her and Ellie May wished the guilt she felt over his worrying was enough to snap her out of it. But there was a hurt so heavy on her heart at the loss of their child that she simply could not move on. Ellie May stepped out onto the porch, her arms crossed over her chest, and raised her gaze to stare at Papa. The things that were to follow – what she saw when she looked at him, the things they discussed, and the way that Papa offered exactly what she needed without judgment – would forever be burned in Ellie May's memory. Not a day would pass from that moment on that she did not feel overwhelmed with gratitude for Granville Bondurant and all he had done for her. Especially at a time so critical, the time that she had needed a father most. Papa sat in a rocking chair Forrest had but on the front porch just for him. He wore a thin, white shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, and brown dungarees, the cuffs red from the clay and dirt. In one hand, he held a green apple, a small pocketknife in the other. His eyes had the bluish gray color of a razor blade, the polished shine, the same color of Forrest's eyes. And, as he peered up at Ellie May, she felt a strange sharpness, almost painful, a cutting sensation, as if his razor-gaze was somehow slicing her open. In part, no doubt, it was her own sense of guilt over what she'd become and how it was effecting Forrest, but even so she was absolutely certain that the old man took one look at her and went right to the heart of things. Papa made a clicking sound with his tongue. His fingers smoothed the knife through the apple. He offered the green slice to her and gestured that she take a seat. \"S'a mighty pretty day outside…sun's shining, the bird's out…see that one over there in the pine? That's a chickadee. And that one there is a female red cardinal.\" Ellie May frowned. \"She's brown, 'cept for her head. I thought red cardinals were red all over.\" Papa nodded. \"They are, but only the males. A general rule in the animal kingdom is that the males of the species are more attractive. The way I see it, the lord realized his mistake with the animals and decided to make the females of the human race the fairer sex. S'why Howard's so funny lookin'.\" He waited for Ellie May's eyes to soften or her lips to curl even the slightest, but when she remained motionless, Papa nodded and took a bit of apple. He chewed slowly. When he swallowed, he offered her the rest of the apple. She declined with a shake of her head and Papa tossed the apple into the lot for the squirrels to nibble on. \"Did Forrest ever tell you about Henry?\" Well, that got her attention. It wasn't often that someone mentioned something in regards to Forrest Bondurant that she didn't already know. Eyebrows drawing together in the tiniest bit, she asked, \"Who's Henry?\" \"My wife…she got pregnant a few months after Forrest was born.\" Ellie May's face instantly clenched. Forrest and Jack were several years apart in age. \"We were going to name the baby Henry after Dorothy's father, but she had a miscarriage three months before he was due to be born.\" Papa paused to observe Ellie May. Her expression remained tense but she was silent and attentive. \"She had two more miscarriages after that, one right after the other it seemed, and the doctors told her that she couldn't have children anymore and that it was best if we stopped trying. But Dorothy…she loved children. S'just the kind of person she was. She always wanted a house full of youngin's. Well, 'bout a year after they said she was done, here comes little ole Jack and Emmy right after him.\" Though she did not mirror Papa's small smile, her face relaxed and Ellie May calmly gazed out at the dirt lot. She thought briefly about Dorothy Bondurant, the fierce and respectable woman that she had been. Then, she thought about Lucy. Two completely different woman, both different from her in their own right, and yet, they all three shared the same awful experience. Her face crumbled as she attempted to comprehend and she asked Papa, \"How? How did she deal with it? H-how did she…move on?\" \"Well…\" Papa Bondurant shifted in his rocking chair, slipping his knife into a pocket in his dungarees. He slapped his thigh. \"I reckon it was easier for her to not think about it. Forrest was just a baby and he took up a lot of her attention, Howard, Belva, and Era, too. She loved those children and she channeled that love, harnessed it, to help her get by. Ellie May, folks can get through anything with enough love. And that boy in there-\" He pointed back into the restaurant. \"- that boy loves you more than anything in this world and has loved you since he was damn fifteen years old.\" Papa's demeanor abruptly altered. Rather than maintaining his gentle and wise manner, he was all of sudden stern and in her face, his mouth set in a firm frown. \"Do you know why we offered to take you in when you was a little girl? That Christmas when Forrest whooped your daddy, he came to us. He sat Dorothy and I down and told us he couldn't watch you suffer no more. That if he didn't do something he'd go crazy, prolly wind up killing your daddy.\" Sighing, Papa shook his head and waved a dismissive hand, \"Ellie May, that was a long time ago. Back before all this foolishness about the boys being invincible. Back before Forrest became what he is now, but I'll tell you what – I have never believed my son more than that night. There wasn't a single doubt in my mind that if your daddy had laid another hand on you, Forrest would have taken him out of this world. S'like I said, that boy loves you. Always has. Y'all gone get through this mess just fine.\" When Forrest woke, the best was empty where his wife should lay. For a split second, a great pang of fear and panic struck him to his core. Then, in that very next second the smell of bacon grease tickled his nose. Blinking, he took a moment to listen, and looked out at the purple sky. The sun wasn't even up yet. Howard was up in Penbrook with Lucy and no one ever came to the restaurant before eight so he determined that the early morning chef must be his wife. Clambering out of bed, Forrest slowly dressed for the day and sent a silent pray up to Heaven. Her back was to him, her hair freshly washed and hanging in loose, wet curls down her back. A few strips of bacon were frying in a skillet on the stove and, as she stirred a pot of grits, she plucked one of the strips out of the grease and popped it straight into her mouth. It was the first time Forrest had seen her eat something other than toast or crackers in fifteen days. \"You gonna just stand there or you gonna fix yourself some coffee and have a seat?\" Her voice jarred him and Forrest gave a quick, but grateful smile. He moved around her to the coffee and poured himself a cup, pressing a kiss into her hair as he went. After the bacon finished sizzling up, she placed the strips on a plate and began frying a few pancakes in the bacon grease. \"There's some strawberry and fig preserves in the cooler. Get 'em for me?\" They ate breakfast together at one of the restaurant tables, Ellie May glancing shyly at him over her fork. She sipped on a glass of milk, turning her nose up at Forrest's coffee, and when their plates were cleaned she pushed the dirty dishes aside and reached over to wrap her fingers around his hand. \"I don't want to talk about it anymore. I don't want to think about it. I just want us to be normal again and I'm sorry that it's taken me so long to…to…\" Forrest laced their fingers together. He gave her hand a gentle squeeze. \"C'mere.\" Standing, Ellie May took her time getting around the table to his lap. The moment their bodies met, she curled into him, her arms weaving around his neck, her face pressing into his chest. \"God, I missed you.\" His fingers tangled in her hair and he breathed her in, his eyes clamping shut to forced back down the swell of his stirring emotions. \"Missed you, too, Ellie.\" That afternoon Forrest closed the restaurant. Forrest wanted to spend some time with Ellie May now that she was trying to come back to the real world. No one made a big fuss. The first four days after her miscarriage, The County Line had been shut down and the hours of operation had been sporadic in the days that followed. The young couple went on a stroll through the forest picking blackberries and such. The little sour fruits stained their hands all kinds of shades of red and purple. After a couple handfuls, Ellie May's fingers looked like they were bleeding and Forrest brought the tips of her fingers to his lips. He kissed the pads, his tongue swirling over the salty flesh, licking her fingers clean of blackberry juices. They hadn't been intimate since the miscarriage, their contact consisting of gentle caresses and a single kiss pressed into her temple every night. And when he kissed her palm and the inside of her wrist, Ellie May cupped his cheek and drew his mouth to hers. Affairs at The County Line returned to normal fairly soon. The restaurant stayed packed with bodies, most rowdy and looking for a drink, some in search of a hot meal. Production on the mountains continued and the boys were pushing the apple brandy and white lightning as if the stuff were made of liquid gold. Which, to most folks, it was. Jack, Forrest, and Howard had taken their fishing trip and enjoyed it so much they'd been on two more since. That Saturday night the Bondurants were having a fish fry at the farm and as Ellie May dumped out the final ash trays, she spotted Everett, head tucked to his chest, preparing to trudge home. \"Hey, Everett,\" she called before he had the chance to disappear into the night. She crossed her arms and leaned against the counter. The tall boy looked at her, his black hair in tuffs around his ears, with a polite, questioning stare. \"You hungry?\" The fish fry was already well under way when Forrest, Ellie May, and Everett arrived at the farm. Papa was set up by the picnic table at the mouth of the barn and a small bonfire licked at the velvet night sky a few feet away. Howard was kicked up beside the fire, a glass of sweet tea in his lap, hat pulled low over his eyes. Jack was helping their father cook the fish, Emmy and Cricket nowhere in sight. For dessert, Ellie May had prepared two pans of banana pudding topped with sugar cookies and as she struggled to climb successfully out of the truck without sloshing the pudding too much, Everett swiftly took them from her. She chided him tenderly, \"Everett, honey, I can get it.\" He insisted. \"Where do you want 'em?\" \"You can take them in the house. Set 'em on the table. Thank you.\" She patted his shoulder affectionately as he stalked dutifully toward the house. Ellie May cut her eyes at Forrest as he trudged away to where his family was gathered. \"You ought to take a lesson from Everett on manners there, Forrest.\" Forrest sheepishly shot her a grin and wrinkled his nose. \"Sorry. He looked like he got it, though.\" \"Mhmm.\" Tempted to tease her husband some more, Ellie May decided against and made her way up the front porch steps. Emmy was standing at the kitchen counter, white as a sheet, her hands ringing the life out of a worn dishrag. The banana puddings sat on the table, as she'd asked, and Everett was paused beside them. They turned as she entered the house and Ellie May snickered at the teenagers. \"Y'all alright?\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" murmured Everett. He stole a final peek at Emmy, tilting his head her way, before turning on his heels and retreating to the yard. Ellie May rose an eyebrow. \"What was that about?\" \"Who invited Everett?\" Emmy barked. Jerking to a stop, Ellie May scoffed, \"I did. Why? What's wrong? You like Everett, everybody does. He's a good boy. Did something happen?\" \"No, but…\" Emmy huffed, dropping the rag in the sink. \"This is a family gathering. He's not family.\" \"Emmy Jane Bondurant. No, ma'am. You know better than that. We are not stingy, selfish people. Now, Everett is a kind, intelligent, and decent young man and you will not treat him with disrespect or rudeness, do you hear me?\" snapped Ellie May, her teeth damn near grinding in a sudden flare of anger. What was wrong with Emmy? She'd always liked Everett and there had never been a problem between them before. \"No, it's not…I just-\" Emmy gave an abrupt whine. She spun into the sink, shoving her face into her hands, her skin flaming red. \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. I just wish I'd known he was coming, is all.\" Ellie May's brow drew together. She crossed her arms over her chest, gliding across the hardwood floors to stand at Emmy's side. \"Why? Emmy, what's wrong?\" Emmy slowly lifted her head. She was biting her bottom lip and she glanced out the window. Everett was lingering around the fire, Forrest on one side, Jack on his other. Emmy sighed and shrugged. \"He's just…it's different because he really isn't family and I don't mean that ugly. If I'd known he was coming and it just wasn't going to be my brothers I would've…I don't know, dressed up a little, is all.\" And just like that the light clicked on in Ellie May's head. Her mouth formed a small 'o' and she let her arms fall to her sides as she giggled. \"Honey, you like him.\" \"I do not,\" Emmy instantly professed. \"But he is a boy.\" \"A cute boy.\" \"Ellie May!\" \"What? I'm married, not blind. But don't worry, he's not my type anyway. Too skinny.\" Emmy rolled her eyes at Ellie May's teasing and groaned sharply. \"Please don't say anything in front of them. Especially Howard and Jack, please.\" \"So you do like him?\" \"No! But even if I tell them that, they won't believe it.\" Ellie May smirked. \"Not sure if I believe it myself but alright. I won't say anything.\" Ellie May glanced at the stovetop where a pot of greens were boiling, a ham hock bouncing around in the dark water. \"You got anything in the oven?\" \"Some hushpuppies. Why?\" Ellie May peeked into the belly of the stove. The hushpuppies still had another ten or fifteen minutes. Grabbing Emmy's wrist, she decided the food could be disregarded for a few minutes and she led the young girl into their room. Or, rather, it was just Emmy's room now. Ellie May instructed the girl to have a seat on the bed. She fished around the bottom drawer of the dresser and found some pretty ribbon, snatching Emmy's brush off the nightstand. \"What're you doing?\" \"You'll see.\" Ellie May braided Emmy's bangs across the top of her head, sweeping the braid back and over her right shoulder. She made a nice, little bow out of the ribbon, tying the loose end of the braid securely. She told Emmy to sit tight and, after taking another look at the hushpuppies, went to Papa's room. Two minutes later she approached Emmy holding a lovely, lavender dress. The dress was longer than most of the ones Emmy wore and would brush the ground when she walked. The neckline was narrow, scooping down to show just enough cleavage, the sleeves flowing to her elbows. It was high-waisted, a cream ribbon cinching the dress just below the breasts. Ellie May held the darling garment out to Emmy. \"This was one of your mother's favorite dresses. Every year on your parents' anniversary, she would wear it. She said it made her feel like a woman, pretty and proud. Here. Put it on.\" When the girls joined the men outside, their arms full of food, Ellie May hoped Emmy noticed the polite way that Everett was trying not to stare. Papa, Howard, and Forrest recognized the old, lavender dress and Papa smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling softly. He wrapped his arm around his daughter's shoulder, fingering the sleeve, \"Now, don't that fit just right.\" Emmy smiled. Everett smiled, too. Hey, everyone. Hoped you liked this one! I know it was pretty dismal there in the beginning but I tried to end on a lighter note. It seemed like everyone's opinions for how the story is going to end is pretty evenly split – half of you think Ellie May is going to die, the other half think Ellie May is going to take over for Maggie in the movie. It's interesting. I'm wondering why you guys think what but I'm loving all the feedback! So keep it coming and I guess we'll just have to wait and see what happens! There are still about ten chapters left but I'm going out of the country June 30th (I will be in France and Italy in July and August so if I have any readers there let me know!) and won't have time to update for about two months. Rather than leave you hanging until September, I'm going to try and finish the story before I leave. Encouragement/nagging will make me finish faster! Anyhoo, I am excited to see how you guys react to the rest of the story. Please continue to let me know what you think. Love you, all![Chapter 32] A major thank you to the following for your sheer awesomeness!: Dasiygirl95, Not. So. Typical. Girl, Kay1104, Wolflihood, Erin, Jessilyn82, KaicherAlfstan, xodaniellaaox, IsYourH3artTaken, 26RH, Lulu, savyleec, Anissa990, JohnnyStormsGirl, ShawnB, Joe D, freespirt, Ananiliax, time is a waste of life, Jamie, GuestSMC, Jocy723, justrae9930, Fiona, Hiaia, , Gems123, York, and all you lovely Guest reviewers! Thanks a billion for all your support and kind words, guys. They mean the world. Chapter Thirty-One \"I think we should get a dog.\" Forrest glanced up from the book keeping splayed out before him. The look he gave his wife clearly asked, Have you lost your mind? Ellie May plopped down at the table beside him. She pushed away his records and the stacks of bills. She took his hands in hers and argued, \"Forrest, I want to get a dog. A big dog. Huge. I want a massive, cuddly, loyal dog.\" The crease between Forrest's brow deepened. \"Where's this comin' from?\" \"The Smooters up in Penbrook, you know Howard and Lucy's neighbors, their dog just had puppies and Forrest they are so cute! They're just so fluffy and their little tails are adorable, always waggin'. Oh, come on, now, don't give me that face. Forrest, you should have seen those puppies! And you know I've always wanted a dog, it's just never been practical to get one before.\" She squeezed his hands. \"Please?\" \"I…you don't…uh,\" grumbled Forrest, refusing to hold her gaze. \"Umm…\" They had no reason to get a dog. Damn things had fleas and ate just about everything – furniture, food, small children. Not to mention that they were filthy, always slinging around mud and dirt, and shittin' everywhere. \"Now, Ellie…\" With a sigh, Ellie May released his hands and leaned back in her chair. Her face contorted into a bemused expression. \"Maybe I should reword myself…Forrest, we're getting a dog.\" His lips parted, an argument saddling his tongue. Maybe he could try to refuse, put his foot down and all that. But, the sad truth of the matter was that it wouldn't do any good. He couldn't tell Ellie May no if his life depended on it. Sighing, Forrest licked his lips, nodding, \"Thanks for the warning.\" She stood, chair scraping the floor, to give him an affectionate kiss on the crown of his head. \"You're welcome. I need you to help me find one.\" He snorted. Figures. She placed her hands on his shoulders. \"This is a good thing, I promise. A dog will make me very happy. Besides, in a few months the baby will need someone to play with and there aren't any other young children around here so I figure a puppy will have to do…\" Forrest half-turned in his chair. His eyes darted back and forth between her impish face and the flat, soft surface of her stomach. \"Uh, you mean…?\" She grinned. \"That's right, Mr. Bondurant. We're pregnant, again.\" Days turned in to weeks and weeks became months. Before anyone knew it, the leaves on the trees began to change and October was upon them. Suddenly, the Virginia countryside and mountains were covered in the colors of fall – deep reds, bright oranges, and golden browns – leaves swirling on the ground as cars and trucks zoomed passed. With each passing day Ellie May's stomach grew. She was now four months pregnant and swollen like a watermelon, her tummy smooth and round. And in those four months, Forrest hadn't let her lift a finger. \"No more workin',\" he'd told her the night she announced that they were expecting. \"I want you to take it easy. You're just gonna rest and relax. We ain't taking no chances.\" At first, she'd tried to reason with him, putting up a few measly arguments here and there. \"Sweeping the floor and taking orders isn't exactly strenuous labor.\" But he had remained firm. \"I don't care, Ellie. I'll have Doc put you on bed rest if I have to. I'm serious, now. We'll drag Emmy in here if we have to.\" When he said that, Ellie May's gaze flittered to the bar. Everett stood behind the counter chatting quietly with the breakfast crowd, Mr. Alton Abrams, who sat eating the same breakfast he ate promptly at seven-thirty each morning - scrambled eggs, a side of grits, two pieces of toast. Extra pepper on the eggs. And a coffee, black. Ellie May smirked, her gaze lingering on Everett. \"Yeah, let's get Emmy in here. The company might do her some good.\" Well, they did get Emmy in there; it wasn't too often but once or twice, occasionally three times, a week, Emmy would come up to The County Line and help out in Ellie May's stead. Abigail took over most of Ellie May's duties now that her three children were grown enough not to need her so much in the evenings. Ellie May felt guilty about the entire affair but Forrest was staying true to his word. He hadn't let her lift a finger and most of her time was spent with her feet propped up, a bowl of strawberries in her lap – she'd developed quite a taste for the red fruit and twice just that month Forrest had driven all the way to Roanoke to get her a fresh batch. Everyone took it as a good sign that her belly grew so big so fast. Though no one said it aloud, their entire family and their small circle of close friends remained on edge as far as the pregnancy was concerned. No one wanted to treat this like anything other than a normal pregnancy but, with her previous miscarriage lingering in their minds, they were afraid to get excited about the coming new life. \"I'm not saying you'll lose this one, too, I'm just suggesting that you wait to pick a name until the baby's born,\" advised Lucy one evening. She and Ellie May were spread out on a blanket in the yard of the Bondurant farm. The teenagers and their husbands were playing a game of keep away as they watched off to the side. Ellie May's hand glided slowly over the swell of her stomach, \"I'm not going to be on pins and needles for the next five months. I'm just not. The stress won't be good for the baby and it won't be good for me or Forrest. This is a normal pregnancy and I will treat it as such. I will get excited. I will make baby clothes and buy baby shoes. Forrest will build a crib and a baby chair for the dinner table. And we will choose a name. What kind of parents would we be if we didn't?\" \"The kind that don't get hurt.\" Ellie May looked to the porch. Papa sat on the porch swing, his pipe stuck out the side of his mouth, watching his family frolic in the yard. She thought about their talk. \"Life isn't about avoiding pain, Lu. It's about having the strength and love to deal with it.\" Two days later, Ellie May was reclined against the headboard of their iron bed, a notebook in her lap. Next to her in the bed lay a forty pound Golden Retriever named Dixie. Just as Forrest had been true to his word regarding Ellie May's takin' it easy during the pregnancy, she had stuck to her guns regarding getting a puppy. They had gotten Dixie from Lucy and Howard's neighbors, the Smooters, the ones whose dog had puppies. She was two months old when they got her and no bigger than a jar of rotgut. Now, she was a fairly decent size, and sturdy. She was a charming and beautiful animal with a thick, feathery coat of fur, and a long muzzle that tapered down to a brownish-black nose. Her eyes were large and dark and so damn human looking that Forrest felt awkward changing clothes with her in the room. As he'd suspected, the dog had caused Forrest nothing but trouble – chewing the toes of his shoes, peeing on the rugs, whining and whimpering all hours of the night – but one thing could be said about the damn dog that couldn't no one disagree with: that dog loved Ellie May. Dixie followed Ellie May around like, well, hell, like a puppy. Wherever Ellie May went, Dixie was sure to follow. Forrest wasn't too happy about it for the first few weeks, especially when the dog tried to sleep with them in their bed, wanting to snuggle up to Ellie May, but he'd eventually gotten used to it and knew that the dog was a beacon of comfort for his wife and so he did what Forrest does – stuffed his hands in his pockets, grunted, and simply dealt with it. Ellie May turned the page in her notebook, her eyes skimming the list of names as she ran a hand over Dixie's back through her soft, dull yellow fur. \"What about Hoyt?\" Forrest shot her a single, blank stare. Rolling her eyes, she withheld a giggle and scratched through Hoyt. Her fingers stroked through Dixie's fur and when she reached the dog's ears, Dixie's tail began to thump wildly against the bed. The next name on the list was Joshua, a good, strong name. When she declared the name aloud, Forrest shook his head. \"Too many already.\" Huffing in frustration, Ellie May scratched out Joshua. \"There's only one more left. Graham. You've already shot down all the other names I liked so Graham it is unless you've got something better.\" Forrest was silent for a moment, deep in thought, before eventually shaking his head. \"Don't like Graham, either.\" \"Don't know why y'all are fussin' about it.\" A long, thick frame filled their doorway. Howard, eyes bloodshot from exhaustion having spent three days at the still alone, gave a lazy grin. \"You know damn well y'all gone name that baby after me if it's a boy.\" Ellie May couldn't stop the laugh that bubbled up her throat. \"Of course, how silly of me. I completely forgot we agreed to do that. What about you, Forrest?\" Her husband's face scrunched. \"I didn't agree to shit.\" The eldest Bondurant male ran a hand through his thick, tangled curls. \"Yeah, well, we got everything squared away out back so I'm headin' out. Night, little brother. Ellie May.\" Forrest inclined his head as way of goodbye, Ellie May murmuring a soft, \"Goodnight, Howard.\" Then they were alone once again. Well, except for Dixie. Setting her notebook aside, Ellie May ignored the glare Forrest sent her dog and asked, \"Are we ever going to decide on a name?\" \"When we find the right one we'll know,\" answered Forrest simply. He needed to get back downstairs. Hal had left hours ago. Jefferson shortly after him. That left Everett alone to close the restaurant down for the night since he was upstairs with Ellie May. But, Forrest couldn't bring himself to leave her just yet. He joined her on the bed, shooing Dixie away, the dog giving a half-hearted whimper and curling up on the floor beneath the window. His hand found her right knee, his lips pressing blindly into the side of her face, and he began to softly knead the flesh there, massaging her leg. Two minutes into the massage and Ellie May was practically purring. She turned her face to his. Cupping his cheek, she caught his bottom lip between her own and nibbled. A happy hum rumbled her throat. She continued to tug playfully at his lip as his gentle fingers climbed higher, now kneading her inner thigh. \"Keep that up,\" she breathed. \"-and you won't ever leave this bed.\" \"Not much of a threat, Ellie,\" Forrest replied, his breath hot on her mouth. He felt her quiver beneath his touch and a satisfied sense of pride roared to life within him. He loved kissing her. And caressing her. And pleasing her. And- The sound of shattering glass pierced the quiet night air. \"Shit,\" grumbled Forrest. He had detangled himself, muttered, \"Stay here,\" and disappeared downstairs all before Ellie May could blink. Her face flushed, she slumped against the pillows. \"O-okay.\" Downstairs, Everett stood with a broom in one hand, a bloodied rag in the other. A pile of broken glass lay scattered at his feet. When Forrest approached, Everett winced. \"Sorry. Tried to carry too much at once.\" Forrest nodded, taking the broom from him. \"Need to slow down…let's take a look at that.\" He reached for Everett's hand, the one swathed in the now stained rag. The young man's face remained stoic as Forrest peeled away the rag to reveal a cut so wide that it stretched across Everett's palm from thumb to pinky. Blood poured form the wound, rivers of crimson flowing down his arm to drip onto the cut glass below. \"Yeah, we'll need to ride into town. Let the Doc take some stitches to it.\" Everett had been working for Forrest long enough to know that arguing was out of the question. So, rather than put up a futile protest, he merely gave a slow nod and told his employer he would pay for the broken jars. Forrest replied saying he would take the money out of Everett's next paycheck, a statement he had no intention of fulfilling, and told the young man to fetch another dishrag. The first one was soaked through. About that time Dixie came trotting down the stairs and went straight for the pile of glass, shoving her nose right into the debris. \"Damn it, stop that,\" growled Forrest through clenched teeth. He shooed the dog away with the broom and began sweeping up the mess. Ellie May appeared at the top of the stairs a moment later and hollered, \"Anybody down there dead or dying?\" \"No, ma'am,\" Everett called back. \"It was just me being stupid.\" Ellie May's eyes widened when she caught sight of his hand and Forrest met her as she reached the bottom of the staircase. He kissed her cheek. \"I'm gonna take him to see Dr. Cobbs in Rocky Mount. Shouldn't be long but I'm gone go ahead and lock up. Keep the dog with you.\" \"Yes, sir,\" she muttered, squeezing his shoulder affectionately. \"Everett, sweetie, I'm sorry about your hand. Why don't you take tomorrow off and enjoy the weekend? Let that try and heal up a bit, huh?\" \"That won't be necessary, Miss Ellie May, but thank you.\" Forrest grunted. \"She wasn't making a suggestion. You're not coming in tomorrow and that's that.\" Half an hour after Forrest and Everett departed for Rocky Mount, Ellie May and Dixie were snuggled nicely in her and Forrest's bed when a pair of headlights pulled into the lot. \"They couldn't be back so soon,\" Ellie May told Dixie, the dog tilting her nose forward as if she fully comprehended. Ellie May climbed from the bed, Dixie following, to peer out the window. Two figures emerged from the truck, but it was too dark to make out much more than their figure. She grabbed the shotgun from Forrest's side of the bed, just in case, patting her leg for Dixie to follow. \"Forrest?\" she called from upstairs. \"Everett?\" No reply came and the dog scuttled ahead of her. When Dixie reached the floor of the restaurant, her tail ceased all wagging and a low growl began to brew in the dog's chest. This caused a frown to tug on Ellie May's lips; Dixie never growled. Or barked, for that matter. Raising the shotgun, she swiftly descended the stairs and sought refuge behind the bar. Dixie fell in step beside her, hovering at Ellie May's side as she knelt behind the safety of the counter, gun poised. She'd picked the perfect spot. There, she was concealed from sight and could duck into the kitchen if need be. But, she could see the front door of the restaurant perfectly, as well as the windows on either side. She could easily make out the shapes of the two strangers drawing closer on the porch. They advanced towards the door and gave the handle a few jigs. When that provided no results, they tossed a rock through the window and it was all Ellie May could do not to scream. Her clutch on the gun quivered, Dixie's hair standing up on its ends, the dog rising up on its haunches, preparing to attack. The men entered the restaurant quietly, grumbling to one another in low tones. She waited until they were close enough for her shot to be a guaranteed hit. Then, she pulled the trigger. Now, Ellie May had shot plenty of times before. However, during none of those shootings was she pregnant as a whale and perched precariously on the heels of her feet. In such a state, the recoil from the firing landed her on her ass. She cried out in shock, Dixie releasing a great, whooping bark. The man she'd shot fell backwards, crashing to the floor, blood spraying across the hardwood. His companion jumped and withdrew a pistol. From her seat on her ass, Ellie May raised the shotgun at the still-standing intruder. \"Get out. Not. Before I shoot you, too.\" The man sneered. His face was half-hidden in the shadows. There was something sinister about only being able to see the right side of his face. \"You mangy bitch. You just shot Dallas.\" Ellie May pumped the forend of the shotgun, the spent shell clattering to the floor. \"You and Dallas broke into my home, you sorry piece of shit. I've got every right to shoot you both. Now get the fuck out and take your friend with you,\" she spat in disgust. The stranger cocked his pistol but before Ellie May could fire a great blur burst into the room and tackled the man to the floor. The man's yelps of pain were drowned out by Dixie's bellowed barking as the blur pummeled his fist repeatedly into the stranger's face, blood spurting left and right. \"You don't fucking touch her,\" the blur growled, raising to his feet and pulling the intruder up with him. He drug the intruder out by the collar of his shirt, slinging him out into the dirt, before returning inside to drag his companion, the one she'd shot, outside as well. Dixie followed, lingering on the porch steps, growling menacingly at the groaning, bloodied bodies in the dirt. The blur helped Ellie May rise to her feet, her arms shaking from adrenaline, fear, and the recoil from the shotgun. Howard gently stroked the hair from his sister-in-law's face. \"Are you okay?\" he asked, his voice deep with concern. Ellie May nodded, turning in his arms to hug him, \"I have never been so happy to see you in my life, Howard Bondurant…I thought you were going home?\" \"Too tired,\" he mumbled. \"I passed out in the back room on some packing crates.\" \"That's pitiful, but I'm glad you did.\" \"Heard you fire the shot, and the damn dog barking,\" explained Howard. His eyes swept over her frame. He laid a hand on the curve of her swollen stomach. \"You ain't hurt, are you? Did the-\" Ellie May shook her head. \"They didn't touch me. I shot 'em before they got close enough.\" She saw Howard's white teeth in the moonlight as he grinned. \"Good girl. Did they say who they are? What they want?\" \"One of them's named Dallas. He's the one I shot. But no, they weren't exactly chatty.\" Once more, the eldest Bondurant smiled as he rolled up the sleeves on his shirt. \"Well, let's go ask 'em, huh?\" Outside, the two men were collapsed on the ground. Blood smeared the red clay from Dallas's bullet wound. The other stranger was up on his elbow's crawling through the blood, demanding that his friend get up. \"Naw, he ain't goin' nowhere,\" declared Howard as he descended the porch steps, Dixie backing up to stand beside Ellie May, her menacing growls dissolving. Ellie May wanted to go upstairs. She wanted to seek comfort in her bed, to not watch what was about to transpire, but there were two of them. And even though one had been shot, and even though Howard's physical superiority was virtually uncontended, with everything that had happened lately, she worried that others might come. And so, with the shotgun in hand, Ellie May stood on the porch and she watched but tried to not see. It wasn't so bad, honestly. Mostly it was just Howard asking questions and then punching the guy when he didn't answer. Or stepping on the other's guy's chest where he'd been shot. Painful cries ripped through the night air, the awful sounds of agony echoing off the mountain. Howard spat, wiping sweat from his chin. He snatched the man's arm, his foot squishing the stranger's face into the dirt as he bent and twisted the arm backward. He heard the gratifying snap of the man's shoulder popping out of place, the muscles of the rotator cuff tearing. \"I'm going to ask you one more time, motherfucker. And that's it. Why are you here? \" Tears pooled in the corners of the man's eyes. He grasped pathetically at the ground. His body wiggled in pain. He tried to push himself up and release some of the pressure on his shoulder but Howard ground his foot further into the man's face. \"I don't think so. You've got three seconds.\" Howard pulled harder. \"Alright, okay! Alright! Just stop! Stop!\" The stranger sobbed. \"My name is Charley DuPree. That's Dallas Marshall. We're from Detroit.\" Howard instantly released his grip. He backed up a hair. \"Detroit? You work for Vaught…?\" The stranger slumped against the ground. He rolled slightly, cradling his arm. He sniffed and blinked a few times. \"Yeah…yeah, we work for him. Look, we weren't gonna hurt her! We were just gonna rough the place up a bit, break some shit. We didn't even know she was here!\" \"You weren't gonna hurt her?\" scoffed Howard. He kicked the intruder's side, earning a deep groan. \"That's why you pulled a gun on her?\" \"She shot Dallas!\" \"Because you broke into my home!\" snapped Ellie May, the shotgun limp at her side. Her back was beginning to ache, her stomach heavy. She was tired with this. Her adrenaline had faded, the stress and fear of the moment worn off, and now all she wanted was for this to be over already. Even Dixie had had enough. The Golden Retriever slumped against the poor, her muzzle and front paws hanging off the first step. She watched the seen with a dullness in her eyes. \"Howard?\" He glanced at her and understood her weary expression at once. Giving a slow nod, he stepped around the stranger named Charley, to the man she'd shot, who had now passed out from either blood loss or trauma. He took the man by his arms, ignoring his friend's shouted protests, and dragged him all the way to the road, heaving his body into a ditch. Just as he reached the other stranger, preparing to do the same with him, a truck appeared on the mountain, the lights dim, heading straight for the restaurant. Ellie May squinted. She lifted the shotgun, Dixie's head popping up. The truck pulled into the lot, the engine dying immediately, the driver exiting the cab. It was Forrest. He'd taken Everett into Rocky Mount, got him stitched up, and then taken him home. Now, as he stepped out of his truck, his feet heavy as they hit the dirt, his chest tensed and his face set into a hard way. He looked from his wife, to his brother, to the stranger moaning on the ground. A foul anger seized him as he noticed the shotgun in Ellie May's hand and the busted window. Ellie May saw the rage building behind her husband's eyes and sighed. It was almost over. Almost. Lowering the gun, she greeted Forest and told the boys that she was done. \"I'm going to bed. Howard-\" He peered at her questioningly. \"-thank you.\" Howard nodded softly and she spoke to Forrest. \"Come to bed soon.\" Her voice was quiet and she debated asking him to just leave it alone. Howard had taken care of it. But she knew that wasn't how Forrest worked. Turning, Ellie May called Dixie after her and disappeared inside. As always, I hope you enjoyed. I also hope you can forgive me for any grammatical errors. I'm awful at proof reading. And by awful I mean lazy. Sorry.[Chapter 33] You have to believe me – I had no idea it's been almost a month since I updated. I swear in my mind I update like two weeks ago. I'm so sorry! Please forgive me and accept this chapter as a bribe. A major, huge I-love-you-all-so-much-and-think-you're-the-cooles t-people-in-the-world thank you to everyone who reviewed the last chapter. Also, to everyone who's been reading and following along and favoriting, you guys are awesome, too. I'm so thoroughly pleased you all are enjoying this story so much and I hope it continues to satisfy you. Um, also, please forgive me for the Batman reference. I love the Nolan Batman Trilogy and simply couldn't help myself. Major cool points to any who catches the hint! Now, let's see what's going on with those Bondurants we love so much… Chapter Thirty-Two Both of the men who had intruded on their home, Ellie May would come to find out, had died shortly thereafter. The man she'd shot, Dallas, died in a hospital little more than a week later, the itchy sheets soiled, his body odor rank from lying in his own filth. His legs had been meticulously shattered from hip to heel. That hadn't been what killed him, though. The no'count intruder had died from infection, a slow, near torturous death. The other man's punishment had been more severe. After all, he had been the one to draw a gun on Ellie May. Though she never received the details, Ellie May was sure his death later that very night had been a gruesome affair. She almost felt sorry for him in a way. Almost. She wondered if those men had families. If they had wives and children and siblings and parents and cousins. If they had loved ones who would mourn their loss. If someone somewhere was searching for them. She wondered these things and hoped they did not. She hoped no one would miss them, that no children had been made orphans by her husband. But mostly, she wondered why those men had broken into her home in the first place. Forrest tried explaining to her that some men just want to watch the world burn, but there was an itch in the back of her mind that she simply couldn't scratch. \"You heard what he said, Howard,\" Ellie May murmured one evening. Her hands mindlessly caressed the roundness of her stomach, their child kicking away inside her, the sensation strange but not unpleasant. \"They weren't here for the liquor or money. They were here to destroy this place…their message was pretty clear. You and I both heard them.\" Howard's brow drew as Ellie May's face froze, the words barely leaving her mouth. Her eyes clouded over in, what the oldest Bondurant male assumed to be, thought. Then, her lips pulled into a thin like and she muttered, \"A message…\" And all of a sudden she was standing and waddling away. Howard cleared his throat and humpfed . He slumped back in his seat and closed his eyes, grumbling something that sounded a bit like, \"…women.\" Her husband was out back at the shed, his sleeves rolled to his elbows despite the winter chill. A shovel in hand, Forrest was busying himself by shifting the snow in front of the shed, attempting to clear a path to the door. He paused as she approached. Arms crossing over her chest to fight the bitter cold, Ellie May asked, \"Do you remember what you told me that night at the farm after y'all met Vaught's men after they paid those boys to steal the liquor?\" A brief look of extreme discomfort flickered across his face. Forrest resumed shoveling. \"You don't need to be out in this cold. Go on back in the house. I'll be in after while.\" \"You told me you sent them a message,\" she continued firmly. \"What was the message, Forrest?\" Her husband remained silent, scooping shovel-full after shovel-full of snow. The muscles in his jaw twitched with unease. He heard her frustrated sigh, heard the crunch of snow beneath her feet, and when she touched him, her fingers were so warm that the hairs on his arms stood on end. \"Forrest,\" she pleaded, her voice soft as the fallen snow around them. \"Just tell me. You don't have to carry this burden alone. Whatever it is, I can handle it. You don't have to hide from me.\" Forrest stilled. \"That what'chu think I'm doin'?\" He propped the shovel against the shed and pinned her with a stern look. \"Ellie May, I have never kept anything from you and I don't plan on starting now.\" Her arms crossed over her chest once more. \"Then why're you being so quiet about all this mess?\" He tried not to, but the Bondurant male couldn't stop his gaze from settling on her stomach. \"You don't need to be worryin' about it.\" Her frustrated frown dissolved. Arms slowly unfolding, she shifted her weight and said, \"Who's the one worrying here? Forrest, you don't have to be afraid. We're not going to lose this baby. I can feel it. This baby is going to be born happy and healthy and into a family that loves it so much its not gonna know what to do with itself. Besides, you should know that not knowing will drive me crazier faster.\" Forrest grunted. \"Why don't you leave this one alone for me?\" \"Because I shot a man, Forrest, and he is dead now. That's not something I can just leave alone.\" Ellie May was insistent. She drew closer to him, effectively trapping her husband between her swollen frame and the shed. Swallowing, Ellie May demanded, \"What message did you send them?\" They were silent for a moment, both standing their ground. The woods around them were just as quiet. Many of the woodland creatures in their area had already burrowed in for the winter and those that hadn't were beginning to migrate further south. Their surroundings were covered in a thick blanket of white snow, the only sound being an eerie wind that drifted over the mountain. Finally, the stillness of the moment became too much and Ellie May's gaze narrowed. Forrest was not going to crack, it seemed. Her lips parted, prepared to fire off some caustic remark or another, but before she could speak, her husband beat her to it. \"We knocked 'em around a bit. Not all of 'em, mostly just the one that seemed to be in charge – Keller. We roughed him up pretty good.\" Though Forrest's words were in admission, a confession, his tone was anything but ashamed. He was simply stating a fact, albeit somewhat reluctantly given his wife's delicate condition. \"So what happened here…those men breaking in, it was retribution for what you did…\" The words rolled of Ellie May's tongue like a statement, not a question, but the accusatory tone that they held set Forrest's veins on fire. She was making him feel that sense of shame. Forrest knew that he was well within his rights as a man, knew that his actions had been justified, if not warranted. But her eyes held enough guilt and shame for him. And he hated that. So, rather than feeling ashamed, he got angry instead. Forrest's shoulders tensed, his body instinctively bowing up in defense. \"You seem to have forgotten that they started this shit-\" \"They started it? Lord, Forrest, you sound like Jack! You're using the excuse of a child.\" He gritted his teeth. \"That's not what I meant and you know it,\" he growled. Forrest felt the shameful anger boiling inside him. He'd never lost his temper with Ellie May before and he never would. Clamping his eyes shut, he attempted to push away his rage. To calm himself. He would not frighten her. He wasn't sure how long they stood their, the steam rolling off his shoulders, but when he eventually gathered himself, he looked at her. Just looked. She seemed to understand what had occurred within him, saw the battle raging beneath the surface. She gave him a forced smiled and sighed, exhausted already. \"I can't feel my feet.\" In spite of himself, Forrest could feel the ghost of a smile lifting the corners of his mouth. \"Told you its too cold.\" He shuffled his feet in the snow and moved forward to wrap his arm around her shoulders. He knew she was still mad at him, but that she had refrained from lashing out; she saw his anger and took the high road. She was the bigger person. The words 'I'm sorry' were dancing on the tip of his tongue. Ellie May squeezed his middle. \"I know.\" Jack had started lingering around The County Line a lot there lately. He thought no one noticed, often giving the excuse that he was just dropping Emmy off for work. But they had noticed. Everyone had noticed. Jack Bondurant was nothing if not a boy that was hard to miss. \"Go home, Jack,\" demanded Howard. He and Danny were unloading a truck full of rotgut into the shed around back. Their cheeks were shining a brilliant red, their noses even worse earning a few Rudolph jokes from Ellie May and Abigail, and the men just wanted to be done for the day. \"Ain't there work at the farm you gotta do?\" \"Cabbage and tobacco are set for the cold and the animals already been fed,\" the younger Bondurant boasted. He reached for a crate crammed full of white lightning but Danny snagged it out of his grasp. \"Whoa there, scamp. Why don't you let me get that?\" Jack reached for it once more. \"I can carry it. Ain't that heavy.\" \"Yeah, but its real icy out. One of us might slip and drop it. I'd rather the gang get mad at me and not you. They'll just take it out of my cut of the sale, but they might take it outta your hide.\" Danny's logic was hard to argue with but Jack's pride took a hit nonetheless. He looked to Howard for support but his older brother shook his head. \"You know,\" Jack murmured. \"It ain't too hard to make this stuff. I could help.\" \"How d'you know how to make it?\" asked Howard, disbelief dripping with each word. \"Cricket told me how.\" \"Yeah? And where'd he find out?\" Jack shrugged lamely. \"One of the guys on Smith Mountain must've showed him.\" Howard's face contorted into a grimace of repugnance and his best friend let out a deep bellied laugh at the sight. \"Those boys on Smith Mountain don't know how to make mule for shit,\" declared Danny between chuckles, his perfect, pearly white grin damn near blinding. \"Might as well take a jar and piss in it if you gonna learn to cook liquor from them.\" Jack gave a wicked grin. Danny's wording couldn't have been more perfect. \"Why don't y'all teach me then?\" he retord. Truth was, Cricket never showed Jack how to make mule, because Cricket didn't know himself. The twins, Cal and Eddie, Danny's little brothers, swore up and down they knew how to make the stuff. Said they'd followed Danny one night a few years back to the still on Turkey Cock and that they'd been making their own ever since. Cricket and Jack both called bullshit on that one seein' as how no one they knew had bought liquor off Cal or Eddie, nor had anyone seen Cal or Eddie with anything even sort of resemble rotgut. Jack figured they were just mouthing off, trying to look impressive. And with Cricket and the Mitchell twins ruled out, Jack didn't know where else to turn. He was desperate. The whole country was blazing up with this illegal moonshine business ever since Prohibition first started but bootlegging had really hit its peak in those years and Jack was itching to have his hand in it. \"Aw, hell, now you done it,\" grumbled Howard, tossing Danny a glare. \"I'm serious! I'm a quick learner. Ask Ellie May.\" \"No, Jack. Just…no. Forrest don't want you gettin' mixed up in this mess, now. You hear? I mean it, Jack. You stay outta this racket. The gimp, too.\" \"Cricket ain't a gimp,\" spat Jack. \"Howard, don't you think I'm old enough to start making matters up for myself?\" \"Don't matter what I think,\" Howard grunted, dropping the final crate onto a stack right inside the front door of the shed. Damn thing was packed full. Danny added, \"He's right, kid. This is Forrest's restaurant. It's his operation now. Nothin' we can do about it.\" \"But he'll listen to y'all,\" pleaded Jack. The poor youngin' was practically begging. \"C'mon, Howard, Danny. Put in a good word for me.\" \"Won't do any good. You know Forrest, he's like an old man – set in his ways,\" snickered Danny. \"Who're you callin' old, Mitchell? You're older than me.\" Three heads turned – one quickly, two with a lazy grace – to see Forrest sauntering down the back steps. \"But I see where you got confused seein' as how ninety percent of the time you act like a three-year-old.\" Danny clutched his chest, over where his heart rested, \"You always know what to say to make it hurt, don't you, Forrest?\" Emmy appeared at the back door before Danny could continue teasing Forrest, so he opted to tease her instead. He swiped the hat from his head. \"Evenin' there, Miss Emmy. I swear if you don't just get prettier every day.\" The youngest Bondurant rolled her eyes. She was well accustomed to Danny Mitchell by now and such compliments, whether he meant them or not, seldom fazed her. \"Jack, I'm ready to head home. You ready?\" Her brother straightened his shirt. He sent a pointed look to Howard and Danny. \"Y'all think about what I said, now,\" Jack murmured real serious-like. Emmy scoffed, holding in a cackle of a laugh. She could only imagine what that was all about. Emmy waved him on. \"Yeah, okay, Tony Accardo, they'll think about it real hard. Now, hurry up before it starts snowing again.\" \"Do you always gotta fuss?\" asked Jack. \"It's not fussing-\" \"Oh, well, than what do you call it?\" \"I'm only saying! Jack, you can't drive into snow chains in the dark-\" \"I can, too!\" \"Oh, please.\" \"Will you two give it a rest, already?\" boomed Howard over his younger siblings' squabbling. \" Damn .\" Her cheeks tinting pink, Emmy smirked and, in a moment of pure impishness, stuck her tongue out at Jack when no one was looking. Jack pointed his finger at her, \"Now, that, you see that? That is pure childishness. I could understand y'all not wanting Emmy getting involved. See that real easy.\" \"Involved in what?\" asked Forrest, Emmy echoing his words, \"Yeah, involved in what?\" \"In the family business,\" replied Jack. Forrest's brow dipped real low. He glanced at Howard but his brother just shook his head. He glanced at Danny but the eldest Mitchell boy simply smirked and shrugged. Finally, he glanced at Jack and Emmy gathered on the back steps. \"You must be talkin' 'bout the farm…\" \"You know what I'm talking about, Forrest,\" muttered Jack, finally appearing a little less confident. A muscle twitched in Forrest's jaw. He pursed his lips. \"Not sure I do, Jack.\" Jack gave a frustrated huff and his lips parted as a plea bubbled up the back of his throat. Then, before he could argue his case, a sudden commotion from the restaurant sent Forrest, Howard, and Danny barreling inside. \"What-ugh,\" Jack groaned, reaching after them. Emmy rolled her eyes at her little brother and followed the trio inside. Jack was quick on her heels. Jefferson stood at the sink, a cigarette hanging out the corner of his mouth, smoke billowing up in coils around his dark face. The dishwasher's shirt was rolled to his elbows, his hands buried in the suds that filled the sink. He smirked at Emmy and Jack as they passed. He was completely unfazed by the uproar coming from the floor of the restaurant. The pair of siblings danced through the swinging door of the kitchen and out onto the floor. Emmy nearly collided with Howard's massive back, as Jack squeaked, \"What happened?\" and skidded to a stop at the sight of his best friend splayed across the floor of the restaurant. Ellie May turned to answer him but couldn't for lack of air in her lungs. She couldn't speak because she couldn't breathe and she couldn't breathe 'cause she was laughin' too damn hard. Mirthful tears pooled in her eyes, her cheeks flushing red and hurting from smiling too wide. At her side, Abigail was having a fit herself and even Hal, who stood behind the register his hands poised mid-air as he rung up a customer's receipt, was fighting a smile. Howard's bushy brow furrowed. He glanced at Forrest, then at Danny. \"What the...?\" he grumbled. \"Cricket wanted-\" Ellie May managed to choke out. \"-he wanted to-\" But she couldn't finish, her chest heaving with each laugh, her great belly shaking like Santa Claus. \"Cricket wanted to feel the baby kicking,\" answered Everett as he placed a plate of food on the counter, sliding the cubed steak and mashed potatoes down to a patron at the end of bar. The customer thanked him and immediately dove into his supper, the ruckus around him ignored. Everett nodded a silent 'you're welcome' and wiped his hands on the dishrag hanging out of his pocket. \"How'd he end up on the floor?\" asked Danny. Everett smirked. \"The second he touched her stomach and that baby started kicking, his face went pale and he plum passed out.\" Their faces fell, their eyes gazing down at the limp body of Cricket Pate, his legs all askew beneath him. \"He...passed...out...?\" repeated Danny with a scoff. \"I tell you what there is somethin' wrong with that boy.\" \"Ain't nothin' wrong with Cricket,\" Abigail rolled her eyes. \"He just wasn't sure what to expect, is all. You ever felt a baby inside a woman's stomach? It's strange alright. Even stranger for the woman. Ain't that right, Ellie May?\" \"That's for sure,\" replied Ellie May, her giggles finally dying down. She rubbed the wide surface of her tummy and smiled down at Cricket, \"Poor baby. Forrest, you should've seen his face. He put his hand on my stomach and the baby barely moved and he just went down. Like he'd been hit over the head, his eyes rolling back. It was very dramatic.\" Forrest grunted. \"I'll bet.\" The restaurant continued with business around Cricket, patrons still drinking and laughing, Hal ringing up orders, Jefferson and Everett taking care of the kitchen's side of things, but Forrest couldn't just leave him lying there. So, he motioned for everyone to move back and knelt, looping his arms under Cricket's shoulders and hauling the tiny teenager to his feet. Cricket was practically a feather and Forrest carried him upstairs easily, laying him down on the couch by the window that overlooked the road. When he returned downstairs, Howard and Danny had disappeared and Emmy and Jack were saying their goodbyes to everyone, preparing to head back to the farm. Forrest found his wife in his office, her feet propped up on the desk, her head leaned back, her eyes closed, her hands folded over her swollen belly. She hummed when he entered, \"I haven't laughed that hard in a long time...I wish you could've seen his face. It looked just like your's the first time you felt the baby kicking.\" Forrest frowned. Well, at least he hadn't fainted. He pulled the spare chair from the corner and sat down next to his wife. \"He kicking now?\" \"You're so sure it's a boy,\" Ellie May smiled wistfully. \"Yeah, it's kickin'. Has been since about nine o'clock this morning. It's a busy little thing.\" Forrest hands smoothed over her stomach searching for the feeling of life. Ellie May laid her fingers over his and guided their hands. The baby was resting low on the left side today. Yesterday, and most of the week before, the baby had preferred being on the right side of her stomach. Ellie May guessed the baby was getting restless and wanted to switch things up. \"I think it's anxious to meet us,\" she murmured. \"Won't quit movin'.\" Forrest smiled. He was anxious to meet his son, too. Sort of an abrupt ending. But I liked that last line enough to leave it. I'm so stinkin' sentimental, it's not even funny. So we got to see a glimpse of what it's like when Ellie May and Forrest don't exactly get along. How was it? I know it wasn't too intense, but Forrest is great at controlling himself so I figured even an argument between them would be pretty mellow. I guess I'm not going to finish this story before I leave for France seeing as how I have less than two week and I'm gone! I'll try to update while I'm abroad but…um…you guys know how I am. So we'll see, yeah? Love![Chapter 34] An update – from France! I'm going into week three tomorrow of my study abroad trip and so far it's been amazing! But we've been super busy. I think I've slept a total of seven hours in the two weeks we've been here. Honestly, I was only able to post this because we went to Italy this weekend and had a nine hour train ride. So, here you go! We are approaching the end and it's actually a little shorter than I thought. We've got about five chapters left! It'll be strange to see it end. Thanks for your patience, everyone. As always, I hope you enjoy. Chapter Thirty-Three Gummy Coleman's eyes burned somethin' awful. Squinting, he lifted his gaze toward the sun, instantly blinding himself. He blinked forcefully, little white dots splattering his vision. The white lightning was burning away at him, boiling him behind the eyes, inside his ears, and in the deep recesses of his throat. Gummy was a creature of habit, but liquor was the one habit he couldn't seem to develop a tolerance to. Every time he drank, he felt like a virgin. Felt that brand-new rush of somethin' more power than himself. Felt that insane sensation of losing himself and becoming a new being entirely. There came a sudden crunch behind him and he spun quickly. Too quickly. Dizzy, the liquor and blood went straight to the walnut he called a brain and Gummy fell to his knees in the leaves and Virginia clay. \"Who's'ere?!\" The slurred words came as a single holler. They echoed off the surrounding trees and were met with silence. He was alone, save for the squirrels and jack rabbits. Crawling back to his cot near the tub, he studied their cleverly hidden still through blurry eyes. What a beauty it was. Such a marvel, the thing they'd created. Gummy eyes traveled over the brass coils, the mash boxes, the pipe of flowing water. And to think that contraption churned out the best damn thing in his life. Gummy wouldn't know what to do with himself if he didn't have the still to look after. Hell, for the life of him, he couldn't rightly remember what he'd done before. He used to work his daddy's farm but his father had been claimed by the Lady Flu and after that Gummy had just drifted along finding odd jobs here and there, sleeping in stables and behind the feed store in Rocky Mount. When Prohibition hit, it was by pure luck that he'd gotten in on it. Tom Cundiff had been lugging spring coils up the mountainside, half dragging himself under all the weight, when Gummy just so happened to by trudging by. Gummy offered a helping hand and Tommy just sorta started ordering him around after that. Gummy didn't particularly mind. He was a simple man. Taking orders came easy to him; it was when he started thinkin' for himself that things got rough. \"Hot damn, Coleman, you alive in there?\" Gummy liked to have jumped out of his skin the harsh voice was so sudden and close. He looked up at the giant looming over him. \"Mornin', Howard,\" he grumbled, swallowing another mouthful of mule. He swiped the back of his hand over his lips, catching the few dribbles of liquor that escaped the corners of his mouth. \"Whatchu doin' here? Ain't it Danny's day?\" \"Had to get some more molasses.\" That's when Gummy noticed the grate of empty mason jars in the Bondurant's grasp. Howard dropped the box by the tub and set about checking the brewing mash. His brow drew as he studied their stock, \"I reckon this'll be ready by the time Danny gets up this way. You be sure to tell him that we need this bottled tonight, got that group from Atlanta ready to buy and we ain't got enough at the restaurant.\" \"Yeah, alright, I'll tell him.\" The massive man turned from him, then, preparing to trudge onward, but before he reached the giant rock-face that marked their still, he paused. \"You get any sleep last night?\" Gummy clucked his tongue thoughtfully. \"Some.\" \"When was the last time you ate?\" When Gummy didn't answer, Howard figured it was because he couldn't remember. Reaching into his coat pocket, he withdrew a cloth-swathed piece of fried steak Ellie May had cooked him for breakfast. He could still feel the heat radiating off the meat in his palm. With a regretful grimace, he cursed himself and tossed the steak to Gummy. \"Eat. You need somethin' on your stomach, all that liquor you're choking down.\" And with that he disappeared into the trees. Gummy devoured the steak almost instantly. He was chewing the last fatty bit when the Bondurant male appeared in the tree line once again. Mouth half full, Gummy called, \"You forget somethin'?\" But Howard offered no reply. Squinting, Gummy noticed a shadow fall on Howard's right. \"Ah, s'at Danny? He's early!\" And then a third figure appeared and a bad feeling settled in the pit of Gummy's stomach. Maybe the greasy steak on his stomach wasn't such a good idea after all. \"Howard?\" The tall man stepped forward and the clear jar in Gummy's hand, the one with less than an inch of liquid left it in, fell to the forest floor. \"Aw, shit .\" Childbirth was something magical. Childbirth was an act so spiritual and powerful and wonderful, something to be revered, adored, something to astonish. But childbirth was also terrifying and incredibly painful. In the days leading up to the birth of their child, it was all Ellie May could do not to vomit in fear at the very thought of what was to come. Y'all have to remember now, Ellie May's momma died during the still-birth of her little brother. Ellie May knew, beyond the shadow of a doubt that, if necessary, death was a price she was willing to pay if it meant that their child could live. She just rightly hoped it didn't come to that. Forrest hoped that, too. That man didn't have a clue what he'd do if he had to raise their baby without her. That was, of course, if he could survive without her all, which most folks had some serious doubts about. But they remained hopeful and they prayed every night. Sometimes they prayed together. Sometimes apart. And sometimes Abbey or Papa Bondurant prayed with 'em. And, as it turns out, all that prayin' paid off. \"I'm scoopin' up a baby bumble bee. Won't my mommy be so proud of me. Yes, I'm scoopin' up a baby bumble bee,\" sang Ellie May, her daughter on her lap, tiny fingers curled over her own as she made scooping motions with her hands. \"Ouch!\" she squealed, tickling the baby's belly, \"That bee stung me!\" She rubbed her daughter's hands together and continued to sing. \"I'm squashin' up a baby bumble bee. Won't my mommy be so proud of me. Yes, I'm squashin' up a baby bumble bee. Ew! Now, I'm all sticky!\" Ellie May wrinkled her nose and made a few silly faces. She brushed her daughter's hands, as if cleaning them of an invisible mess. \"I'm washin' off a baby bumble bee. Won't my mommy be so proud of me. Yes, I'm washin' off a baby bumble bee.\" She gently clapped their hands together. \"Yay! All clean!\" The baby blinked several times, her little lips spreading in a small grin, barely showing her toothless gums. \"Is that my baby in there?\" a voice called from the front. Moments later Abigail appeared in the doorway of Forrest's office. She immediately held out her arms for the baby. \"Well, good morning, Miss Dorothy Grace! How are we doin' today?\" \"It's been a good mornin' so far,\" Ellie May replied on her daughter's behalf. \"She woke up at four again. But, of course, that's no problem for her. She can nap whenever she pleases... her momma is not so lucky.\" \"Well, sugar, I've got her now,\" said Abigail, Grace snuggled in the cocoon of her arms, chubby little hands reaching and fisting in the waitress's hair. \"Why don't you go-\" \"Oh, no you don't,\" declared a newcomer. Howard's colossal frame filled the door behind Abbey. \"You've got to get out there and work those tables. But I-\" He swiftly lifted his niece from her arms. \"-can take her.\" \" Be careful, Howard!\" hissed Ellie May. She instinctively rose from her chair, as if to save her daughter from the impending doom that was Howard Bondurant. \"She's only just not able to really hold her head up. You've got to be gentle.\" Abigail rolled her eyes as Howard stole Grace away, completely ignoring Ellie May. \"Last time I checked, Howard Bondurant, you weren't my boss.\" \"Last time I checked, she wasn't your niece,\" he retorted, lifting baby Grace toward the ceiling and smiling at her. \"Ain't that right, Gracie?\" \"Howard!\" Ellie May growled. \"At least brush your teeth if you're gonna breathe in her face like that,\" muttered Abigail as she fashioned her apron around her waist and headed toward the front. \"Why're you always aggravating folks, Howard?\" Ellie May asked. \"And, I swear, if you don't be more careful with her…\" \"I ain't bothering nobody. Just wanted to spend some quality time with my favorite niece, is all. And ain't she a beauty...\" Howard pressed his face into Grace's stomach, pressing a few kisses and blowing hot air. Grace made a few indistinguishable noises and squirmed in his grip. \"Those are cries of sheer terror, by the way,\" muttered Ellie May sarcastically with a snort, her daughter's eyes crinkling in joy at her uncle's antics. \"When's Forrest getting back?\" asked Howard as he sat at his brother's desk, cuddling Grace to his chest. The four month old buried her face in his dirty shirt, unfazed by the stench of sweat, dirt, and booze. \"He should be back around lunch.\" Howard said nothing but nodded. He watched his niece's tiny chest rise and fall with each breath. Her pale blue eyes were half-lidded, as if she were fighting sleep. One tiny fist was curled against his chest, the other splayed out. Everything about her was so tiny, especially compared to him. And she was so fragile. Howard remembered how terrified they'd all been the day she was born. It happened so fast. One minute they're standing around the bon fire at the farm, the next Emmy's running outta the house screaming and Ellie May's cussing up a storm, \"Shit, it hurts! Ooh, shit! It hurts like hell, it hurts so fucking bad! Make it stop!\" Poor Forrest was beside himself. It was the first time Howard ever recalled seeing his brother freeze up. He just stood there, starring as his wife waddled down the front porch, Jack on one side, Cricket on the other. It wasn't until their father nudged him and suggested, \"Son, you 'ould'a do somethin',\" that Forrest snapped to. Because of the late hour, they forewent the hospital and went straight to Dr. Cobbs' home. Dorothy Grace met her parents just shortly after midnight with a fat, healthy scream and a steady stream of tears. But she wasn't the only one cryin'. Ellie May was swimming in her own tears, good ole Forrest and Papa even shedding a few silent tears. Howard hadn't been home since the day Grace was born. That night he'd made the trek up the mountain to Penbrook and shared the news with his wife and watched as Lucy fell to her knees and wept. She was jealous, plain and simple. Lu couldn't grasp why God would grace Forrest and Ellie May with a baby but deny them the same joy. \"It's not fair,\" his wife had wailed. \"Life often ain't,\" Howard said quietly. And he stood there. Because, really, what else was there for him to do? Howard had learned long ago that when it came to her issues with having children, Lucy was inconsolable. Grace yawned, her eyes finally falling shut as she began to drift off. Howard stroked her tiny back as she slept, Ellie May watching him with a small smirk. Grace looked just like his brother. Yep, that little girl was the spitting image of her daddy but she had her momma's eyes. \"Why don't you take her upstairs? Lay her down?\" Howard glanced up when Ellie May spoke. He patted Grace's back, his meaty finger tracing her arm. \"She's fine where she is.\" Ellie May smiled and stood, \"Well, alright then.\" As she passed, she dipped to press a kiss to the back of her daughter's head, then pressed one on Howard's head, too. She instantly scoffed, her nose scrunching in disgust, \"You smell like the wrong end of a horse. Take a bath…damn.\" Ellie May woke from her nap to the already-familiar, piercing cry of her daughter. Withholding a groan, she threw back the quilt that cover her legs and slid off the couch. She'd been asleep for no more than twenty minutes. \"I didn't do it!\" proclaimed Howard when she reached the bottom of the stairs. \"She just started screamin', I swear.\" \"You're fine. She's probably just hungry. She wouldn't take this morning,\" mumbled Ellie May as she took her daughter into her arms. \"Hey, baby girl, you hungry? You ready for some supper?\" And that was when Ellie May felt the wetness. \"Oh, no. Not hungry, just tired of bein' wet, I suppose. You didn't feel that, Howard?\" \"Feel what?\" Ellie May scoffed. \"Nothing. Forrest back yet?\" No sooner were the words out of her mouth than Forrest walked through the door. \"There he is,\" his wife crooned. She rocked Grace in her arms, the baby's wails vibrating off the restaurant windows. Turning her chest, she allowed Grace to face Forrest. \"There's daddy. Just in time to help get you cleaned up, too.\" Forrest didn't bother to hide his frown. Upstairs, as Forrest washed Grace off with a wet cloth, Ellie May asked what had taken him so long at the farm that morning; he'd only needed to drop off a pair of clamps he'd used to repair a few chairs that broke the week before in a brawl downstairs. Forrest sighed, \"Pop hurt himself again.\" \"What?\" Ellie May gasped. \"How bad?\" \"Broke two fingers. He was fixin' a hole in the roof of the chicken coup and he says the tiles slipped while he was hammering but, Ellie, I think he's losin' his sight.\" \"Shit, Forrest...at least it wasn't something more serious. His fingers'll heal in a few weeks.\" \"But what if it's something more serious next time? What happens when he loses a hand or breaks a hip?\" asked Forrest as he finished fastening Grace's cloth diaper. He picked his daughter up from the bed and brought her to his chest, grinning at her like she was the sun. \"Well...Forrest, I know we were so eager before to get our own place and you know I love our home, even if a bar isn't the place to raise a child-\" \"It ain't a bar. It's a restaurant,\" her husband corrected her. \"Oh, baby, it's a bar. It's just a bar that serves food nobody eats,\" snickered Ellie May. She paused a moment before growing somber. \"I'm worried about Papa. Do you think...I mean, Jack and Emmy are still there but do you think maybe we should...\" \"Move back?\" The thought had crossed his mind a few times over the last two months. His father's health had been slowly declining and Forrest wondered if he ought to be there more to look after him. \"I don't know, Ellie.\" Ellie May crossed to her husband. She ran her hand up his arm and gazed at their daughter. Grace was opening and closing her mouth like a fish, seemingly wanting to speak but not quite grasping the concept of words yet. But she was a smart one, they could tell already. Forrest reckoned she'd been talking but ten months. \"I bet Grace would like growing up on a farm,\" murmured Ellie May softly. Forrest affectionately cupped the soft ball of furriness that was his daughter's head, the little tuff of light brown hair like silk against his skin. He bet she would, too. Something no one ever bothered to tell Ellie May was that breast feeding was a bitch and it hurt like hell. Every time Grace ate Ellie May walked away sore and tonight was no exception. It was all she could do not to hold her breasts and cry, but part of that might'a been the lack of sleep talkin'. The County Line was already closed for the night and Ellie May went downstairs and made her way to the cooler to fetch a glass of pop. Howard and Forrest were holed up at a table near the bar playing cards. Forrest very rarely played but when he did he very rarely lost and, based on the piles of coins on the table top, tonight wouldn't be one of those rare nights. She slid onto a bar stool nursing her drink and watched the game with a bored, half-interest, the ache in her nipples slowly fading. When Ellie May's glass was near empty, she turned to tell Forrest she was going to bed, her tone suggesting that he should join her, when a pair of headlights flashed in the window. Two seconds later there was a pistol in Howard's hand, a shotgun in Forrest's. Ellie May slipped behind the bar but before Forrest reached the door, Danny Mitchell's voice split the Southern night air. \"Foooorrest! Howaaard!\" Forrest threw open the door just as Danny reached the steps, taking them two at a time. \"Have you lost your mind, Mitchell?\" growled Forrest, the shotgun not entirely lowered. \"In case you forgot, I got a little girl sleeping upsta...\" Forrest trailed off as he noticed the crimson stains covering Danny's clothes. The whites of the eldest Mitchell's eyes were spiderwebbed red. He'd been crying. Hard. With a look so full of despair that Forrest felt Danny was going to burst at any moment, Danny stepped forward and moaned, \"They got 'em, Forrest. They got Gummy. They killed him. Forrest…they killed Gummy.\" Sorry if this one seemed a little all over the place. I know we jumped ahead quite a bit but I don't like filler chapters. Everything that happens in a story needs to have a point and this is where the story needed to go. Such a cliff hanger right? Any ideas as to what Forrest and the gang will do now that Gummy's dead?[Chapter 35] … hey, guys. It's me again. I know, I know. It's been over a month and I'm so sorry! As you guys know, I've been traveling abroad (I went to four countries - Germany, England, Italy, and France, where I studied!) and it was such an amazing, but time consuming, trip! I just got back in the States about two weeks ago and my classes at the university here have already started up again. So, needless to say, I've been pretty busy. Honestly, though, I made time to write over the last month only, when I went to write, nothing happened. For some reason, this one was hard for me to get out. Writer's block, I guess. But every time someone reviewed, the guilt nearly killed me and so I managed to produce this. I'm content with it. Not really satisfied, not in love with it like the others, but no matter what I do, I can't seem to get it where I want it to go and I've been working on it over a month. So that's kinda sad. Regardless, I am sorry for how long it's taken. I know the wait was brutal and I hope you enjoy this even though it's been forever. To answer Greg's question, I've been putting bits of the previous chapter at the beginnings to help readers remember what's happened since it's taking so long between updates lately. It's just a way to help you guys keep up with things. Again, huuuuuuuuuuuuuge, massive, I-love-you-all thank you's to: Joe D, Cassiundruhh, tee, Greg, Devin, Lulu, Cindy Knasel, 26RH, MonsterYouMade, Dasiygirl95, JohnnyStormsGirl, Anissa990, Page86, Dawnie-7, lukamonster, Valerie, and Not. So. Typical. Girl. Thank you all so much for your support, especially those of you like Joe, Dawnie, 26RH, Dasiy, Johnny's girl and Anissa who have been here from the very beginning. Thank you for always being patient with me. And a separate thanks to all of you newcomers for giving this story a chance. As always, enjoy. Chapter Thirty-Four \"They got 'em, Forrest. They got Gummy. They killed him. Forrest…they killed Gummy.\" Her fingers were dug into his hips, the material of his dungarees rough on her fingertips. She was clinging to him. Desperately, she felt every inch of his weight as he pressed against her. This was a familiar comfort but it did nothing to ease the anxiety in her chest. Something awful was going to happen tomorrow. She could feel it. Tomorrow when Forrest, Howard, and their friends loaded down a caravan to seek vengeance against those who took Gummy's life and destroyed their stills, something terrible was going to occur and Ellie May knew there was nothing she could do to stop it. His mouth was on her collarbone, his hands exploring the territory of her waist through her dress. His breath was hot against her skin and she burned beneath his touch, as she usually did, but this time she wasn't burning with pleasure. She was suffocating. \"I can't do this, Forrest,\" she gasped, her forehead resting against his shoulder in defeat. She wanted him. She always wanted him. But not like this. Not desperate. Not with a sense of doom looming over them. And not while their daughter was in the room. \"Please…Grace is right there. I just…\" Forrest could hear Grace's little breaths through the silence. Hear the slight whistle her nose made with each inhale. A hum brewed in the back of his throat. \"Yeah, alright.\" He rolled over, submitting to his wife's request, and stared up at the ceiling. He knew exactly what trouble Ellie May. Truth of the matter was it troubled him, too. But Forrest was good at ignoring the breath-stealing weight that crushed his chest until that sweet moment when he retaliated against the wrongs of others. It wasn't vengeance he sought anyway, rather something more like a reckoning, a balance. It wasn't something you had to seek. Besides, Forrest was tired of the back and forth violence, of taking turns killin' and destroyin'. This mess had to end, now. And come dawn, put an end to this shit was exactly what he intended to do. Forrest swung his legs over the side of the bed and sat up. Rubbing the scruff on his chin, he stood to face his wife. Ellie May gazed up at him curiously. Her brow furrowed when he offered his hand to her. \"C'mon, Ellie.\" Her lips pursed. This wasn't right. Something about tonight felt…sad. Then, Ellie May saw the look in her Forrest's eyes and her heart seized. She slid over to him wordlessly and rose to her knees on the mattress. Now level with him, she cupped his face in her hands and stroked her thumbs across his stubble-covered cheeks. She could see the adoration and love in him. One hand slid down his chest to fist in his undershirt. She could see the love but she wanted him to confirm what she already knew. She tugged at his shirt and whispered, \"Tell me you love me.\" Two large, warm hands secured her waist. His lips found her forehead. He kissed her lightly, then trailed a path of kisses through her hair to her ear, his breath hot on her skin. She trembled against him. As he licked his lips, the tip of his tongue caressed her earlobe. \"I love you,\" he said. It was a simple declaration, deep and true. Honest. But simple. \"I love you,\" he repeated, kissing her temple, his voice low and rough. \"I love you, Ellie May.\" His lips ghosted over the sensitive skin of her neck just below her ear before his fingers grasped her chin and turned her mouth to his. They kissed for several long moments until their lips were red and raw, until they were breathless. Then, Forrest pinned her with a hard stare. \"I love you,\" he said firmly. \"Do you hear me? No one will ever love you like I do. You- are- mine .\" His wife took a deep breath. There were so many different feelings stirring and mixing within her that she felt that at any moment she was likely to erupt like a volcano, exploding from the way he made her feel. Dizzy, Ellie May gave a shaky nod. \"I'm okay with that,\" she admitted. Because, hell, being loved by Forrest was about the only thing in life she wanted. And it's always a damn good feelin' getting what you want. Forrest looped one arm around her waist and pulled her from the bed. Her feet found the floor and they stood there like teenagers about to make love for the first time. But they weren't little kids hiding at that old deer stand in the wood or catching fireflies in a jar. Not anymore. They were lovers. They were partners – husband and wife. They were parents. Forrest knew intimately every curve of her body and the sounds of her soft cries of pleasure. Ellie May knew the strength and power of his body and the tenderness of his touch. It was more than that, though. Forrest knew that Ellie May took her eggs scrambled with extra cheese and pepper. Knew that she loved the water and that autumn was her favorite season and that the scar on her cheek burned red when she got hot and that she preferred peach cobbler over apple pie and- And Ellie May knew that Forrest preferred guttural sounds and grunts to words. Knew that the brass knuckles, the ones that never left his pocket, said more about his protectiveness than his violence and that mornings were his favorite time of day and that he loved the sound of rain. They knew each other inside and out in ways most people never get to know anyone. Not even themselves. Forrest was the first to move. When he grabbed her, he lifted, and her legs wrapped around him like ribbon on a Christmas present. He carried her silently, careful not to wake their sleeping baby, both parents glancing into Dorothy Grace's crib, making sure she was alright, as they slipped from their bedroom. They moved to their makeshift family room that overlooked the front lot. Forrest made to lower them to the couch but was thwarted by a massive ball of yellow that shone dully in the moonlight pouring in from the window. \"Damn dog,\" growled Forrest, attempting to shove Dixie off the couch with one hand while holding Ellie May to him with the other. Since Grace came along, Forrest had yet to let Dixie back in their bedroom and, as Ellie May was 'bout to point out, the family room had all but been declared Dixie's room now. \"You know, the couch is really her bed,\" Ellie May whispered. This earned her an un-amused glance from her husband. Ellie May snorted. \"Well, it is.\" \"And it's still my house.\" \" Our house. Our dog.\" Forrest scoffed. \" Your dog.\" But, despite his best efforts, Dixie wouldn't budge and Forrest was growing frustrated. Ellie May slipped from his grasp and lovingly coaxed Dixie from the room, firmly shutting the door behind her. Ellie May leaned against the door, her palms flat on the wooden surface, and battled the raging emotions within her. While she did so, she silently studied her husband. He was a beautiful man, somehow rough and soft at the same time. He was a pillar of strength and protection, all thick muscle and packed fat, with those damn pink lips of his, full and sweet. Then there were his eyes. Forrest had such gentle eyes. The moonlight cast a strange glow around him. It made him look like something other than the simple man he was, something divine. And then there it was, that familiar ache for him, that warm current of need that ran through her like lava, heating her from the inside out. She approached him, arms extended, and when her hands found his shoulders she pushed down until Forrest was sitting on the couch. She brought her knees up on either side of him, settling in his lap. She fingered the collar of his undershirt. \"Take this off.\" Forrest did as she asked and threw his shirt aside. He brought his hand to her face, his fingers threading through her hair he loved so much. The strands ran like silk over his calloused palm. \"What now?\" Ellie May felt a small surge of power. Though she knew Forrest would never really deny her what she wanted, he was openly surrendering to her now. She licked her lips and shifted her hips forward, teasing. She bit her lip as she touched the smooth, familiar muscle of his shoulders and upper arms. She looked up to watch Forrest watch her. Her husband's eyes were dilated with lust, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed hard while he savored every stroke of her hands on his skin. Ellie May fingered the hem of her dress. \"Help me with this,\" she demanded quietly. Forrest gripped her dress. It was a nice, soft cotton, blue with little flowers on it, and one of his favorites. He loved seeing her in this dress, the way it snugly hugged her hips and fell just-so on her shoulders leaving a bit of her collarbone exposed for his kisses. But, for as much as he loved the dress, he wanted nothing more in that moment than to get it off of her. He pulled the beloved garment over her head effortlessly. It joined his shirt on the floor. He drank her in, his eyes dancing over her bare body. His fingers trailed over the curve of her shoulder and down her arm to her hips. He gripped her gently and drew her forward, pressing himself against her. He wanted her to feel him. To feel how deeply and desperately he wanted her. She shivered against him, her hands trembling as she placed them on his chest to steady herself. Oh, she felt him, alright. \"Forrest,\" she moaned. Tilting her face up, she captured his lips with her own and felt her thighs burn. My God, the things this man did to her. His fingers stroked her hips before he brought one hand up to cradle her breast. Dragging his thumb over her taunt nipple, Forrest nearly moaned as Ellie May raked her fingers through his hair, her tongue absolutely torturing him. She nipped his bottom lip twice with her teeth, then pushed away. Her lips swollen, her chest rising heavy with each breath, she spoke, her eyes hooded with desire, a light flush on her cheeks, \"Tell me what you want to do to me.\" Forrest head swam. He saw them together in several different positions, doing things that he could never bring himself to say aloud. Things that would make him blush if anyone but Ellie May knew he was even thinkin ' about such stuff. But he wanted to do them with her. He wanted to do it all. His mind a scramble of devilish thoughts, his mouth parted but nothing came out. Swallowing, Forrest cupped her face in his hands and kissed her firmly. When he drew back, he looked into her eyes and said, simply, \"Everything.\" When she seemed satisfied with his answer, Forrest took hold of her hips and lifted. Now on her knees rather than his lap, Forrest was able to push his pants to his knees, freeing himself. He looked up at his wife, her face a mask of longing, and pulled her hips back down ever so slowly before he drove himself so deep into her body she felt the thrust all the way to her toes. \"Shit,\" she hissed at the glorious feeling of him. There was nothing in the world like making love to Forrest Bondurant. Ellie May was convinced her husband could make love in his sleep and still do it better than any other man in Virginia. He rocked himself in and out of her slowly, his mouth busying itself against her neck, collarbone, and breasts. He would draw back until he was mere seconds from slipping out of her, then stroke himself back in, torturing her with his fullness. With every slow thrust, she sucked her breath in at the incredible sensation of him filling her. Closing her eyes, Ellie May savored his muscles flexing against the entire length of her body. Reveling in the powerful feel of him, she ran her hands over Forrest's back, down to his hips where she urged him on. Bringing her lips to his ear, she teethed his earlobe and whispered, \"Enough teasing, Forrest…\" In the moonlight, she saw his smirk. Forrest's hold on her tightened. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Sometime later that morning, after their bodies were spent, they lay on the couch, their sweat slickened bodies intertwined, for hours. They studied the moon and stars through the curtain-less window, talking softly and memorizing the feel of one another's body. Forrest's hands massaged the soft flesh of her hips and thighs, occasionally skimming his fingertips over the surface of her lower stomach. Ellie May's fingers traced the smooth curves of his arms and every few moments or so she would reach behind her, 'cause her back was to his chest, and run her hands through his hair and over his stubble-covered cheeks, then trace the outline of his mouth. \"Do you remember the Thanksgiving after Howard came home from the war?\" Ellie May asked, her hands reaching for the quilt on the back of the couch. She couldn't quite reach it and Forrest grabbed it for her, draping the red and blue quilt over them. It covered Ellie May completely, her body mostly curled against his, but his feet stuck out the bottom. She repeated her question and a grunt in the back of Forrest's throat told her he did. He was quiet for a beat, then twirled a strand of her hair 'round his finger and asked, \"Why you ask?\" \"Well, I was just thinking about how Jack fell out the loft in the barn after dinner while he and Cricket were playing-\" \"Cowboys and Indians,\" Forrest finished her sentence with a small smile. His wife mirrored his grin, \"That game always did get them in to trouble.\" Forrest scoffed. \"Got themselves into trouble is what it was.\" \"Anyway,\" murmured Ellie May as she rolled herself so that she was lying on top of him, their stomachs pressed warmly together, their noses inches apart. \"I was thinking about how terrified you got when Jack fell. You were so worried over him being hurt. Papa and Howard were worried, too, but you got to Jack first. You were the one that drove him to Doc's house and it was you Jack asked for when he came to.\" Forrest squirmed a little beneath her gaze. \"What's your point?\" Ellie May shrugged. \"I don't think I ever told you but that was when I fell in love with you…well, I guess from the moment your daddy found me I was falling in love with you but that was the moment I knew it for sure. I saw the way you were with Jack, how calm you were so as not to scare him but horrified beneath the surface that he'd hurt something the doctors couldn't fix…you are so full of love, Forrest. I saw it then and I see it now and that's why I love you.\" He glanced away, her stare too full of something for him to handle. He cleared his throat and mumbled, \"That so?\" She nodded, leaning forward to kiss the corner of his mouth. \"That and the fact that you can't take a compliment to save your life.\" \"That what that was? A compliment?\" he teased. Ellie May gave him a sleepy smile. \"Yes, sir. A bona fide compliment, but-\" But, Forrest thought. Here's when the truth came out. Now, his wife was gonna confess what was really on her mind. She lifted up onto her elbows, her chin resting in her hand. \"Forrest, that love that you have in you, the one that makes you race head-on into danger to protect the people you love, is going to get you killed one day if you're not careful.\" \"And when am I not careful?\" \"I'm only sayin', Forrest…\" She sighed, blinking slowly, and said, \"Promise me you'll be careful tomorrow- don't interrupt me. I mean it. I know you're always careful but be extra cautious tomorrow, okay? I've got a bad feeling, Forrest. It's like…like dread. I can feel it all over. Like come morning I'm not going to want to wake up because I know whatever's gonna be waiting for me is going to be awful.\" A tic worked in his jaw. \"I'm not going to let anything happen to you. Or Grace. Or anybody else I love, for that matter.\" \"I know, baby, I know,\" Ellie May cooed, her fingers caressing his cheek. \"But it's not us I'm worried about. Just…promise you'll be safe. And promise that you and Howard will stay close to one another? Lord knows that man needs some lookin' after.\" Forrest looked annoyed by her concern. She ought to know by now that he could take care of himself. But rather than defend her concern, Ellie May chose to, instead, press several kisses along his jawline and chin, stubble tickling her lips as she went. \"Promise, Forrest,\" she murmured against his skin. \"Promise me, Forrest Bondurant, or you ain't movin' from this couch, you hear me?\" And with that, Ellie May had delivered the final crack that broke him like the St. Francis Dam in California. Forrest smiled at her threat and conceded. \"Alright, alright,\" he mumbled, lazily raising his arms in surrender. \"I promise.\" \"And promise that you'll come back to me.\" This seemed to render Forrest speechless, the ghost of a smile slipping from his face as quickly as it had come. Ellie May curled her hand around the back of his neck, the dark tips of his hair brushing against her fingers. She gave an affectionate squeeze. \"Promise me.\" Forrest looked at her in that thoughtful way that looked passed her face and eyes into the very soul of who she was. He blinked once. \"Have I ever left you? Have I ever not come back?\" A painful jolt echoed through her chest. She smiled sadly. \"There's a first time for everything, Forrest.\" \"Not for that,\" Forrest replied. His voice was low, his tone one not to be argued with. He pulled her tightly against him. \"Look at me. Ellie May, I will never leave you.\" \"I know you won't,\" she said truthfully. But she still looked morose and when she spoke again, Forrest once more found himself at a loss for words. \"What happens,\" Ellie May asked, \"-when you're taken from me?\" Just a heads up, we get to see some Emmy in the next one and a little more of Cricket, too. Many of you are asking for me to give some sort of indicator as to when the next chapter will be out but that's really hard for me to do as I write as I go. So really, it just depends on how quickly or slowly the chapters come together. I'm going to say give me three weeks. I already have some of the next chapter written and I know exactly how I want to shape it, so hopefully it'll be out sooner. I'm just going to go with three weeks to be safe. I know, I'm cruel. Sorry. But, despite my cruelty, you should be the bigger person and review anyway! Love you all, Cailee[Chapter 36] Chapter Thirty-Five Everywhere around her there was commotion. Her brothers were busy shoving shells into shotguns and tucking knives into the band of their dunagrees while Ellie May was preoccupied with a crying Grace, pacing back and forth behind the bar of The County Line, lightly jigging her daughter on her hip. Jack and Cricket were running around fetching this and that for the older Bondurant men and joyously doing so, happy to be of help. Everyone was acting as calm as could be, carrying on like it was just any other regular Monday or Tuesday morning. And Emmy couldn't stand it. This was wrong. Something was going to happen. She knew it. Ellie May knew it. Even Cricket, who, after all their fetching was done, huddled in the corner, his body half-shielded by Jack as he observed Forrest and Howard, knew it. Despite the dryness in her throat, Emmy had to speak up and when she did, the words scratched and clawed their way out, pouring from her mouth like sand. \"Forrest, look at me. Please, just stop for moment, and look at me. Don't do this, Forrest. What happened to Gummy was awful and never should've happened but what you're doin' isn't gonna solve anything! Y'all are only gonna make things worse.\" There was no hitch in Forrest's movements as his little sister's words fell on his apparently deaf ears. Emmy scoffed, disgust rattling through her. How dismissive could he be? She knew she was only a little girl in his eyes but she was still his sister and her opinion was valid. Especially when it came to the safety and wellbeing of her family. Since the day Forrest and Ellie May married, Emmy had taken over as the caretaker at the Bondurant farm. She was the one who looked after their father and saw to it that Jack and Papa were fed. She was the one who made sure they had clean clothes and fresh bed sheets and a clean house to come home to. She was the one who kept an eye on Cricket when her brother was in the fields. She was the one who shined their father's shoes before church every Sunday and reminded Jack to read his Bible every night. She was the one who cut her eyes at Jack when he stopped using his manners at the table or when he stared at a girl for too long in town. She was the one who lent a hand at the restaurant when Ellie May was pregnant. She was the one who- Damn it, she might've been the youngest but Emmy took care of her family and she was tired of being the only one who seemed to be concerned with their wellbeing. Furious, Emmy set her sights on her eldest brother. \"And what about you, Howard? Are you always gonna do what Forrest tells you?\" \"Watch your mouth, Emmy Bondurant,\" chided Ellie May. The words were soft, but spoken firmly. As if reminded of her presence, Emmy rounded on her sister-in-law, \"Ellie May, stop them. You can reason with Forrest! Please!\" For the first time that morning, Ellie May lifted her gaze from the baby in her arms to level Emmy with a sad but resolved stare. \"There's nothing to reason,\" she said simply. And that was when Emmy saw the accepted defeat in Ellie May's eyes. The older woman was just as distraught as Emmy was but had long ago accepted the ways of her husband and knew there was little, if nothing, to be done. Such was the compromise of marriage. Howard stood at the bar sharpening a Bowie hunting knife. The long, sleek blade shimmered under the restaurant's lighting as he repeatedly pulled it across the sharpener, each time with a satisfying shing! He listened to his baby sister's whining with a bored disinterest. Women. Then, he caught Forrest's glance across The County Line and nodded to his little brother. Suddenly, there came a subtle shift in the atmosphere of the restaurant. The guns were loaded and ready. Outside, Everett was busy filling up the trucks' tanks with gas. Any minute now and they would be all set to leave. Forrest mirrored Howard's nod and picked up the loaded shotgun off the bar top. He headed out the front door, Danny hot on his trail, and Emmy not too far behind. Howard remained inside, slicing the knife back and forth across the sharpener, his eyes dull but focused. Jack and Cricket stood uncertain in the corner. They waited for Ellie May or Howard to tell them to stay inside and when no such orders came, the young boys darted outside after the rest of the bunch. Howard could hear Emmy's desperate shouts as he continued his work on the knife. He didn't know what she was so worried about. They could handle themselves. And though he was not overly fond of what he was about to do – he was getting older now and fighting took more outta him than it used to – Gummy had been their friend, their partner, and he deserved to be avenged. They couldn't let his death pass meaninglessly. He had been murdered and it was their job to right that wrong because he couldn't. Dorothy Grace tucked into her side, Ellie May watched Howard drive the knife across the sharpener over and over and over again. If he kept it up for much longer, he was gonna saw the knife away completely. She pressed a kiss onto the tip of her daughter's nose as the baby girl wove her fingers through her momma's hair, tugging and pulling. Ellie May smirked, \"Just like your father…\" She glanced at Howard. \"You about ready to go?\" \"I reckon.\" He slowly pulled the knife through the sharpener one final time. Lifting the blade to the light, he examined it, his finger on the tip. That'll do. With a lazy breath, Howard lifted his hat from the bar and placed it atop his unruly mess of curls. When he stepped onto the porch, his was met with his sister's bright red face, her lips curled in anger. Forrest and the others didn't look too pleased themselves and when Ellie May stepped out behind Howard, she ordered Jack to take his sister inside. Emmy let loose a roar of outrage. Jack took one arm, Cricket taking the other, and they hauled her back into the restaurant. Howard slipped the knife into its cover, then into his pocket. He towered over Ellie May. Smirking down at her, he muttered, \"She means well.\" \"She's getting on my damn nerves.\" Howard snickered. \"Thought you said we couldn't use no foul words in front of the baby.\" Ellie May rolled her eyes at him but didn't argue. Howard elbowed her playfully. \"She reminds me of you, ya know.\" \"Who? Emmy?\" \"Mhmm,\" he nodded. Ellie May scoffed and Howard let out a barking laugh. \"Don't be too sure of yourself, now. If I'm remembering correctly, you've thrown fits like that a time or two.\" \"Then you ain't remembering correctly.\" \"Naw. I am. Remember when those fuckers, Cardinal and Fensky, messed with you in town and we took care of it? Don't think I don't know you stayed up all night waitin' on Forrest to get home. You were just as much a big ole mess then as Emmy is now.\" Ellie May pursed her lips. \"Maybe,\" she admitted. \"But that's when I was younger and so sure you two were gonna get yourselves killed. But now I know better.\" \"S'right. You know can't nobody take us down.\" Ellie May snorted. \"Not exactly. I just know there's no use in arguing with two stubborn, pig-headed men such as you Bondurants.\" Glancing out at the yard, Ellie May watched her husband, Danny, and Everett prepare the convoy of trucks and the back of her throat tightened. She leaned to the right just-so until her arm was touching Howard's. \"You bring him back to me, you hear? I don't want any excuses, Howard Bondurant. You make sure that man comes home to me.\" Howard tipped his hat forward. \"Yes ma'am.\" Tears of worry stung Ellie May's eyes. Her stomach clenched as she withheld the tears and she spared a glance up at the giant man beside her. \"And bring yourself back, too,\" she told him. Howard smiled, a genuine but silly smile, \"Aww, now, Ellie May, don't tell me you're starting to get attached?\" And, though he was joking, Howard dipped down to press a kiss on the top of her forehead. He gave her shoulder an affection squeeze, kinda touched that she was concerned about him, too. \"The only thing you need to worry about-\" he said. \"-is what kinda supper you're gonna have ready for us when we get back. I want a nice, fat roast with some cabbage and potatoes and carrots. With some cornbread and fried okra, on the side. Maybe a few slices of honey-glazed ham, too. Whatchu think, you got that? Oh, and for desert, a nice blackberry cobbler topped with some hand-churned, homemade vanilla ice cream. But don't put too much salt in the ice cream like last time.\" \"There was not too much salt,\" she muttered. Howard grinned and kissed the crown of Grace's head. \"While I'm gone, you're the one in charge of driving your momma crazy, alright, baby girl?\" \"Shush!\" Ellie May swatted Howard away, muttering something about hoping he got shot and put on bed rest so he couldn't bug her quite so much. She turned to the baby in her arms. \"And you-\" She gently poked her daughter's tummy. \"-know better than to listen to your Uncle Howard.\" Dorothy Grace blew a spit-bubble. Ellie May smiled. \"That's what I thought.\" The slamming of a truck door jarred her from her playful thoughts and when Ellie May looked up, Danny, Everett, and Howard were in the trucks, waiting, as Forrest approached the steps. She moved forward and met him halfway. \"When I get back,\" Forrest spoke, his voice low so that only she could hear him. \"We're gonna do what we did last night in every room of this place.\" Her cheeks flushing crimson, Ellie May jabbed his ribs. \"Is that really where your head's at this mornin'?\" \"S'where my head's at every mornin',\" he confessed. Taking her in his arms, he kissed his wife goodbye. His kissed her soundly, undeterred by their audience, and when he released her, Ellie May's lips were swollen and pink. Forrest ran his fingers over his daughter's head, her light, wispy hair tickling his fingertips. He brushed his nose against hers and placed a light kiss on Grace's cheek. \"I love you, girls. Y'all try not to stir up too much trouble while I'm gone. I'll be back soon.\" Forrest retreated down the steps and when the sole of his boot hit the Virginia clay, Ellie May called casually, \"Just so you know, I will not bury you, Forrest Bondurant.\" He fought the ghost of a smile twitching at the edge of his lips at this little game they always played. \"Guess I better not die then.\" She stood on the porch, Grace drooling on her neck and dress, and watched them go. Her eyes didn't leave the road until the last taillight vanished from her view. Then, she sighed and lifted her daughter in her arms. \"You ready for breakfast, Gracie? You hungry, baby girl?\" The front door creaked as Ellie May returned inside. Cricket was teetering nervously on his heels by the staircase. His gaze flickered back and forth between the two youngest Bondurant siblings. Emmy was seated at a table, her fists clenched. And Jack was leaned against the bar looking about as bewildered as a person could get. His mouth opened and closed like a fish as he sought the right words to battle his sister's hysteria. \"Emmy, that's enough now,\" Ellie May called, bringing Emmy's verbal assault to a sudden stop. Emmy had been berating Jack for so willingly helping Forrest and Howard, for not being more concerned, for not being on her side. But the second Ellie May spoke, Emmy launched up from her seat and whirled around, eyes set on a new target. \"Why didn't you stop them?!\" Anger flared within Ellie May. \"If you don't stop all that yelling in front of this baby, Emmy Bondurant,\" she warned, her gaze narrowed to slits. Ellie May clenched her jaw and tried to bite back her rage. \"Enough. You've got more sense than this. Stop acting like a fool.\" \"Stop treating me like a child,\" spat Emmy. To which Ellie May immediately lifted her eyebrows and scoffed, \"Stop actin' like one, then. Jack, Cricket, why don't you boys take Grace upstairs and put her in her bed? I'll be up in a minute to feed her.\" Wordlessly, they did exactly as requested. Once the room was clear, Emmy leveled her sister-in-law with a face of disbelief. \"I get it, Ellie May, I do. You don't argue with Forrest because you don't want him to be mad at you. But it won't really matter if he's mad at you or not, if he's dead.\" \"Is that what you think this is? I didn't stop them because I don't want him to be mad at me?\" Ellie May could've laughed if she was so disturbed. What kind of a woman did Emmy think she was? \"Honey, Forrest gets mad at me once a day! He gets mad when I make him close the restaurant before eleven and when I don't dry his pants the way he likes or when I put too many strawberries in the jam. He gets pissy with me all the time. But so what? He's a man. Half the time, they're more blindsided than a horse, but that's alright. I love him all the same.\" \"Then why let him risk this pointless danger?\" Ellie May sighed. Damn if it wasn't like talking to wallpaper. \"Because to him it's not pointless. I love your brother for the man that he is. And it's things like this, these acts of necessary violence, that make him who he is. He's doing this, not because it's easy or fun or because he gets a kick out of hurting people, but because it's the right thing to do.\" \"The right thing?\" Emmy repeated her words. \"Please! They're going to murder people. How is that the right thing to do?! This is madness! It's nothing but senseless violence, and it makes them no better than your daddy!\" Ellie May froze. She hadn't thought about her father in years and never before had she ever had the urge to strike someone in anger. Her hand twitched at her side, ready to slap the stupidity out of Emmy. But she wasn't that kind of person. More importantly, Emmy hadn't uttered those words out of spite, but out of ignorance. Emmy was a rational creature. Of all the Bondurant children, she was the only one who'd completed all her years of schooling and she read just about anything she could get her hands on – books, magazines, recipes, newspapers, how-to instructions on farm equipment. Ellie May knew if she was going to get through to Emmy, she was going to have to appeal to her logic, not her emotions. \"Have you ever seen your brother beat a child? Or put his hands on a woman with malice?\" she asked quietly. Emmy licked her lips, jaw clenching. \"Your brothers are nothing like my father. My father was a sick, sorry man, who could offer this world nothing but hateand pain. Your brothers are the most loving men I know and, child, you are blind if you can't see that.\" Ellie May brushed passed Emmy to drop down onto one of the stools at the bar. She pressed her face into her hands. She suddenly felt very tired and briefly entertained the idea of a nap. She knew she couldn't, though. Too many things to do. She had to make breakfast, sew up that hole in one of Forrest's good shirts, feed the baby, sweep and mop the floor of the restaurant, restock the kitchen shelves, finish the load of laundry she'd started yesterday – and all of this was to be done before noon, when she, Grace, and the younger bunch would head off to the Bondurant farm to have lunch with Papa. Sneaking a peek over her shoulder at Emmy, Ellie May felt a tiny twinge of guilt for snapping at the young girl. She loved Emmy dearly. Emmy had always been her favorite. Well, once Emmy had gotten over her shyness as a child and acknowledged Ellie May, that is. She gestured for Emmy to join her at the bar. The young girl did so begrudgingly, the tips of her ears pink from embarrassment. She hadn't meant to say those things, or bring up Ellie May's father. She was just so frustrated and so worried. \"I know you love your brothers and I know you're just concerned for them. But you have to realize that they aren't just doing this out of anger, or vengeance. They're doing it for us, too.\" \"To what?\" asked Emmy. \"To protect us? That's just an excuse. We aren't in any danger. Those men don't care about us, just the liquor.\" Ellie May gave a sad frown. \"I'm afraid you're wrong there, sweetie. Not entirely wrong, but…yes, they care about the liquor. They care about it so much that they're willing to do just about anything to get it. Emmy, two of Vaught's men came here just before Grace was born. They waited until Forrest left, until I was alone, to break it.\" Emmy gasped, her slender fingers covering her mouth in shock. \"They could've done awful things to me. Things like my father used to do. Thankfully, Howard happened to have been sleeping in the back room. If he hadn't been here, Emmy, I might not be here. Grace, either. Think what you want, but those boys-\" Forrest and Howard, she meant. \"-don't make a single move until they know that it's what's best for us.\" \"I-I had no idea. Were you-I mean, they didn't-\" \"They didn't touch me. Didn't get the chance to.\" \"I'm sorry,\" said Emmy softly. She reached over and wound her arms around her the older woman's neck. They hugged for a few moments in the stillness of morning that comes just before the day begins. Until there came an abrupt crash from upstairs, followed by Grace's dramatic wails. Cricket appeared at the top of the stairs. \"Um, Miss Ellie May, you might wanna get up here…it looks like an outhouse exploded in there.\" Ellie May face dropped. Lovely. Outside, the first rays of morning sunlight were beginning to sleepily peak over the mountains. Damn, Ellie May thought. So much had happened already that morning and it wasn't even dawn, yet. That evening when Ellie May returned home from the Bondurant farm, she went straight to their bedroom and laid their daughter down for a nap. Dorothy Grace, having been fussy for the better part of the afternoon, went to sleep with little protest. Ellie May smiled down at her daughter, the quietness of the house enveloping her. Everything was silent. Ellie May blinked, her head cocking to the side as she strained to listen. Everything was silent. Where was the soft pitter-patter of doggy paws on the wooden floors? Where was the warm greeting of barking when she opened the front door? Where was the swoosh of a happy puppy's tail? Where was Dixie? A chilly breeze blew through the room, drawing Ellie May's eyes to the window. The curtains had been pushed to one side, the window hitched open. The same window that she had closed before they'd left earlier that day. That was when Ellie May realized she was not alone. There was someone in her home. I don't think this story is going to be quite as long as I'd originally imagined. I guessed about forty-five chapters but now it's looking more like forty. We're almost there! Are you excited to see what happens? I am, but I'm also sad to see it go. I love the Bondurants. I love their story. Maybe I'll revisit it one day. In response to a few guest reviews I couldn't reply to: Kimberly Anderso(n?)- You're very sweet to suggest so, but no, this will not be made into a movie. This story is complete fiction, whereas the original story was true, and it would be a little absurd to try to make a prequel to Lawless based on the fantasies of a teenage girl who'd never even heard the name Bondurant until Tom Hardy's name became attached to it. You also asked which actor I thought could play young Forrest and I'm sticking with Tom Hardy. The entire duration of this story, Tom was who I pictured, even when I was writing them younger. I simply pictured him with less facial hair and shorter, without so much muscle. Joe D- I don't know if you're aware, but I totally consider you a friend. I always look forward to your reviews because you give it to me straight, no bullshit. But you're never rude. I respect your opinion a lot and I hope you like where the story goes. Sorry there wasn't much action in this chapter, either. Guess you'll just have to read the next one![Chapter 37] My undying thanks and love go out to the following: Joe D, Dasiygirl95, Wolflihood, jess a, Alana, jamdropsmarblecakes, JohnnyStormsGirl, Guest, 26RH, Kimberly Anderso, Lulu, Slytherin Studios, and Not. So. Typical. Girl. You guys are awesome and wonderfully supportive. Thank you so much for all of your kind words and for sticking with me while we follow the lives of those Bondurants we love so much. This one is a bit of a mess! It's so violent that it's almost awful. I tried very hard to channel the vibes of the movie in terms of the action and I hope it played out well. Let me know what you think about that. We're almost there, folks! Just two more after this and we'll be saying goodbye…I don't want to talk about it now. I'm not quite ready to let this story go so let's just get on with it, shall we? As always, you know I hope you enjoy. Chapter Thirty-Six The figure stepped forward onto the ramp. He pushed forward the brim of a battered hat with a hand missing three of its fingers. The stranger scrutinized Forrest, shooting an oyster of dark brown tobacco juice out the side of his mouth. He was breathing deeply through wide nostrils like an angry bull at a rodeo. He stepped forward. Forrest was gonna let him make the first move. The middle Bondurant son understood that the more you knew about a man, the easier it was to make him fall. And you can tell a lot about a man by the way he fights – especially in the way he plans that first swing. The stranger went for the obvious blow, a hard and fast left hook to the jaw, meant to distract Forrest while the man's right arm came in at his ribs with a much greater force, the kind meant to break bones and bust organs. Forrest took that first left hook willingly. He staggered back from the blow, allowing him to narrowly miss the second, and the all-to-familiar taste of blood tickled his tongue. The burly stranger had split his lip. Out of reflex, Forrest's tongue flicked out to lick the bust on his bottom lip, a droplet of blood dribbling down his chin. The fighting around him had been carrying on for some time now. Bodies were strewn across the train yard – wrecked, bloodied, beaten. Some were dead. Others had merely surrendered to unconsciousness to escape the unrelenting pain that had been unleashed upon on them. Forrest and Howard were through. No more petty acts of vengeance. No more tug-of-war with the enemy. This was going to end. Today. When Forrest's opponent had swung, his movements had caused his shirt to rip at the sleeves and there was a large tear on the side, most likely from his brother's knife. The man's shirt was in ribbons. It hung loosely from his body and swayed in the evening wind. The stranger curled his lips in anger as he shred the garment to the ground. Now bare to the waist, the man stood before Forrest all sinew and gristle, huge but flabby. The furious stranger banged his fits together and moved in once more. Forrest's sharp gaze darted down from the man's dark face to the muscle of his arms as they flexed. This was all the warning Forrest needed and he jerked to the side, a punch grazing him, his huge fist whistling past Forrest's ear. Angered that Forrest managed to dodge yet another one of his blows, the stranger let out a bellow of rage and unleashed a storm of punches. The Bondurant male was able to duck or block most of the attack. He threw nothing in return, choosing instead to let his reflexes and instincts protect him from the powerful assault. His opponent was enraged. This was to be his downfall. Where he let his emotions carrying him, Forrest carefully calculated his moves. He waited for the man to exhaust himself, then he went in for the kill. Forrest destroyed the man in three simple blows. He did this so quickly and so emphatically that he wondered if he should be disturbed that he was able to kill with such ease. Forrest observed his fallen opponent's battered face, pressed into the dirt. The man was smiling. Angry in life, happy in death. Forrest frowned and kicked at the man's hand, the one missing three fingers. Wonder how that happened. Forrest turned and saw that his brother was crouched behind an overturned train car, his gun cocked and held erect in front of his thick chest. Howard waited, listening, before yanking himself up to fire off another round at whoever it was he was aiming to shoot. Across the train yard, Everett was getting his face pummeled in by a man the size of a bear with a sweat stain on his shirt that was so wide Forrest reckoned he could swim in it. Danny was still up and swingin' too, somewhere near the tree line. Mitchell was taking on three men at once and as Forrest took a step his way, prepared to aid his friend, his path became blocked by two equally beefy men with droopy eyes and crooked grins. Forrest's hand tightened around his brass knuckles. Here we go again. Everett couldn't take this. He might not have been a bitch but he wasn't built like an ox and his body could only take so much. The mountain of a man on top of him was never going to run out of energy and if Everett didn't do something fast he was sure he'd lose consciousness. Blinking through swollen eyes, Everett took another strike to his stomach and hastily surveyed his surroundings. There was a pile of coal lying next to the train tracks ten feet away. A shovel stuck out from beneath the pile and Everett saw his chance. Whipping his head toward his attacker, Everett drew back and spit in the man's face. The fury that followed was immediate but the distraction had given Everett just enough time to drop to the dirt and seize the shovel. His attacker realized Everett's plan and staggered back. He had nothing to defend himself with against a shovel, no knife, or crowbar. Panic briefly flickering across the stranger's features, he withdrew a pistol from the band of his dunagrees. Everett gathered a shovel-full of coal. For a second, the man's gun pointed directly at Everett's face. Everett lifted to his knees and arced the shovel round, hurling the coal right into the stranger's face. The man fired and Everett dropped. The wind from the bullet blew a few of his slick, dark locks, a stray hair or two fluttering to the ground. Shit, that was close. Leaping to his feet, Everett wielded the shovel like a mad man, knocking the pistol out of his attacker's grip and rendering a devastating blow to the stranger's head. The man was out cold. A bullet flew past Howard's face. With a curse, the eldest Bondurant quickly collapsed back behind his barricade. He was definitely gettin' too old for this shit. Grumbling under his breath, Howard reloaded his gun, the bullets jiggling in his pocket like Christmas bells. Once the bullets were chambered, Howard realized like a bad taste in his mouth that after this round he'd only have three shots left. The Bondurant male steeled himself and chanced another look at his shooter. The man was hiding behind two rows of double-stacked barrels, the kind used for shipping oil. There was no way Howard was going to get off a decent shot. He was going to have to get closer. Inching around the side of the train car, Howard eyed the control stand where the train yard's night watchmen held their post. The stand was a tiny four by four square, not much more than a shack, and it had wide windows all the way around. But it was going to have to do. Howard took a deep breath, fired off a shot meant to intimidate the other shooter, and took off runnin'. He hauled ass over to the train yard stand and dropped like dead weight. His heart was racing, his pulse thundering in his ears as Hell rained down on them. He could hear the agonized cries of the other men. Could hear the echoes of bullets whizzing in the air. Could hear the crunch of breaking bones and the squishy burst of gushing blood. The train yard had erupted into pure chaos. The moment was one that was painfully familiar and suddenly Howard was no longer in Virginia but in France, smack dab in the middle of a war. His dirty farm work-shirt and dungarees morphed into his old uniform and his pistol became a military issued rifle. The jiggling of bullets in his pocket was actually his dog tags making music around his neck. He wasn't just fighting for his family, he was fighting for his country, for freedom and safety for all. Then Danny was there and he was yelling at Howard but Howard couldn't quite make out what he was saying. He could see Danny's lips moving but the words were lost behind the backdrop of war, of explosions and gunfire, of screams and desperate pleas for help. Danny was waving his gun and gesturing to Howard's back. Twisting in the dirt, Howard peeked over his barricade and saw the enemy approaching. He was close, pistol poised before him, and Howard was virtually unprotected. From thirty feet away, Howard's best friend raised, aimed, and fired. The shot pierced the ground mere inches from the enemy shooter's feet. The man jumped back and blinked. That moment of hesitation, trying to decide which way to shoot, was enough time to allow Howard the shot he needed. The shooter took the bullet in the forehead, just above his right eye. And then Howard was home again. Danny had used his last shot to save his best buddy because even these days he spent most of his time protecting Howard's six. Now, he was wielding his empty pistol like an ax. The man he fought was tall and lean, like Everett, and he had greasy blonde hair that was so blonde it was almost white. He wore it slicked back over his face, the ends curving like a duck's tail. Usually, Danny liked to taunt his opponents. He'd give that damn smile he's so famous for and say a few flashy, mocking words that questioned his enemy's manhood and his ability to please his woman. He'd joke and jest and generally piss off his opponent until the other man saw red. And then, while his enemy succumbed to his own rage, Danny would smirk and snicker before obliterating his opponent. Usually, that was the way that Danny Mitchell won a fight. Usually, but not today. He didn't feel like teasing and taunting today. In fact, Danny felt very little. He was so wrecked with guilt, pain, and anger over what happened to Gummy, that the oldest Mitchell son had become numb. Unfortunately, because of that numbness he didn't register the fist flying straight at his mouth. With a foul curse, Danny swallowed a mouthful of his own blood, his teeth rattling around in his brain, and tackled his opponent. Danny's advance sent them tumbling down the slope of the hill. They rolled until Danny's back landed painfully on the train tracks. The skinny man landed on top of Danny, clumsily delivering a handful of poorly aimed punches in his temporarily disoriented state. The railings of the tracks dug into Danny's shoulders and as he tried to inch away from his attacker he felt the sting of sliced flesh. The tracks had cut through his shirt and split his skin. Danny brought his knee up between the man's legs and lurched himself upward when the man cried out in pain. He kicked his opponent back with as much force as he could muster lying sideways on the ground. They scrambled to their feet. They each threw out sloppy blows as they regained their footing, their fists hitting nothing but air. Swiping the sweat from his eyes, Danny launched himself at the skinny man once more, but this time he planned for a better landing. Using his weight for leverage, Danny bridled his attacker like a saddle. He fisted his hands in the man's greasy blonde-white hair and reared upwards before immediately slamming back down. The impact of his head thrusting against the ground was deadly. The man's jaw clapped together, bits of teeth breaking off. Danny lifted his man's head, his opponent's hands clawing at the fingers in his hair, and slammed his head back down once more. And then again and again, until the skinny man's head was good and bashed in, blood caking Danny's fingers and building up under his fingernails. When his work was finished, Danny slumped back against the tracks. He sighed heavily and wiped his hands in the grass. The dead man's hair wasn't blonde anymore. It was red. The ground beneath him seemed to shake as his shoulders met the dirt. He'd hit the train yard floor with such intensity that the air rushed out of his chest and he thought for sure his lungs were going to collapse inside him. Vaught might have been a shit-heap and a coward but Forrest would give him credit for one thing: he'd learned his lesson while dealing with the Bondurants. After a dance or two with Forrest and Howard, Vaught knew he couldn't rely on those top hat-wearing, mustached city rats with their walking sticks and fancy jackets. Vaught had taken one look at Kellar after the Bondurant brothers got a hold of him and immediately went out and hired the toughest lookin' couple of mugs he could find. The bunch of city slickers he normally surrounded himself with just weren't going to cut it anymore. He needed men who could take a hit and keep on swingin'. And the men they were fighting today did just that. Forrest rolled as his attacker's foot came down, slamming into the packed earth were his face had been only seconds before. His beloved brass knuckles secure on his right fist, Forrest hammered away at the man's ankle until he fell with a satisfying cry. But, before Forrest could get to his feet and finish him off, Howard appeared to his left and kicked the man square in his face. The man slumped to the ground. Howard smiled wearily at his little brother. Forrest did nothing to return the gesture and sunk back into the dirt, great gulps of air disappearing into his lungs. He took a moment to gather his bearings before attempting to regain his footing. Only, his latest attacker's bone-crunching punch had taken it out of him and he sagged back to the ground. \"Need some help there, kiddo?\" murmured Howard, his eyes sweeping the scene. \"Shut up, jackass,\" Forrest grumbled sourly. His breathing was only returning to normal. Sitting up in the dirt, Forrest shook the cobwebs from his brain. He eyed the unconscious man at his side. He probed the man's foot with the toe of his boot. \"Gotta hand it to him-\" Forrest accepted Howard's extended hand and rose to his feet. \"-he had me flat on my ass…that don't happen much.\" \"I think Everett just got the last of 'em,\" called Danny Mitchell as he gradually wandered over. He was clutching his side and his hat was missing, the cuffs of his shirt bloodied and torn. He swallowed, blinking slowly, and pinned the brothers with a withered stare. \"Can we go home now?\" The weather was due to break open; all day the sky had been gathering and folding along the edges, and Forrest and the others still had a good twenty miles to travel through the mountains to get home. They were exhausted, their bones rattling inside their bodies, groaning. Their muscles ached, their hands bleeding from the physical abuse they'd just endured. Their feet hurt, too. Swelling from the pressure in the air, they strained their boots, the cracked leather bending around their toes. The first thing they noticed as they slowly pulled into the lot of The County Line, one after another, was the solemn look on the faces of their loved ones. Everyone was there. Papa, Lucy, Emmy, Jack, Cricket. Everyone except- \"Where's Ellie May?\" Forrest immediately asked as he and the others piled out of their vehicles. When no one spoke, Howard's stomach gave a painful jerk. Howard watched his wife's shoulders beginning to shake as a handful of tears slipped silently down her cheeks. His little sister's face was white and smooth but blank, like a stone. Cricket sat on the front steps behind Jack, his arm curled around the porch railings. He was rocking in place, just like Emmy had done after their mother and sisters died. He was quiet, his eyes wide and unfocused. Their father was in the rocking chair by the door, his old body half-slumped over in defeat. He looked so utterly sad. Today, he wore no hat on his head and his hands, warped with arthritis, trembled against the arm rests of the chair. Papa's lips parted and he made a notion as if to speak to Forrest but all that came out was a low breath. Their father was speechless. Howard watched Forrest raise his eyebrows in confusion. \"Where's Ellie May?\" His younger brother took a step toward the porch and Jack jumped up, blocking his path. Of everyone there, Jack looked the worst of all. His face was splotchy and red, his cheeks glistening, his eyes spiderwebbed and red like his cheeks. He'd been bawling for hours, it seemed. When he spoke, Jack's voice was shattered and he nearly choked on each word. \"Forrest, I'm s-so sorry . I s-shoulda come back with h-her…I never shoulda let-\" Jack was violently cut off by a strangled noise escaping his throat. He, like their father's hands and his wife's shoulders, was trembling. But not from fear, from an overwhelming sorrow. Jack swallowed thickly and struggled to breathe. His words were a whisper against the wind, \"I'm so sorry, Forrest.\" Forrest didn't know what the hell Jack was talking about or why the hell no one would tell him where his wife was or why everyone was damn crying. He pushed Jack aside, not rough exactly, but just so he could get by. He took to the steps with heavy feet, his footfalls sounding like thunder clapping over the mountains. Just as his fingers seized hold of the handle on the front screen door, slender fingers coiled around his wrist. He looked at his father expectantly. \"Please don't, son.\" Granville Bondurant's words were softly spoken, his tone solemn and sad – a warning. \"There ain't nothing in there you want to see.\" Forrest couldn't register the tears in his father's eyes or the distant look on the old man's face. Coaxing Papa's fingers off his wrist, Forrest pulled open the front door of The County Line and froze. You want to review, yes?[Chapter 38] This chapter is dedicated to everyone who has been with this story from the beginning. I know this is what you all have been waiting for (and dreading). I'm so sorry it had to come to this, but I warned you, ya know? I warned you in the prologue that Forrest was still going to marry Maggie, but please know that I feel your pain. Trust me, I do. I didn't want this to happen any more than you did. I love Ellie May. I love her and Forrest together, but we knew it had to end this way. Though this isn't technically the ending. There are two more chapters after this and then an epilogue (also, in the epilogue it will be revealed who the old man telling this story is; twenty bucks says no one can guess who). As usual, I would like to send out a major, holy-shit-thanks-a-bunch to: Dasiygirl95, Joe D, Slytherin Studios, JohnnyStormsGirl, jamdropsmarblecakes, Not. So. Typical. Girl., Wolflihood, IsYourH3artTaken, FeatherSun19994, MarvelWorksWonders, TomHardyGirl6489, enigmaofherself, merrygolds, ajubow, Kay1104, Kwiff, Kerry S, and, of course, everyone who reviewed as a Guest. You support means the world to me! I'm so, so damn happy you like the story. Please, still like it after this chapter, yeah? Um, so, enjoy…though, admittedly, that might be a bit difficult this chapter. Chapter Thirty-Seven His skin tingled with warmth from the sun, his back tickled by the grass. His arms were at his sides. He could feel the Virginia clay beneath his fingertips. Tapping his fingers against the Earth, he soaked up the sunlight, enjoying the heat on his face and arms. Though, his eyes were closed but he could hear her approach. The corners of his mouth gave a subtle lift as she settled in the grass beside him. \"You know, lying in the dirt is usually my kinda thing. Not yours.\" He could hear the smirk in her voice. It was there in the playful way the words rolled off her tongue and floated in the space between them before landing gently against his ears. She had the sweetest voice. Forrest briefly wondered if he would ever gather enough courage to tell her that. Peeking one eye open, he glanced at the young girl next to him. Her eyes were squinted, narrowed to block out as much of the sun's unyielding power as possible, and her mouth was set in a content line. Maybe he would tell her one day. \"What're you staring at?\" she teased him and Forrest ignored the way his insides felt a little lighter when she spoke, \"Nothin'.\" His gaze shifted over her head as he glanced back the farm. \"M'surprised you managed to get away.\" Ellie May snickered. \"I almost didn't. Era wanted me to braid her hair again but then Belva saved me. She mentioned something about the dance over at the Waldrop's place and, well, you know Era. They're busy sewing up a new dress now.\" She squirmed in the dirt, a pebble digging into her back. Unlodging the pesky rock from the clay, she fidgeted until she was able to make herself comfortable against the flat, packed Earth. She ought to be back at the house with the girls, she reckoned. Belva was only just now warming up to her and they still had some serious bondin' to do. And yet, Ellie May found she was right where she wanted to be. Biting her lip, she stole a quick and curious peek at the boy next to her. Ever since she'd officially taken up residence at the Bondurant farm, Ellie May couldn't seem to stand it when Forrest was away from her. When they were together, she noticed the very second he left and was anxious until he returned. With an embarrassed frown, Ellie May realized she was clinging to Forrest the same way the littlest Bondurant, Emmy, clung to their mother. Well, shit. \"Forrest…\" \"Hmm?\" he hummed, his eyes remaining firmly shut, the glorious sunlight soaking through his skin. She drummed her fingers on her stomach. Her feet tapped absently, her toes swaying a cluster of weeds and flowers. \"Um, I just…well, I wanted to…I never said 'thank you' for what you did with my-\" \"You don't have to,\" he immediately cut her off. He may have enjoyed the sound of her voice, but this was one damn conversation he wasn't exactly itchin' to have. \"Yes, I do. Forrest, it's been months and I-\" \"Ellie May, I'm tellin' you, you don't ha-\" \"I want to.\" Propping up on her elbows in the dirt, Ellie May peered down at him, her nose wrinkled. She lifted a hand to shield her eyes from the sun. \"Let me say this and I'll leave you alone, alright? … thank you, Forrest. For everything. You didn't have to stick up for me yesterday against Howard, or last week with Belva. You didn't have to defend my honor against Clyde Eller at the Jamison wood choppin'. And you, by no means, had to protect me against my father…but you did and I want to thank you for that.\" Forrest shifted uncomfortably. He didn't understand why she felt she had to do this. She was makin' a big deal outta nothin' at all. His actions weren't anything to fuss about. He was simply doing what he knew was right. And bringing her here? Welcoming her as a part of his family? Forrest had no doubt in his mind this was where she belonged. It had only been natural. Recognizing the stubborn set in Forrest's jaw, Ellie May slumped back into the dirt and rubbed her face and sighed. \"Shit, you've been protecting me this whole damn time, Forrest. And I'm so grateful. I want you to know that. You've…you've given me a life, Forrest. A good life. Your family is wonderful and…I wake up every morning and try to wrap my head around it. You and your family have been so good to me, so very, very kind. All because you wanted to protect me from my father.\" She blinked, her stomach in a giant, emotional knot, and took another deep breath, steadying the powerful culmination of feelings inside her. Ellie May said it simply. \"You saved me, Forrest. I can't begin to wonder why you would take on that responsibility, but I want to thank you all the same.\" He was quiet for a moment. Then, with an excruciating slowness, his hand wormed through the grass like a snake as it reached for hers. Their fingers weaved together and Forrest could practically see the weight lifting off Ellie May's chest. She gave his hand a squeeze as he drawled, \"You know why.\" Because, she suspected, he loved her. \"I like to think so,\" she replied. A secret smile hinted at the edges of his full lips. Ellie May turned her head to look at him pointedly. A tuff of grass brushed her cheek. \"Well?\" A grunt thumped the back of his throat. \"Huh?\" \"Typically, when someone says 'thank you,' its customary to say 'you're welcome' back.\" Her eyes glistened as she taunted him. The lift in his lips gradually turned upward, his mouth finally curving into a grin. She was unbelievable, his Ellie May. His eyes searching her face, Forrest grinned, \"You're welcome.\" Several long minutes passed as the young boy and girl lay in the dirt and grass, the sun beating down on them mercilessly. They bathed in the warmth and in one another's company. They had had enough of heavy conversation for today and their thoughts drifted off somewhere in the distance, to lighter, trivial things. Ellie May thought of the dance at the Waldrop's place. She wondered if she could coax a dance or two out of the surly boy at her side. And Forrest thought of his older brother Howard. A few months had passed since his brother's return from the war and Forrest was still trying to make heads or tails of the stranger who stalked their farm in the shape of his brother. While they lay there, Forrest took note of the soft whistle coming passed Ellie May's lips with each breath. The soothing noise was so unlike the nasally rumble of Jack's breathing that lulled him to sleep each night, one arm slung over his baby brother's chest as they swayed in their rope bed. He was used to Jack's snores but acknowledged the part of him that suggested he'd much rather fall asleep next to the gentle noises of Ellie May. Studying the tones of her even breathing, Forrest examined her out the corner of his eye. He recalled his first impression of her on that fateful day when his father had brought her into their home, bloodied and beaten. Forrest had thought that she would've been beautiful if she'd been properly fed and cleaned up. Now, he knew that, while his protective inclinations toward her might've made him slightly biased, Ellie May Davis was the prettiest girl he'd ever seen, even in spite of the faint scar that marred her left cheek. Damned if wasn't gonna tell her that someday. She could feel his gaze on her. She always felt it when he stared. Often, she wondered what he saw when he watched her. Was he looking for something? Or studying something he'd already discovered? Whatever his reasons, Ellie May enjoyed teasing him whenever she caught him staring and often such jests led to a delightful shade of pink tinting Forrest's cheeks and the tips of his ears. \"You're doing it again…\" Immediately, he turned away from her, grunting something along the lines of, \"M'not.\" A few dark clouds were approaching from the south. Forrest frowned. He didn't want the rain to ruin their day. Apparently Ellie May also noticed the black and gray clusters in the sky, because she murmured, \"I heard your father talking this morning about the radio broadcast. Said those tornadoes in Alabama and Tennessee are headed straight our way. Supposed to get 'em by the end of the week.\" She eyed the dark haze. \"Maybe we should head back closer to the house.\" Forrest lightly shook his head. \"S'alright.\" Obviously, the woman didn't know much about the weather. Those were just some petty rain clouds. The tornadoes, assuming that they didn't die out before they reached Virginia, wouldn't be seen for another several days. The young girl snickered. \"What? You gone protect me from the tornadoes, too?\" Once more, the usually stoic boy grinned and a light laugh echoed in his chest. Her sassy comment had caught him off-guard yet again. \"Yeah,\" he nodded. \"Yeah, Ellie May, I'll protect you from them, too.\" She smiled at him and shook her head in disbelief. \"You're just gonna protect me from everything, aren't cha?\" Forrest, his think lips still twisted in a half-grin, replied, \"From everything. Always.\" \"Promise?\" \"I promise.\" He continued to hold her hand in the grass. Forrest made that promise to Ellie May a long time ago. It was a promise that he had fully intended to keep and a promise he wasn't prepared for when he broke it. He was numbly aware of Howard's voice, desperate and strangled, trying to reach through the fog of his mind. He could feel the hands on his shoulders as he crumbled to his knees. This wasn't real. This couldn't be real. How could everything he loved, everything that he had worked so damn hard his whole life to build, his family, be gone? Taken from him. Stolen from him. Murdered – viciously and savagely. Ellie May was dead. Her body was the first thing he saw. He didn't realize it in that moment, but it would later be clear to him that the position of her body had been stage. He would assume that it had been his father who had respectfully laid Ellie May's body as she was. Papa Bondurant had placed her on her back, arms folded over her stomach, her hair pulled over one shoulder. Her eyes had been closed. Her lower half had been covered by a torn tablecloth which, along with the bits of her dress that he could see, was drenched in her own blood, pools and ribbons of the crimson liquid decorating the hardwood flooring. There was so much blood. His wife's blood. There was so much on the floor and not enough in her body that already she had started to pale, the tell-tale signs of death flashing like big-city lights across her body. The tables and chairs were in shambles, one chair busted in the center of the room, the others overturned, tables slammed against the wall. She must have put up one hell of a fight but whatever she had done it hadn't been enough. And he hadn't been there to save her. He hadn't been there to protect her like he promised he always would. He had broken his promise, had let Ellie May down, and it had cost her life. And then the hands on his shoulders were gone. But he couldn't register the absence. All Forrest could do was stare in disbelief and shock, devastation coursing through his veins. His chest was seized with a foul, agonizing pain. Like the Devil had his fingers coiling around Forrest's lungs and was slowly squeezing the life out of him, ripping his every insides out. He couldn't tear his gaze from his wife's body. Ellie May was dead. This wasn't real. This couldn't be happening. His attention training solely on his wife, Forrest didn't see Howard bolt passed him, the hands gone from his shoulders. He didn't see his older brother taking the stairs two at a time. Didn't hear the bang! of his bedroom door being throw open. Didn't register the absolute bitter wail of a grown man lying eyes on the still-form of his infant niece, dead in her crib, the crib Forrest built for her. Didn't feel the foundations of The County Line shaking as Howard collapsed upstairs, Dorothy Grace's limp body curled to his chest, his harsh, heartbreaking sobs ricocheting off the windows. Oblivious to all of this, Forrest started forward towards her. His body moving of its own account, he crawled on his hands and knees until he was at his wife's side. His vision blurring, he reached for her face, his voice low and shaking, like a child's, \"Ellie May…E-Ellie May, c-come back.\" The second his fingertips brushed her cheek, his fingers twitched in surprise. Her skin was so cold. Her cheeks had sunken in, her eye lids droopy. \"Ellie May, please ,\" he pleaded weakly, his chest mere seconds away from caving in on itself. Fuck, he couldn't breathe. This wasn't real. This couldn't be happening. Forrest didn't feel the tears slip down his cheeks, the droplets dripping onto her soaked dress, as he cupped her face with one hand, the other desperately searching her body for the source of all the blood. She couldn't be dead. She could be saved. He could save her. \"Jack! Fetch the car!\" he hollered, his hands now working with a desperate fervor, the tablecloth discarded at his side. He just had to staunch the blood long enough for doc to stitch her up. He'd had a blood transfusion before. They could do the same for Ellie May, now. But there were so many wounds, little nips and cuts here and there, and then three long, wide gashes that sliced deep into her abdomen. \" Jack! The car!\" Only, Jack wouldn't get the car because his wife couldn't be saved. She was already dead. The woman he'd loved since he was fifteen years old, so passionately that even the angles in Heaven must have envied their affection, was dead. The perfect, beautiful daughter that he and Ellie May made was dead. The family he loved with his whole damn heart – they were dead. Gone. Taken. Stolen. Murdered. Someone had come into his home and brutally taken what was his. There had been no mercy here today. No second guessing, no holding back. His wife and daughter had been ripped from his arms with all the brutality those men could muster. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Forrest recalled a bible verse that he'd made Ellie May read to him the day he proposed. \"Solomon 8:6 - Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave. It burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame.\" For love is as strong as death… Forrest felt the loss of his wife in the very deepest pits of his soul. He felt her loss in the ache of his bones and in the emptiness that suddenly consumed him. Ellie May gone. She was not coming back. Ellie May had once told him that when they kissed, it felt like a volcano. She would erupt, in a great burst of heat and power that exploded from within. The sensation would bubble up, slow and fiery, until her entire being tingled from it. She told him kissing him had been overwhelming. He had never understood what she meant until now. He felt the internal eruption. Felt the slow and fiery build up. Felt the overwhelming burst of white-hot rage and power consume him. Love was indeed like a blazing fire, like a mighty flame, even in death. Forrest gazed at the lifeless body of his beloved as she lay unmoving in his arms and he felt that flame inside. He was going to burn them all. Every single, last, son of a bitch who had a hand in his wife's murder, he was going to make them pay. He was going to sear their flesh, flay them over an open fire, until their skin melted from their bones and fell like wax to the floor. He going to watch them burn and hear their agonized screams and he would rejoice in their pain and suffering. He was going to burn them all. A blazing fire. A mighty flame. Breaks your heart, doesn't it? Review and tell me all about it – it's like free therapy.[Chapter 39] There's lots of potty-mouth words in this one, guys. And some people get mucked up pretty badly. If you're sensitive to that sort of thing…well, why the hell are you reading this story? It feels weird to say my usual \"Hope you enjoy\" because if you enjoy this chapter I'll be a little concerned. I didn't enjoy it. In fact, it made me very sad and a little scared and I just wanna watch super happy Disney movies now until I fall asleep. So, don't \"enjoy\" it, but read it anyway and be terrified. Chapter Thirty-Eight Tom Cundiff heard the news first thing Monday morning when his girl Missy bailed him out of the county jail. His buddy Gummy Coleman was dead. So were Forrest's wife and little girl. Missy told him Forrest had taken off, going to kill every damn sorry, rotten bastard that had been involved. And fuck it all if he hadn't missed it. All because he'd gotten into a drunken brawl with that chicken-shit deputy Henry Abshire on Friday night and they don't let ya post bail on the weekends. Tom was livid. Fuckin' pigs. Findin' 'em hadn't been hard. There was a set of tire tracks heading through the woods off the back of the property. They followed the tracks until they met up with highway 70. There, the trail died out for roughly twenty miles but, see, Forrest and Howard knew that county like the back of their hands. For that twenty mile stretch, they knew every farm, house, and shack. They knew every neighboring family down to the horses in the stables. None of the folks in that area would'a let in a couple of strangers, especially seein' as how they were undoubtedly covered in Ellie May's blood. Those bastards would've had no choice but to continue on. The first town they hit was called Jonesville. Forrest had only ever passed through the sleepy town, but Howard knew it well. He had frequented the place when he'd first returned from the war. There was a juke joint in the basement of an old saloon that was owned by a young black couple that Howard had particularly enjoyed. If his wife's and daughter's murders had stopped in this town, that's where they'd be. Forrest could tell the second his feet hit the battered cellar floors that the men who'd butchered his family were in the room. He felt it. The hairs on his neck and arms rose like hackles and a great ache throbbed in his bones. They were here. He knew it. Forrest's eyes scanned the room while Howard stomped over to the bar and hollered above all the racket for the bartender to fetch the owner. It was so loud in the juke joint. There was noise coming from all directions – men smooth-talking the ladies, women giggling and hooting, couples laughin' and crowing away along with the band in the corner who were goin' at it on a couple of old guitars. The band was nothin' more than three old, gray-bearded black men with dark eyes, half-lidded from mule, all of 'em frowning, lost in the music. They were wailing away with Me and the Devil Blues , some Robert Johnson song. \" So deep down in the ground, You may bury my body Down by the highway side. Baby, I don't care where you bury my body When I'm dead and gone. You may bury my body, woooo, Down by the highway side.\" A handful of seconds later, Melvin Talbot, the youthful owner, short and lean like Jack, emerged from the back. He approached Howard, dusting his hands on a rag he then tossed over his shoulder as he braced his hands on the counter top. \"Just what can I do for you?\" Howard leaned in close so Melvin could hear him over the ruckus. \"We're looking for some men. I don't know how many or what they look like, but they would've been shaken, probably actin' nervous and got blood on 'em. You seen anybody like that?\" Melvin's little eyes flickered to the hulking figure behind Howard. He was an ox of a man, thick across the shoulders but smaller in the waist. He could'a put a hurtin' on a man and looked 'bout like he was ready to. This man looked troubled, disturbed even, and damn awkward. He stood like a statue in the middle of the hoard of sweaty, dancing bodies, unmoving. Women tossed him flirtatious smiles while their men shot him jealous glares. Melvin didn't want no trouble but there was something off about this man. He looked broken. The longer Melvin stared the stronger his suspicions were affirmed. This man was shattered, no doubt about it. And a hurt like that don't just go away. Hurt like that also don't just happen. Something was done to this man. Something awful. Melvin let his eyes wander about his joint. Howard followed the owner's eyes to a round table in the back. Three men sat at the table – two of 'em with odd, distinct physical features. One had a rope burn around his neck as if, once upon a time, he had survived a lynching. The other's face, mainly his fat nose, was busted all to hell. He had become a sunrise, his cheeks and nose a hundred shades of red, blue, and purple. They'd come in about five hours ago and had made a beeline for the bar. Melvin recalled that he'd felt sort a funny about 'em. They'd seemed frantic, practically trembling and itching for a drink. They all but demanded he give them enough mountain liquor to kill a horse and had taken their drinks to the back where they now remained, hunched over the table, smoking and drinking the night away, ignoring ever other soul in the place. Howard slid fifty bucks across the juke joint's bar toward the owner. He hiked him thumb over his shoulder and told Melvin that he and Forrest wanted the place to themselves tonight, that everybody else had to go on and get the fuck out. \"Your friend,\" Melvin nodded over Howard's shoulder. \"-he know those men?\" Gazing at the round table full of drunkards, Howard's blood boiled and his lips spread into a thin line. \"Not for long,\" he growled, shoving off of the bar and over to his brother. \"You think it's them?\" Forrest did not reply. He merely stood there, paralyzed, and stared hard. He looked white as a sheet. Like he was trying to will those men dead with his mind. Swallowing thickly, Howard nudged his brother forward with his shoulder and he and Forrest made for the back table. Behind them, Melvin began waving folks out, the band's music slowly bumbling to a stop. There was a great uproar of confusion and anger in the joint, but eventually the rowdy patrons were wrestled from the cellar, the three men casually glancing around, curious as to what was happening. When the men spotted the Bondurant brothers heading their way, their red-rimmed and blurry eyes widened. Panicking, one of the men, Sunrise, bolted upright and struggled in his intoxicated state to withdraw the pistol from the waistband of his dungarees. Howard acted instinctively. He pulled his pistol from his pocket, flipping the worn mass of steel and wood in his hand. He shot the man dead with a single bullet to the throat. The initial wave of panic that flooded the men's faces was all the confirmation Forrest required; Sunrise trying to fight back was a pretty big fuckin' clue to boot. These were the men, the bastards, the fucking piece of shit murderers who had viciously taken his family from him. And these motherfuckers were gonna pay. It happened very fast. Forrest caught Rope Burn by the back of the neck and slung him to the floor. He worked furiously, efficiently. His body twisted and burned, fire rising inside him, his fists pummeling away at every inch of the man's being. One hit, two hit, three, four, five, six. Two more. Another. Each thrust of fist more ferocious than the one before. Somehow Forrest managed to wallop Rope Burn all over, despite the fact that Forrest was straddling him, his fist pounding away at every inch of pathetic, sack-of-shit flesh. He managed to get him in the legs and stomach, Rope Burn's organs a single hit away from rupturing within the confines of his shattered ribcage. Forrest had never fought so intensely; he lost himself in the desperate rage that consumed him. He punched hard , deep in rhythm, coiling and exploding, his muscles pumping full of blood, again and again and again . But no amount of thrashing would bring his wife back, or his daughter, and that made Forrest punch even harder. When his knuckles were so ripped and raw that the skin flayed back like scales on a fish, enough to see bone, Forrest dropped his arms to his side and opted for kicking instead. His legs shot forward in alternating kicks – first the face, then the gut repeatedly , already broken ribs now caving inward, organs spewing from the inside out, then back to the head, three swift kicks to the face. Rope Burn's head collided unforgivingly against the hard cellar floor, his skull cracking, and his eyes rolled so that all Forrest could see were the whites. And only then, when Forrest knew the man was dead, did his actions cease. His world spun. He waited for the satisfaction. Waited for the bittersweet taste of revenge. Only, it didn't come, and that fueled Forrest's fire. He spun, angry, and remembered that there are two others. Well, one other, because his brother shot the first, Sunrise, the one Forrest would later suspect that Ellie May had smashed across the face with the busted chair that was scattered across the floor of The County Line. Sunrise's death had been instant, too-clean. It was a death that bastard didn't deserve. Forrest had wanted to make them suffer, all of them. With only one left, Forrest guessed he'd have to make him suffer enough for the both of 'em. When Forrest attacked Rope Burn, Howard had throttled the remaining man. He pressed his legs into the man's chest, half hoping the sheer weight of a mountain like himself would crush the man's lungs. Howard wanted to wrap his fingers around the son of a bitch's neck and squeeze. Squeeze until the cheeks turned blue, the eyes blurred red, and he felt the life slip away, right beneath his fingers. This bastard had killed Ellie May, one of the best women he'd ever known, one of the best and closest friends he'd ever had, and his beautiful, perfect little niece, a completely defenseless and innocent child. He was a savage, sorry, cowardly lump of shit and Howard wanted to take his life away just as brutally as he'd taken theirs. But he couldn't. This fight may have been his and Forrest's to share, they'd both lost loved ones after all, but, when it boiled down to it, this was his brother's war. So instead, Howard did the brotherly thing and held the fucker down while Forrest destroyed Rope Burn. Then, when Rope Burn's beady eyes disappeared inside his skull, and Forrest stood with a slump in his shoulders and his face grim, Howard stepped back. The remaining man scrambled in a blind panic. He turned, trying to claw his way to freedom against the cellar floor, but Forrest snatched him by the ankles and went to work. Howard watched numbly. His body ached, burned beneath the surface, itching for his own chance at vengeance. Fuck, if he didn't hit something soon his throat was going to rip itself open, a million profanities ripping through him as he roared at the top of his lungs. Shit, he needed a drink. Howard left Forrest to his therapy and went in search of something to take the haunted edge off of him. He found a stack of some putrid, brown gunk under the bar. It smelled rancid and tasted even worse but Howard needed it. Desperately. Pathetically. He tossed it back until the bottle was empty, then he went for another. He drank as he watched Forrest beat out his pain, his agony, his frustration and guilt. Howard tried to focus on the task at hand, focus on getting justice for his family. He tried not to think about the fact that he would never hold little Gracie again. That he would no longer hear her sweet, baby laugh, or tickle her chubby belly until she gurbled pleasant baby-talk at him. That he would never again get under Ellie May's skin, grating away at her nerves until she smacked him or went off at the mouth. That he would never get to tell Ellie May that he loved her. That he would never be able to thank Ellie May because she had saved his family; she kept them together after the flu took his mother and sisters, stopped him from drowning himself in booze, made Forrest a good, honest, happy man, looked after Jack and Emmy like they were her own. That he- Fuck. Something hot boiled inside Howard, like a sob on fire, demanding release, and he tilted his head back and clamped his eyes shut. He had to maintain control. He had to be strong for Forrest. He couldn't- And then Forrest was in front of him and determined and asking for his gun. Howard almost asked, \"Where's your's?\" But that was a stupid question and he didn't really need the answer so he simply handed his pistol over and watched curiously as Forrest shot the man in the leg, the fatty part of the thigh to be exact. Then, he shot him one more time, in the shin. Forrest knelt at the man's feet. He demanded, his voice low and predatory, dangerous, disastrous, to know Vaught's location. These men hadn't simply murdered his wife and child, they'd been sent to. They were following orders and Forrest knew exactly where the fuck those orders came from. It wasn't going to be enough to kill the bastards that had done it; Forrest was going to kill the man responsible. \"I don't know,\" the man cried. At least, that's what Howard thought he said. His precise words were difficult to understand, the syllables formed by a swollen mouth full of blood and cracked teeth. Forrest rocked forward on his heels, his massive, crimson hand coming to rest on the man's ankle. Forrest slid his thumb over the bullet wound. He pressed down – hard. The man screamed in agony merely encouraging Forrest to press deeper, harder, twisting his thumbnail into the torn flesh, blood bubbling up around his finger. He pressed until he felt something hard beneath him, bone or bullet. His thumb stuck in the man's skin and muscle, Forrest repeated himself, followed by a growling, \"Lie to me again and I'll shoot your dick off next.\" The beaten man sobbed, his fractured shoulders shaking against the basement floor. Tears mixed with puss and blood and created rivers across his skin. \"Please… please… I don't know…I don't know…\" \"Did Ellie May say 'please'?\" called Howard, stalking out from behind the bar. The bottle of brown booze in hand, Howard towered over the crumpled, pathetic man. His lips pulled back over his teeth, a wolf exposing his canines. \"Did she beg you to stop? I bet she didn't. She's strong…she's a fighter…but I bet she begged for Gracie…you sorry fuck! Did you stop when she begged?! When she said 'please'?!\" Howard gave a bellow of rage and kicked the man upside the head, his ear ripping clean off and flying over the toe of Howard's boot. Wails of anguish echoed in the dim basement and Forrest sought a knife from behind the bar. Without bothering to roll his shirt sleeves, he began to slice the man's flesh, carving him like a Thanksgiving turkey, the knife deftly working its way through the skin and into the meat of the man. Blood flowed in ribbons around them, everything turning a little red, and only when the man broke and shouted, \"Detroit!\" did Forrest's efforts cease. The man's name was Werner Wright. His father had been an honorable man, a court judge back in Illinois. Their family was respected and well-off until a money laundering conspiracy tarnished his father's name and the family fell to ruins, disgraced by such a scandal. Frank Vaught had saved Werner when he hadn't a penny to his name, or a pot to piss in. He'd brought Werner in, gave him a warm meal and a hot bath, helped him earn back his respect and treated him like family. In return, for seven years now, he'd done Frank's dirty work. Many times he'd been on the other end of such a scene like this. He'd watched men cry like women, pleadingly offering money, knowledge, booze, or even sex, in exchange for their worthless lives. Werner had once made a vow to himself that he would never stoop to pleading, like a weakling. If he was going to die, when they put him under the Earth, his dignity would be buried with him. Well, today, he vowed to break that vow. He spat out Frank's home address like he was reciting the King James in Sunday School. Howard rummaged through the juke joint until he found something to write on and with, scribbling down the address, already mentally tallying up how much gas they'd need to get to Chicago and which route would be the quickest. Forrest stood, slowly, his thumb withdrawing from Werner's leg with a sick pop! \"You got it?\" he called to Howard, Werner's body sagging in relief at his feet. Howard nodded and Forrest silently raised the pistol until it was level with Werner's forehead. \"Bu-but I told you! I told y-\" Forrest ranked him with a foul stare and kicked him twice more for good measure. He knelt once again and spat in the man's face before he dug the barrel of the gun so deep into his skin that blood began to form a bright red circle in the white skin. \"You still murdered my wife, you stupid son of a bitch. You killed my wife and my little girl…she was a baby…she wasn't even a year old and you fucking murdered her .\" He brought the gun down across the man's face, blood spraying him, and, as he listened to Werner choke on his own blood, Forrest shot him in the ear, brains splattering over the floor. Howard walked over and handed Forrest a rag to clean his face and hands. The pair of brothers gazed down at Forrest's work in silence. Werner – back of the skull blown out, one ear shot off, the other kicked off, a broken nose, three-to-five broken ribs, a compound fracture on left forearm and shoulder, cuts needin' roughly seventy or so stitches on both legs, one arm, neck, shoulder, eyebrow, torso, and the spot where he bit through his lip, two missing front teeth, internal bleeding, possible organ ruptures, both retinas detached, and the pinkie finger on his right hand was partly torn off. Lookin' back, Forrest kinda wished he'd taken his time more, maybe sawn off a leg or two and chopped off a few fingers. Then again, he eyed the address in Howard's hand, there's always Detroit. The Bondurant brothers both got what they wanted in Detroit. Howard finally got his hands dirty fighting off Vaught's men while Forrest took his time with the city slicker. He'd tied Vaught to the bed in the upstairs room of the apartment where they found him, Howard making sure no one made it up the stairs. With the other men, the three from the juke joint, Forrest's actions had been spontaneous, fueled by a bitter rage and blinded by his own agony. But he'd had an eight hour drive to plan out what he had in store for Vaught. They'd even made a couple of pit stops in Ohio to pick up supplies, including a drugstore where he got a few things, drugs meant to revive Vaught if he passed out too soon. Stuff like that. Yep, Forrest had thought of everything; he'd even fastened tourniquets to Vaught's arms and legs at various points to keep him from bleeding out, allowing Forrest's torture to continue for as long as possible. Forrest thought about staying in Detroit and keeping Vaught alive only to prolong his suffering for days, maybe weeks. But once he began, Forrest found he didn't possess that sort of patience. Not when it came to this. He wanted this fucker to die and he was going to die tonight. He moved to the vanity in the corner where he'd displayed his tools; he'd picked up all sorts of neat instruments meant to inflict pain. For starters, there were the pliers for the teeth, a rusty rail spike to severe the fingers and toes, a scalpel for the eyelids and the tender webbing between the fingers, and, Forrest's personal favorite, a hacksaw for Vaught's balls. The only trouble for Forrest now was deciding where to start first… Vaught and his men were dead. Well, most of them. There were a few that were still alive because they'd simply passed out from sheer physical pain. Forrest and Howard gathered them in the living room of the Detroit apartment. They lumped the bodies together in a heap, a pitiful mound of bone and blood, Vaught's in pieces throughout the pile. Howard got the gasoline from the truck. He poured the majority of the fuel on the hill of bodies, then created a trail through the bottom floor of the apartment. When he finished with one can, he went upstairs with the second and doused his brother's impromptu torture chamber, emptying the rest behind him as he descended the stairs. He found Forrest in the living room, fiddling with a cigar. His brother popped the thick, brown wad between his lips and fumbled with his match, his fingers sleek with blood. When the match caught, Forrest took a long drag and held the flame near his face, watching it dance and sway under the draft of the apartment's air conditioning. He walked with Howard to the front door and then paused briefly before dropping the match and stalking away. In the truck, they watched from across the street as fire consumed the brick apartment building, the flames licking their way up the sides and bursting through the glass windows to kiss the sky. The roar of the fire was deafening, but if they strained, Forrest and Howard could hear the screaming of the men they hadn't killed, those who had passed out, awakened by the blazing fire that seared their flesh. Those unfortunate few who couldn't withstand Howard's fury were now burning alive. Forrest closed his eyes and imagined their pain, imagined the heat so unbearable that the human body went into shock before the fire actually burnt 'em up. He imagined the way the skin slid off the bones, flesh drooping and oozing to the floor – wax off a candle. He imagined the smell of seared, cooked flesh, the overwhelming stench. He opened his eyes and studied the fire, the screams sounding like a lullaby to his ears. A blazing fire. A mighty flame. Indeed. Review![Chapter 40] This is it, guys. The last chapter. As always, my dear friends, I hope you enjoy. Chapter Thirty-Nine Burying his wife and daughter was the hardest thing Forrest Bondurant would ever have to do. For seven hours he dug their graves. The clay and dirt caked under his fingernails and filled the grooves of his boots. When it was over, when they were laid to rest in the packed Earth, Forrest locked himself away inside The County Line and drank. Morning, noon, and night, Forrest drowned his misery in white lightning. He never left his home. He was content to drink alone in the upstairs bedroom, his eyes red and rimmed with water, until it killed him. And even though she was gone, Forrest saw Ellie May everywhere. He thought he was losing his mind. He'd heard about it, folks losing their loved ones and seein' 'em after they died. But this was different. He didn't just see her, he talked to her – and she talked back . At first, Forrest blamed it on the grief. He was simply unable to let her go and reliving conversations from their past. Then, as they discussed things he knew he never would've discussed with her if she were alive, he blamed it on the drinking. The liquor was causing hallucinations. Realizing that the booze brought his Ellie May back to him, he drank some more. In the days and weeks that followed Ellie May's and Grace's deaths, Howard was the only force keeping Forrest alive. Twice a day, he'd deliver food, usually a hot meal prepared by Emmy or Lucy, and would hover, a towering figure, until his brother ate every bite. He also made Forrest bathe and change his clothes daily. For roughly four hours a day, Howard fulfilled his role as the dutiful, older brother but the moment he left The County Line behind he'd slip away to that still hidden deep in the mountain to follow Forrest's example. Many years ago, Ellie May had convinced Howard to get sober. It was only fitting that with her death he stumbled back into that old habit. Because, if she wasn't here to berate and chide him for sloshing around another mouthful of mule, what was the point in not drinking? While the two oldest Bondurant brothers attempted to out-drink one another, the rest of the Bondurant family was in shambles. Papa was concerned for both of his boys, especially Forrest, who he had yet to see since the funeral. Jack and Lucy were distraught – Jack distraught in his guilt for not having gone home with Ellie May that night; Lucy distraught in her grief of losing yet another person she loved. How many more love ones must she lose before the Devil left her family alone? Emmy was a nervous wreck. The rocking was back, that awful, nervous tick she'd developed as a little girl who'd just lost her mother. She hurt every day for Ellie May, choking back tears, and worried even more so for Forrest. Seemed like once a day Howard had to stop his baby sister from storming the steps of The County Line and demanding that Forrest come back to them. It wasn't until Papa got sick that Emmy was allowed to snap Forrest out of it. \"Brace yourself. It ain't gonna be pretty in there,\" rumbled Howard, his large paw of a hand clamped over the knob of Forrest's bedroom door. \"And, uh, you might wanna hold your breath. He ain't had his bath today.\" The room was dark, the shades drawn. Empty mason jars littered every surface – the bedside table, the dresser, the window ledge. The bed was messy, the sheets half rumpled at the foot of the bed, half hanging off the mattress, and the pillows were squished and stained. Forrest was slumped against the headboard, the pillows useless. One look at him and Emmy swelled with pity. Oh, poor Forrest . He looked to be in a daze. His eyes were glassy, his face lacking any expression. He was numb. Empty. Then, without acknowledging their presence, he lifted the jar in his hand to his mouth and gulped. \"Forrest,\" Emmy called tentatively. She approached his bedside slowly as if she were approaching a cow birthing her calf. \"Forrest, you need to come with us…there was an accident last week. Papa got hurt. He cut himself up pretty bad and now his cut's infected. Forrest…daddy's dying. You got to come with us.\" They got Papa doctors and medicine and they cared for him the best way they could, but in the end, it simply wasn't enough. Six months after the death of a beloved wife, sister, and mother, and a daughter, granddaughter, and niece, the Bondurant clan lost their father, their hero and leader. The death of his father was enough to bring Forrest back to the world. When he emerged from the recesses of his bedroom, he was silent, unsociable, and full of hate. He missed Ellie May more and more every day. He was unsure of how to function without her by his side; it was all he knew how to do. He couldn't remember what life had been like before her, because she had been with him for so long, that loving, tender source that propelled him forward. He longed for her touch, longed to hear her voice and see her smile. But that miserable longing was destroying him. While Forrest was content to die, now that his father was gone, his family needed him. He had to pull it together. He couldn't do that if he was still seeing Ellie May. Though she wasn't quite as talkative after Papa's death, Forrest saw her in every room of their home. She was in the kitchen frying an omelet. She was at the mirror in the hallway brushing her hair. She was in the sitting room playing with Dixie. She was on the front porch rocking Gracie in the chair. She was in their room, on their bed, waiting for him. If Forrest was going to keep living, he had to leave The County Line. He sold the restaurant to Hal Childress cheap on the condition that he let Abigail and Jefferson continue their employment under Hal. Forrest packed up enough clothes to fit into a single suitcase, a picture of his wife and child tucked inside the front pocket of a brown sweater folded in the bottom, and cut clear across town. About two hundred yards south of the bridge toward Rocky Mount, a small filling station stood in a niche in the woods just off the road, a thin branch of Blackwater Creek running along the property line. That winter after Papa died Forrest bought the station from Lou Webb and took up residence in the upstairs rooms. Everett followed Forrest and brought their contacts with him and within days cars were lining up and he was running his operation once again. There was no sign on the station, but from then on, even long after Forrest's eventual death, it was known as either the Bondurant or the Blackwater Station. As much as it pained him, Forrest quit drinking, saying goodbye to his wife and daughter forever, and ran Blackwater Station as the proper business man he was. Like The County Line, Forrest let a small grill operate in the station and he made use of the fuel pumps outside. Still, it was no secret that the station's main purpose was the distribution of mountain mule. Forrest ran the station for his family. With their father gone, it was up to him to provide for the younger ones. He had no other purpose. Papa Bondurant dying was the last straw for Emmy. She simply couldn't take it anymore. There was too much pain and loss in her life and now there was nothing holding her to Blackwater Creek. Jack was grown and always running around with Cricket or running after their older brothers. He didn't need her to cook and clean for him anymore, not like he had when Papa was alive. The family farm was abandoned, Jack taking up residence with Forrest and Howard sleeping…well, in whatever barn or shack he eventually passed out in. Emmy knew she had to get out of Virginia. She caught a train up north. She was going to work in one of the factories in New Jersey. Howard didn't want her to leave; he was furious when she confessed her plans to go. Little country girl like her had no business in the big city. The city would chew her up and spit her back out. She wouldn't survive. Besides, those factories weren't all they were made out to be. Places like that were hell. Ultimately, though, it wasn't up to Howard. With a grunt and a nod, his back teeth grinding unpleasantly, Forrest agreed to let Emmy go. \"You be sure to write us once a week, you hear? First time that letter don't come I'll be seein' you in New York.\" So, Emmy went and every week another letter came and the Bondurant brothers hadn't seen their sister since. Lucy found out she was pregnant three months after Emmy left. Lucy was over the moon, she was so happy. Seemed like all her life she'd been wanting a baby and now God was finally giving her one. Jack was the only one who shared her joy. Howard was too scared. How the fuck should he know how to be a father? Forrest was too hurt. His own baby was taken from him. He knew he wouldn't ever be able to be 'round another youngin' again. Nonetheless, the life of a child is always a blessing and it came at just the right time. Too much bad had happened to the Bondurants. 'Bout time they got some good. Then, one day, a slick-shit Special Deputy named Charlie Rakes rolled into town and, a lovely, fair-skinned redhead walked into Blackwater Station. It was hard, living without the tenderness of a woman, and, as much as Forrest hated it and despite his shame, he was attracted to Maggie Beauford. Liking her was easy because she was so different from Ellie May. She was the first woman Forrest could tolerate because she was the first woman who didn't stir up memories of his lost wife. Maggie was a city girl with a natural weariness of the world. She was sharp, hardened by Chicago life. She was nothing like his Ellie May, a born mother who was more nurturing and kind and gentle than anyone else Forrest had ever known. She was nothing like Maggie. When Forrest told the redhead to take the spare room at Blackwater, the move was an honest one, meant only for her safety. Let him keep a closer eye on her until things calmed down. In that moment, he had no other agenda but as time went on Forrest began to let himself feel things. Then things turned into fondness and fondness spiraled into affection. He knew that Maggie sensed that his heart did not belong to her. He also knew that she loved him in spite of it. And, though it felt wrong, Forrest knew that he had to do right by Maggie. It wasn't enough to just take care of her physical needs. She was a woman. She had emotional needs, too. So, Forrest married her – the least he could do, what with making her live with knowing that he would never fully love her, knowing that he would never give her a family. Then again, Maggie wasn't really the family-type. Forrest liked to believe that he didn't tell his brothers because he wanted to let Maggie have her privacy. Because it wasn't none of their business. In truth, it was because he was ashamed. He felt like he had betrayed Ellie May. Taking new vows with another woman was like spitting on the life that they had shared. His guilt was enough. Forrest simply couldn't take Howard's, and especially Jacks', disapproving glances. The mess with Charlie Rakes liked to have killed Forrest and it did kill Cricket and Danny. Forrest didn't know how his brothers would recover. In one damn week his brothers managed to lose the two men who'd been by their sides since infancy. In a way, they'd each lost their own Ellie Mays, their other halves. Bertha, the sweet preacher's daughter, was the only balm to Jack's wounds. She helped pull him through and, thank the good Heavens, helped keep him straight. Jackie tried dipping his toe into the illegal liquor business, despite Forrest's protests. He had surprised them all working that deal with Floyd Banner and helping Howard kill Charlie Rakes; but, all in all, Jack wasn't a fighter. His heart was too big for that. Instead, he married Bertha and together they took over the Bondurant farm. Jack tended to the fields and looked after the animals. Then, Bertha took their crop and made the best damn preserves, jams, and jellies in five counties. Their yield was modest but they worked hard and they were young and in love. Together, Jack and Bertha healed one another. As for Howard, Lucy'd had the baby a few weeks before all that mess started. That little baby served as a distraction from the loss of his lifelong best friend. Instead of worrying about Danny, he worried about his child living through the night. And, God knows, he had to worry about Lucy, too. Sometimes the worrying got to be too much. That's when he returned to the jar again. Their lives were messy; their hands were dirty. Living day to day was often a hard, heavy burden, but they endured. Because they were Bondurants. And that's what Bondurants do. Eventually, Prohibition ended and things in Franklin County quieted down considerably. Forrest and Howard were forced to turn honest, like Jack, because without Prohibition there simply wasn't the market for their liquor. Not enough to survive on, at least. Jack had a handle on the farm, though his brothers would occasionally lend a hand, especially during the harvest, and Forrest continued to run Blackwater Station. He also reopened their father's General Store, his time split between his two businesses. Howard moved to Martinsville and found work in the textile mills. Throughout the years he kept a still up on Turkeycock Mountain, and every summer he and his brothers would gather on the slope deep in the underbrush and camp out for the weekend against the backdrop of a roaring campfire. The next morning they would take whatever was left and make a small run. Lucy eventually bore four children. All of 'em were stringy youngin's, not a single one taking after their father's build. They were good kids, behaved well and minded their manners, and they would go on to lead lives that made their parents proud. Emmy, they would learn through her letters, also married, though they would never meet her husband. She remained in New Jersey and worked at a typing pool until she died of old age. Over the years, Forrest continued to survive dangerous encounters of all sorts – the shootout at Maggodee Creek, getting trampled by a horse after a riding accident, and being trapped in a burning building after a strange incident with a kerosene lamp. Maybe young Forrest had been right when he'd told Jack all those years ago, \"We're Bondurants. Nothing can kill us. We'll never die.\" At least, that's how it seemed until one winter, long after Howard had returned home from Martinsville and the Bondurant family home was full of the pitter-patter of little feet, Forrest's life finally came to an end. He'd taken a bottle of whiskey on a stroll across the bottomland that separated the Bondurant's land from the Deshazos. He'd stopped at the edge of the frozen creek, his feet doing a little jig, his brother's teasing words echoing in his ear. When, suddenly, he stepped through the icy crust of Snow Creek and was wet up to his armpits in the water. Forrest, ever the survivor, climbed his way out of the chilling water and hiked up the hill in the dark back to Jack's house. Embarrassed by the whole thing, he slipped into the house silently, desperate not to wake his family. He forwent the fire and dry clothes, deciding to sleep it off in the back room instead. The next morning Jack's oldest son Andrew, then ten years old, woke with a start. The room was cold and black and nothing moved, but the boy could sense that someone or something was down the hall. It was as if there were something pulsing through the walls, a wave of vibrating cold, and he got up without waking his siblings. The back room door was slightly ajar, the air significantly colder there, as it was the room farthest from the wood stove. Inside, the boy saw a shape lying on the narrow cot in the corner next to an old safe his grandfather had built and boxes of paintings by his mother, simple oil landscapes Bertha churned out in her spare time. Andrew waited until his eyes adjusted to the light, then moved forward. The boy touched the edge of a boot that hung over the edge of the cot. The shoe was cold and faintly wet. As he inched closer, treading lightly so as not to wake the house, his Uncle Forrest's face came out of the dark, a mask of blue stone, his eyes open, his mouth set in a hard frown, a grimace of inconvenience. His fingers on the sheet, held to his neck, the nails gone purple, covered with a thin sheen of ice. Forrest Bondurant had finally met his end. The Invincible Man was dead. I'm still not sure how I feel about this one. There's just an overwhelming sense of sadness. I can't believe it's over. Don't forget to look for the Epilogue! It'll be just as short as the Prologue and is just a way for me to neatly wrap things up and also bring Forrest and Ellie together one last time. Thank you for sticking with this story. Thank you for being wonderful, kind readers. It's been a pleasure. I love you all![Chapter 41] Holy shit, guys. Why didn't you tell me I never posted the Epilogue?! I thought I posted this thing weeks ago! Thankfully, Joe pointed it out to me. Shit, guys, I'm sorry. You know how I am about these things… Either way, well, I know it's a bit late, but here is the final installment. It's real short – it's supposed to act as a reflection of the Prologue so don't get upset cause it's just a few hundred words. I hope you enjoy it! See the note at the end about my (possible) future Lawless projects! Epilogue Well, there you have it, folks. It wasn't a pretty story, but it was a true one. Forrest might'a been feared by a lot of folks, but my brother was a damn good man. He was honest, hardworking, and had the biggest heart of anybody in Franklin. He took care of his family the way a man should, never did nobody wrong who didn't deserve it, and he loved Ellie May and Dorothy Grace with his whole heart. He might be gone but I like to think that wherever Forrest is…that he's finally being reunited with his girls. His whole life Forrest's been fighting for us, fighting to stay alive and watch our backs, fighting to keep us fed and warm at night with a roof over our heads. He's had a long, hard run. Now, my baby brother can stop fighting for once and finally have some peace. So, that's it, folks. That's the story of how Forrest Bondurant became a man worth a legend. The End. Thanks a ton, everyone. It's been a blast. I hope you've enjoyed the story as much as I have. I will cherish and miss it (and you) forever! Your support has meant the world to me. I wish you all the best of luck in the New Year to come! p.s. I've gotten several questions about whether or not I intend to keep writing in the Lawless fandom. I have to say, I am tossing around ideas about a Howard/OC story that will be drastically different from this one. It won't be such a drama fic – it'll be much more comical and light-hearted, and if I do ever get around to actually writing the damn thing, I can tell you it won't be quiet as long as this story. I can't tell you much about it without giving it away but the basics are: after the events in the movie, with his best friend Danny dead, Howard slips into a deep depression (so comical, right?) and Lucy leaves him. Enter the OC character, who I imagine to be a lot like Zelda Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby author Scott Fitzgerald's bathtub gin-drinking wife from Alabama, a saucy spit-fire who will set Howard straight and makes it her mission in life to get him to quite acting like a giant baby. So, my question to you all is would anyone be interested in seeing that story develop? Thoughts? ","Summary":" A major fan of both Tom Hardy and Shia LeBouf, I flipped when I saw the trailer for Lawless . I wen"}]