[{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Hack","Author":"ThomE.Gemcity-06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12653548","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: Essence series. Summary: Mates are like a bad habit that needs to be broken, because if you can't be yourself with your mates, then who the fuck were you? Includes: Trainspotting spoilers, Mark POV, Mild Violence. - TRAINSPOTTING - Hack Ah got careless. Ah'd been awey in London fir months now, oanly huving tae think aboot maself, that Ah forgot whae Ah wis supposed tae be whin Ah was wi ma so-called mates. So whin Francis fucking Begbie showed up at ma door wi a stuffed holdall n replica revolver, it wis a struggle tae revert back tae 'Rent Boy', Franco's doss flunky. Ah'd shed that skin whin Ah got clean n took Diane's advice: get oot ay thair, start new . Ah'd grown in ma absence, changed. N now it wis like trying tae shove maself back intae that auld, dry, brittle skin that Ah'd shed. It wis ill-fitting, flaking awey wi every breath. We just didnae belong any mair. Ah desperately tried tae keep it thegither; fucking glue, scotch tape. Ah needed the armour ay Rent Boy tae protect the Mark Renton. They were different. They hud tae be. Ah couldnae be him, could Ah? If ye couldnae be yirself wi yir mates, then whae the fuck were ye? If everybody wis themselves, if we just acted oan oor impulses, weren't feart—would any ay it really change? Hate crimes, murder, cheating, arrest numbers... if everyone didnae conform tae the standard, would the world be a better place? Personally, Ah think we're all too fucking afraid tae even attempt it, even if it wis the best thing fir us. History shows that we clearly do no want whit's best fir us. We just daenae fucking care. Ma ain unaware experiment oan the thesis just went tae prove ma point. Ah didnae think aboot it, didnae remember that Ah wis talking tae Begbie, Ah just said whit Ah wis thinking, feeling, ma ain opinion: \"Let's face it. It could huv been wonderful.\" That wis the truth, Ah felt. Begbie didnae agree. He hud no been expecting tae hear ma opinion, just his reflected back at him. Ye agreed wi him, n ye better believe in whit yir agreeing wi him fir n he better believe that ye fucking believe—or it's the discipline ay the bat fir ye. That wis Franco, empowered by his ain story—the stories we told. N weren't we all just the stories cunts told? Shedding Rent Boy n growing intae Mark Renton, Ah'd done things in London Ah would never huv let maself do or think back in Edinburgh. It wis fucking liberating, tae huv nae yin tae sneer at ye fir doing something ye simply wanted tae try. That ye thought wis interesting. Ah didnae even mean him getting wi a transvestite, just him doing something oot ay his comfort withoot the response ay hate n violence. Tae expand himself, shed his ain skin. Get oot ay the fucking roondaboot ay the life he set fir himself. Calm doon, fir fuck sake! Why do cunts alweys get so wound up aboot change? Looking at things, could it really be all that bad? But the stinging burn fae the fag flicked at ma cheek, is a stamp that says Ah should huv kept ma liberal opinions tae maself. The strong fingers coated in the innumerable blood ay fellow victims clamped aroond ma scrawny throat, is just another benefactor tae the odious retort tae anything the wee bit upsetting tae Begbie's beliefs ay himself. \"Fucking listen tae me, ye junkie piece ay shite! A joke's a fucking joke. Ah'm nae bufty n that's the end ay it. Ye mention it again n Ah'll cut ye up. Ken?\" his favourite flick knife finds itself embedded intae the plaster ay the wall, wey too close tae ma baws fir any comfort. \"Understand?\" Ah nod as best yin kin wi their heid pinned against the wall by their throat. Best no tae speak, even if Ah could, n just let the animal see the fear reflected in ma eyes tae his satisfaction. Thair will alweys be fear whin it comes tae Francis Begbie, a rightly placed sentiment. Why did he even tell us, is the real question here. If he hudnae, Ah would never huv kent. N if he wisnae looking tae be judged, even silently, why? But if ye cannae tell yir mate, whae kin ye? They say ye cannae choose yir family, which is true enough. But ye do choose yir mates n that says a hell ay a lot aboot ye. Just look at mine n that should tell ye all ye need tae ken. A psycho, a scammer, a dreamer. Whit the fuck did that make me? The buzzer rang. Utter silence but fir Begbie's cross breath, his puffs hot n moist wi evil against ma skin. Ah held ma ain breath, feart that he still might cut oaf something vital at the slightest provocation. Ah wis waiting tae see if it wis the cunt at ma door. Ah daren't even flinch whin they pounded oan it next. But tae ma surprise n relief, a second later, Franco pulled the knife, flicked it closed n pocketed it, n sent us stumbling tae the door. \"Git the fucking door, Rent Boy, before some cunt gits nosey.\" Ah answer the door in socks, keks, n a shirt. Ay all cunts oan earth, it happens tae be fucking Sick Boy; a holdall tossed over his shoulder, in atan long coat, crisp white dress shirt. He looks us up n doon wi that superior little curl tae his lips. \"Wow, Rents, dae ye still no huv an ounce ay self-respect?\" N he pushes passed us. \"Eh, Franco.\" He nods tae the man as he tosses his bag oantae the bed. Ah slam the door n turn tae him as he makes himself right at home in ma bed-sit as easily as Franco did. \"Whit the fuck are ye daeing here?\" Ah demand. \"How'd ye even ken whir Ah live?\" it's the question Ah didnae huv the courage, or did huv the self-preservation, tae no ask Begbie. \"Franks gave us a call.\" He looks aroond the place, small n littered fae Franco's company, wi a distasteful cluck. \"Definitely no a step up fae yir auld flat, Rents.\" Mibby no, but it's a step awey fae ye... or at least Ah thought it wis. \"Gie us a beer, yeah? The trip ower wis complete pish.\" He takes up residence oan the bed wi Franco. Ah get yin fir Simon n Begbie too because Ah'm a good host, n take yin maself, which Ah pretend tae drink, the last thing Ah want tae do is lower ma mental competency whin aroond these two dangerous punters, both in their ain way. Sick Boy regales us wi his plans ay gaining 'contacts' doon here fir the great skag deal that wis going tae make him rich. Ah dinnae believe a fucking word ay it. … Sick Boy must huv developed telepathy while Ah've been awey here, n is communicating wi his contacts via that wey 'cos he leaves ma place as frequently as Franco. At least Begbie hud a reason fir no going oot. Sick Boy's whole purpose ay being here wis tae go oot, which wis the yin thing he dinnae seem tae do. Instead, they take over ma place, make unreasonable demands, make us their errand boy, n all the while Ah go tae work all day n come back tae them, forced tae kip in the middle ay my ain bed between their stinking feet, all the finical support coming oot ma ain pocket—n Ah'm at ma tit's end wi the both ay them! Ah didnae come here, break awey fae them, oanly fir them tae come n haunt us back. But should Ah really huv expected anything less wi these cunts as mates? They huv tae fucking go or something's guanny happen that will get us intae a world ay pain that Ah dinnae want tae contend wi. So Ah stick them in the worst place in the world; a flat that Ah'd been trying tae rent fir ages. Rent free fir them n oot ay ma fucking hair! Ah just toss Begbie the keys before either ay them kin say anything n slam the door. Turns oot the worst place in the world is a godsend. As soon as Ah get back tae ma bed-sit, thair's a trash bag in hand n Ah clean every trace ay ma mates oot; opening the window n air oot the stench ay stale beer n fag smoke, ay unwanted visitors. Once done, Ah flop oan ma bed, do fucking snow angels in the tangled sheets. Ah am alone again n it's beautiful. ... It's long after that Diane gies us a call: Tommy's deid. It's time tae go back home. It's no like thair's a job tae hold us in London any more, no after ma boss found Sicks n Baggars hiding oot in that flat fae hell. Perhaps Ah'd just been setting maself up fir disappointment fae the kick oaf. It's usually oorselves whae destroy us. Tommy's funeral just goes tae show us why Ah intend tae stay clean. Thank fuck fir ma folks locking us in ma auld room n making me go cold-turkey whin they did or it might huv been us in the groond. As it is, Ah ken Ah'm practically responsible fir this. Ah stole Tam's sex tape, Ah set him off in search fir the braw fix ay his life, Ah fucking gave him his first shot ay heroin. Whit are we if no oor pasts, n whit are oor pasts if no the people? If the people fae oor pasts are all gone tae ground, do oor pasts still exist if nae yin is thair tae mind them? ... Swanney's place is empty ay junkies n cleaned. He'd ended up in the hozzie while Ah wis in London, lost his fucking leg shooting up in his arteries. Surprised it wisnae his knob. We end up thair after the funeral fir a roond n apparently privacy whir Ah wis ambushed. Evidently, Simon wis no the idle waster Ah thought him. He did come across a skag deal that would do him fir life—or as Ah wis made tae understand it: all ay us. Me, Sick Boy, Begbie, n Spud. Via the fucking doss cunt Mikey Forrester. \"Whit the fuck ur ye aw oan?\" Ah gie an incredulous laugh, sketching at them all. \"Mikey Forrester, Russian Sailors? Ye cannae be serious. We just came fae Tommy's funeral!\" \"Aye.\" Begbie said wi his predisposed aggro disposition, taking a step towards us. It wis a clear warning. So Ah asked the question that wis demanded ay me n by the end ay the picture the story fae here wis clear. Ah either fork over all the savings in ma account, all 2 grand ay ma hard-earned dosh (it hud been significantly heavier before those cunts crashed ma new life), or they would beat us tae shite n take it anywey. Ah shouldnae huv come back. Why the fuck did Ah come back tae this black hole ay existence? It looked like Ah wis stuck in the scrapes ay Rent Boy, like fucking glitter oan ma skin. ... The thought slipped intae ma consciousness n Ah didnae banish it. Ah cultivated it, Ah nurtured it. Ah gave it water, sunlight. Ah let it fucking bloom! Ah wis the oanly yin whae could be trusted tae do the proper thing wi this money. These cunts would just fucking waste it. Bevvy, whores, skag. But me, Ah could see the whole world ahead ay me, within ma reach—if Ah hud this poppy… Ah wis sick ay being the lost boy. Ah would claw Rent Boy fae ma skin. Ah would grow again. More. Better. N so Ah did—wi no a backward glance. Ah wisnae going tae end up like Francis Begbie, living in the past. Ah wisnae going tae settle fir day-by-day like Sick Boy, conning everyone, even himself. Ah wisnae going tae be like Spud Murphy, stuck wi dreaming ay the future. Ah will end up as Tommy, yin day, but no like him—whin Ah'm auld n fucking ready. Ah wis ready tae truly become whae Mark Philip Renton wis destined tae be. A new life, a proper life. Ma future. N 16 grand wis just the sort ay start Ah needed. If Ah couldnae be whae Ah wis meant tae be wi ma so-called mates, then Ah wis just going tae huv tae find someone whae Ah could be wi. Amsterdam seems a good place as any tae start! f - TRAINSPOTTING - There will be a companion piece set it T2 Trainspotting, keep an eye out for: H2 Hack. ","Summary":" a/n: Essence series. Summary: Mates are like a bad habit that needs to be broken, because if you ca"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Chasing Flora","Author":"MissUmaThurman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12699281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1996: Edinburgh - Simon 'Sick Boy's' Home: - The room wasn't well-lit, the streetlight outside providing the only attainable source of light. Soft snores escaped the chapped-lips of the inhabitants of the room, startling the only-occupant still wide-awake; however, as Spud began to ready his arm, another presence startled him once more. Blue met blue and all remained deadly-still. He couldn't do it, not whilst those bright-blue eyes stared back at him. She was innocent and pure, undeserving of the tragedy that subsequently was her life. Spud allowed the syringe to fall onto the stained-carpet, before turning his head to face the two-men slumped beside the window; high as kites and painfully unaware of the visitor. He craned his neck back to the door; watching the blonde-speck with a mixture of caution and curiosity. Her blue eyes were piercing, he could feel her staring into his battered and bruised soul; although, they were exactly the same as her elder brother's. Spud wondered if the right-move was to wake Simon, but quickly decided against that action. \"F-Flora?\" Spud stuttered cautiously. Flora hadn't stopped trembling, her small frame was shaking violently. She watched the man before her with an immense amount of caution; Flora wanted her brother. \"W-Where's my brother?\" Flora whimpered quietly. Spud stole another glance at the sleeping-figures of Mark and Simon, before sighing and standing to his full height of 6 foot. This action earned another small whimper from Flora; who shrunk back in an obvious sign-of fear. Spud quickly raised his palms in surrender, trying to re-assure the small child. \"Please, I-I'm not going to hurt you Sic-Simon is sleeping.\" Spud paused, watching the young girl carefully. \"Are-Are you alright?\" Flora quickly shook her head and evaluated the gawky man stood before her. This was one of Simon's friends that her parents had disliked immensely, however, her young-mind hadn't exactly processed that. He'd been very kind to her so far, but she didn't know him or why he was the only one still-awake, when she could see her brother knocked-out in the corner. \"What's your name?\" Flora queried curiously, trying to keep her voice-down and tilting her head to look at Spud's thin features. \"I'm Daniel, but your brother calls me Spud.\" He returned slowly. \"That's an odd name...\" Flora mused quietly, before smiling a tried-grin at her brothers lanky-friend. \"I like it.\" Spud released a breath before returning the smile, at least Flora was becoming used to his presence had had stopped shaking. Flora wrapped her arms around her torso and sighed sadly, why couldn't Simon wake up? \"Why are you awake, it's late? Did you have a nightmare?\" Flora simply nodded along. \"I have them too, nasty ones.\" \"I-I have bad ones, Simon is usually there to help; he reads me a story. I think that reading and writing stories is the way forward.\" Flora rambled quickly, the cold-air causing her small frame to quake as a small-shiver soared through her bones. She was only seven, Spud thought; he, himself, may-not be the smartest bloke-around; but he had enough common-sense to try and remove this innocent child away from Simon's room of sin. \"I-I'll tell you story, if you like?\" Flora's features lit up and in a tired, yet quick movement, grabbed Spud's hand and dragged him from Simon's grubby bedroom. Ten minutes later, Flora was fast-asleep; content and unaware once more of the dangerous world around her. Spud placed a scatty, yet clearly-loved teddy-bear in the crook of Flora's tiny arm; before quietly exiting the room. He trudged back to Simon's bedroom, returning to his spot at the end of the bed. Spud sighed sadly, Flora was an honest-delight; too pure for this corrupt world. He hoped that Flora would sleep peacefully, that the nightmares would remain at-bay for now; as he knew himself, that a restful slumber wouldn't come easy tonight. Reaching for the syringe he had discarded earlier, Spud began to ready his arm and sent a silent, yet almost-ironic apology to the younger Williamson sibling. ","Summary":" 1996: Edinburgh - Simon 'Sick Boy's' Home: - The room wasn't well-lit, the streetlight outside prov"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Override","Author":"ThomE.Gemcity-06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12614068","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: This is the original story I first intended, mentioned in the end notes of \"FIX\" — [ Mark gets hurt while clean, but has no coverage for drugs, he wants to hold out but Simon scores some gear and gives him a hit even though Mark wants to stay clean ]— because I finally came up with the catalyst to set it into motion. So let's try this out and see how it goes. Includes: Language, non-con/drug use, mild violence. Summary: Mark gets coerced into another of Begbie's scams and when things take a turn, who but him to suffer the consequence? - TRAINSPOTTING - Override Five months off the detox, Ah'm skag clean n Ah'm filling oot fast fae the drug-sunken skeleton Ah wis wi all the protein Ah cannae stop shoving doon ma maw. If Ah dinnae stop Ah'll be Keezbo's twin shortly, but it's like ma body is trying tae make up fir all the times Ah chose skag over eating. Sick Boy laughs at us in the booth n says we look like a bird who has that in-the-family-way glow before the bairn starts tae show. Not all of us kin still look Bond-handsome on the skag-diet like Simon kin. Ah thump him oan airm in retaliation. Thaire's a beat as he looks at us n then he's oan us, trying tae get us intae a heidlock. But Ah'm nae gaeing tae submit tae the bastard like a wimbling bairn, now that Ah have some weight oan him. \"Come oan, ye bastard!\" Sick Boy encourages us, pushing. \"Cunt!\" Ah curse him, ma coupon red as Ah fight his ploy tae put ma heid in his sweaty airmpit. Oan the junk it would have been blotchy, but now it's a healthy flush. A knee bumps the table. Dinnae ken if it's his or mine, or both ay us. Glesses jump. Spud comes oot ay his heid-dreams, looking around in confusion n nearly shites himself like the rest ay us— \"OI!\" Franco shouts, slamming his half-full pint oan the table. We two still instantly, half oantop ay each other. Ye dinnae get oan Francis Begbie's nerves—ever—not if ye want tae live a somewhit healthy life. \"Sorry, Begs.\" We both say meekly n carefully unwind fae each others grip under his paint-peeling stare. \"Listen up, ye snivelling cunts...\" he says, eyeing us wi a glint in his manic eyes. \"Av git a grand schemie in mind that'll give us a great pile ay dosh if none ay ye fuckin cunts scupper it up!\" All three ay us gulp audibly—but Franco's gaze seems tae pin us extra smart an Ah cannae help but shudder pressed against Sicks' side at whit this is gaunny mean fir us. N Ah'm right. In Franco's scam Ah'm the star gadge. As the only clean cunt in the group (aside fae the Generalissimo, who never partakes in the impairing like the rest ay us, besides drink n occasionally toke), it's up tae us tae put it tae those pishy cunts—using their own laws against them. Ah look from Spud's dopey sympathetic mug, tae Sicks' grinning yin. \"Aye, brilliant plans, Franco,\" Ah mumble, taking a large gulp ay ma pint. \"Those bastards won't ken whit hit 'em!\" N Ah'm trying tae think ay ma ain scheme tae get oot ay being the daft schmuck taking the fall but Ah'm coming up blank n crawling oan the desperate line ay going back oan the skag (when everything wis simple wi a yin track mind) when Franco shouts: \"Fuckin right!\" n gives us a comradely slug oan ma bicep (which reminds us exactly why Ah dinnae take back ma skag Mistress tae get oot ay it). Thaire's a wee more podge oan us tae cushion the blow, but it does little tae lessen the impact ay Franco's sledgehammer n Ah rock intae Sick Boy who just laughs n puts an airm around ma shoulders tae pat ma afflicted airm. Ah curse the lot ay them. Why did Ah decide tae kick it again? Sicks n Spud seemed tae have conspired tae stay oan it whin usually Si n Ah get oof it taegether, so as tae avoid this very situation. - T1 - So we ur off tae London fir a visit. Ah don't think Franco has ever left Edinburgh before, always said the rest of the shite-eaters didnae deserve his presence or mibby he could only tolerate us Leith cunts. It's a new shopping centre, a posh place that could easily take the hit. While we were casing the place inconspicuously for the best target of Begbie's scam Spud set upon us all wi the daft question ay: \"Why donny jus nip aw this gear, likesy?\" \"Ye stupit junkie!\" Franco curses, spinning oan the ditzy man n drawing a few stares fae the passing gadges n lassies. \"Does yer cunt lamps nae see the bouncer-twats trolling the place-?!\" \"Easy. Easy, Franks.\" Simon utters urgently intae his lug, both wi sympathizing agreement wi the angry cunt n annoyance. \"Dinnae make a scene here, it'll light us up before we kin work yer schemie.\" Begbie really looks like he wants tae throttle the trembling Spud in the face ay the psycho's ire n Ah stand back, breath held n hoped. Ah feel cruel tae hope that Franco lost it n beat the shite oot ay Spud, but if it got us ootay this (it's every cunt fir himself... mibby it always has been)... but Begie takes a heaving breath, cards his digits over his number two haircut n steps back. Ma shoulders slump slightly. \"Ah think that it,\" Ah say, n Ah'm resigned that this is gaunny happen the morn. We leave back tae the room we've rented. Ah sorta trail behind, but Simon sticks close tae us like he kens whit ma thoughts keep slithering futilely tae. He should, we're best mates, we dinnae sneak aroond each other. He throws an airm aroond ma shoulders n tucks us close. \"That was a close yin, eh?\" Sick Boy gives us a wicked, knowing smirk. - T1 - Ah dress in ma solitary dark blue Leith Provi weddings n funerals suit—n Ah look the right gadge. A proper citizen, n appear a student at the uni despite naw longer being in attendance. Ah'm still registered as ay yet, but it's currently a limbo situ that kin work in oor favour. The plan ay itself is simple in theory, but kin be construed as a long scam. The Slip n Sue... n Settle if ye want tae get rather specific wi it. Hopefully the bastards wir the settle-quick kind ay guys so Ah won't have tae get a lawyer n go tae court. Ah'm alone. Franco cannae be caught in this, he's got a long sheet. That's probably another reason why Franco pinned me. Si n Ah have been luckier than Spud in that sense. Francis Begbie is one ay a kind type ay psycho n thank fuck for that. But mibby his hot breath doon the back ay ma neck n eyes boring a hole intae us would be just the right kind ay motivation. Thaire's these right smart stairs that do the work fir ye. Like some smart suits decided tae marry an inert staircase wi a lift. It's a right smart idea if posh-ridden. This is wir Begs decided it wis gaunny happen. Whin we first saw them, Spud's coupon lit right up like a wee bairn's, he wis almost jumping up n doon he wanted tae try them oot; a dirty look fae Begbie quelled him though. Tae be honest, Ah wanted to try them oot tae, but allayed maself wi the reasoning that they wir slow n it would probably just be faster tae walk them under ma ain power. Ah can feel the sweat pool doon ma back n ma stomach gits twitchy wi nerves as Ah act cool, cruising, but ultimately heiding taeward ma goal ay the escalator. Ma fingers twitch against ma thigh, itching fir a hit ay something, anything—Ah'm the most sober Ah've been in ma entire life since me n Si had oor first beer whin we wir seven. Franco wouldnae let us even take a toke tae calm the sharp edge ay anxiety. But Ah shove the thoughts ay weakness aside. Thaire's a reason why Ah quit skag. In ma ain heid, Ah get shuffled intae a pack of teenagers shopping n gossiping on the weekend n Ah'm trapped awkwardly wi them oan the escalator. Fuck, this wasnae part ay the plan! But Ah cannae panic, Ah take a deep breath. It's kind ay pleasant, the slow, but constant upward motion ay the moving staircase. If Ah let maself wander, it's almost like that mo ay breath oan a hit ay skag in that between tick ay the flood then the fall. That moment ay utter peace before the euphoria. But Ah'm pulled oot ay it as ma leg jerks. \"Whit the fuck?\" Ah ask, looking aroond at the kids wondering if someyin kicked me whin thaire's a feart grinding sound, another jerk oan ma leg n it comes oot from under us, sending me intae a lassie and we crash oantae the stairs. Some gadges in the group help her up n ur even right enough to help us tae ma feet, but Ah cannae. Ah'm stuck. Then something's burning in the back of ma beak n throat n Ah ken something is terribly off. Aw, shite ! Ah think before thaire's pain, screams, n blackness. - T1 - Ah woke up feeling sick n raw. Ah look aroond n sketch that Ah'm in the hozzie. \"Shite,\" Ah croak. Ah fucking hurt n Ah cannae understand it. Ah'm in the hozzie, their suppose to make ye feel better. Whit the fuck happened? \"Help?\" the call is feeble n weak in ma ain ears but somehow someyin hears it anyway. An aulder nurse appears looking fit enough in the white uniform n starts gabbing at us about a bunch ay things before ah can handle it properly. Ah am in the hozzie in London. Thaire wis an accident in the shopping centre wi the escalator. Ah wisnae the only yin hurt but Ah am the yin worse oof. It is a lot n Ah think Ah start tae panic n Ah'm hurting a lot so she's shoves a needle in us but it doesnae dull the pain n instead shoves ma heid intae darkness. The second time it is just as hurtful. But it wasnae the ward nurse that Ah awoke tae. It is a lassie in a proper skirt wi a folder n an aulder cunt in a suit a few steps below Sicks' stolen Armani n several steps above ma Leith Provi yin. They look really prof. Ah clock the polis officer at the door n ah cannae help the wide-eyed feart look as ma lamps dart aroond the room n Ah shift, uncomfortably exposed in bed. Ah'm in a load ay trouble, Ah ken it. Some ay the guards had clocked oor gang the day before whin we had been aboot the centre. Ah'd never been arrested before; Ah'm tae much ay a take-the-abuse kind ay cunt after Ah'm daft enough to incite it—usually ay Franco n then Ah just deserve it. But Ah am disabused ay that reasonable notion as the pair introduce themselves n Ah'm shocked by whit they tell us. Ah am not tae be jailed fir the scam after all but rewarded. After an hour n several documents signed in ma shaky script, Ah'm finally left tae maself. Holy shite, Begbie is gaunny be beside himself as the happiest cunt in Leith whin he hears aboot this. But Ah cannae think oan it long n Ah'm shouting fir the nurse. Ah am suffering n cannae understand why the want us tae suffer. \"Ah just need something tae take the edge oof,\" Ah plead whin she finally comes in whit seems hours later n she denies ma appeal. \"I know your history, Mr Renton.\" She informs us n is nae impressed wi ma watery puppy-eyes n sulking. Ah give a petulant whine as she leaves. They must have got ma file fae the hozzie in Edinburgh, the pages that tell ay the visit Ah paid that put us oan the clean track. Ma last visit to Tollstreet, Mother Superior's. Still dinnae ken if it wis a bad hit or if ma body just couldnae handle one more injection n Ah wis just drowning maself by then. Whin Ah am oan heroin it's a barry time n whin the end comes, it will be a barry end tae. Thaire's nae fear, nae worry. But in the detox ward ay the hozzie, strapped tae a bed like a captive wi the high naw longer clouding ma fears—Ah was scared shitless. Ah wis clean n clear fir the first time in a very long time. This time, Ah did nae run back tae skag, ma past favourite Mistress ay the Damned. Ah banished her fae ma body. She has other far more willing cunts tae go tae than tae bother wi ma unwilling soul anymore n Ah only think ay her as a passing thought nowadays before ma mind moves oan tae the important things again. Ay course, Ah still drink n smoke n toke, n take speed now n then, or dubious pills that Sick Boys slips us whin he's feeling generous. But Ah dinnae touch the needle anymore or the pipe. Ah'm oof the hard stuff fir good is the promise Ah tell maself oan hard times like now. - T1 - Ah spend a total ay a night, a day, n a night in the London hozzie. N Ah get nae a single visit from ma cunt friends. Ah dinnae ken wair they ur but assume they went home; must have found oot whit happened n ran. Ah am plagued wi thoughts ay betrayal stuck up in the hozzie, Ah can take the payment dosh that wis transferred intae ma account like all the other victims n run. Ma rationale fir the thought ur simple n reasonable. The scam may have been Begbie's, but the only reason it succeeded is because ay me. Spud n Simon did shite, even if whit happened wis nae ma plan. Ah still took the fall n ah still got the money. Ma hospital bill is all paid fir, Ah can get the driver tae drop us anywhere that isnae Leith—but Ah cannae seem tae go through wi it. Ah'm back in ma suit, it is all Ah had n they wouldnae very well let us oot in the gown. It's torn wi blood stains, n the entire outer seam ay the right leg is cut in the slacks tae allow room fir ma cast up tae ma thigh. Ah'm dropped back a Leith n fill ma prescription ay antibiotics n ay the mind tae heid back tae ma parental home, let ma Ma fawn over us. But Ah'm caught oot before Ah can try n Ah'm nae fast enough oan the crutches tae get away—fae the mastermind himself; Generalissimo. \"Rent Boy!\" n he's dragging us over tae the Cenny wair he's tae meet the boys, ma feeble protests n choked whimpers ay pain falling oan deaf ears. \"Look who Ah found, wandering the streets like a lost wee cunt!\" he calls. He shoves us intae the booth instead ay letting me sit oan the outside so Ah can prop ma leg oan a chair tae try n alleviate the pain. Whit Ah really want right now is tae fucking lay doon but he's having none ay it! He wants the fruits ay his labours—ha! Ah would laugh at the thought if Ah didnae hurt so much n want tae hurt more. Ah'm shoved in between Begbie and Spud, wi Sick Boy all the way oan the other side ay the booth. \"Alright, Rents?\" Spud asks us as Sicks eyes us silently fae the other side. \"Aye-\" is all Ah manage before Franco is taking over: \"Aw, he's sound, Spud!\" he says, giving us a sound thump oan the chest (which ma breath wheezes oot ma lungs instantly n Ah fight the urge tae cough), tae prove his claim. \"Now that he's oof that dirty shite!\" \"Thanks, Franco.\" Ah manage. He just gives us a nod n sets back oantae his original track. \"Tell us a story, Renton.\" An so Ah make some shite up n hope the fallout willnae be tae hard if he finds oot the whole thing wis an utter accident that Ah just happen tae be caught up in. \"…Ye should have seen this fucking cunt in his suit wi his haircut, shaking at the foot ay ma bed basically throwing the dosh intae ma lap.\" Ah'm exaggerating, but it's fluffing up Franco's feathers n keeping mine fae being bent n broken. \"Yes wir fucking genius, Franco. Smartest cunt in this place. Ye hear that, you fucking wankers?!\" Ah shout oot intae the pub n Franco is loving it, \"Ye listen tae every word ay this cunt if ye ken whit's good fir ye or ye deserve whit ye fucking get!\" Ah have nae fucking clue whit the hell Ah'm saying, Ah'm just trying not tae give intae the urge tae greet fir the pain. It would nae go over wll in this crowd of cunts. Mibby whin we finally get home, Si will turn a blind eye n let us blubber without embarrassment. \"Couldnae have done it wioot yer point plan, Begars.\" Franco plants a hard one oan ma bruised heid. \"Yer a beautiful cunt, Mark. Ah ken ye hud it in ye tae nae fuck this up!\" he gives us a hardy shake that rattles ma already thumping brain in ma skull; fuck! \"Let's see it, then.\" He says. \"What?\" Ah crinkle ma eyebrows, trying tae steady ma sight. \"It's in ma account, Franco-\" \"Ye do nae have it oan ye?\" he growls, giving us a stinky, suspicious eye like he kens whit Ah wis thinking in the hozzie. \"No-\" Ah can sketch he's getting pissed n Ah gulp. Fuck! Ah flash pleading eyes across the table at Sick Boy who huffs a very put-upon sigh but intercedes like the best mate he is: \"Come oan, Franco. Give him a minute. He just got back. He hasnae even had a drink fir Christ sake!\" Franco's heid turns toa him n Ah can feel Spud next tae us, holding his ain breath, but Sicks remains relaxed n unchallenging. \"Then git oof ye arse n git him un ye fucking cunt.\" Begbie jerks his heid toward the bar in order. \"Bring us a roond back!\" Sick Boy gives us a brow twitch that states clearly 'ye owe us!' as he slips fae the booth n over tae the bar. When he comes back, handing aroond the pints Ah gulp mine like a fish returning tae the water after being caught. Ah haven't had anything since the thin gruel at the hozzie fir breaky n the alcohol hits me fast n easy, making us a flash light-heided. Begbie wants his share tomorrow n Ah dinnae argue. Ah just smile n nod n hope it will get us ootta thaire n intae bed faster. Ah find another pint appearing in front ay us almost as soon as Ah'm finished the first. N Ah ask naw questions. It just makes us want tae take a pish n more unstable oan the crutches. But at least it fuzzes the edges ay ma ache—at least until Ah go through the trip home. Spud helps Sick Boy finally drag us back tae our gaff oan Montgomery, giving us a wee gentle hug before taking oof. Ah hobble over tae the bed, drop the crutches tae the floor n collapse oantae the mattress. \"Fuck,\" Ah hiss. Now that Ah'm still n doon, the full amount ay the pain finally washes over us n Ah moan, eyes press closed as tears prick behind them. Si stands beside the bed, looking at us pitifully wi a sharp downward slash ay his pouty lips. \"Why ur ye so whiney?\" he questions, \"Did they nae give ye something?\" \"Naw,\" Ah mumble, \"They got hold ay ma hozzie record wi ma overdose n refused tae give us anything.\" \"That's shite, mate.\" Simon sympathizes. \"Want us tae give ye a fix, do ye right up?\" he offers. \"Ah'm clean, Si. Ah dinnae want that fucking shite.\" Ah dinnae have tae sketch him tae ken that he rolls his eyes. \"Yer a right daft cunt, Mark, wi yer stupid posh regulations. Yer even harder tae stand now that yer clean.\" Ah make naw response. \"Fine. But ye better nae keep us up wi yer whining.\" He gives the bed a kick n Ah grunt at the jolt. \"Fuck ye,\" Ah tell him as he turns n Ah can't help the fleeting smile across ma frowning mouth. It's the little things that show Simon David Williamson cares. \"In yer fantasies, Rents. In yer fantasies,\" Ah think Ah hear him mutter as he shuts the door. Ma whimpers disturb his sleep n Sick Boy wasnae very pleased wi us in the morn, nae that Ah wis ay a very great mood either—neither made better whin Franco comes pounding oan the door early wanting his share like promised at Cenny's. If Ah withdraw everyone's share at once, it might look suspicious. But I do Franco's right away, Ah'm not stupid enough even in ma cloud ay pain tae make him wait—even though the last thing Ah want tae do is be oot n aboot. Spud willingly agrees tae wait fir his share, even admits quietly that mibby it is better if Ah hold oantae it so he doesnae just blow it all oan skag which everyone kens he will. Simon give us the ultimatum ay the end ay the week. Ah spend the next five days staying in bed as much as Ah can, only getting up fir food, tae pish, n wash the pain sweats wi a wet cloth. Ah have yet tae take a shower, cannae by maself wioot getting ma cast wet n Ah'm nae asking Sick Boy; the cloth still leaves us smelling a tad ripe but it keeps the worst ay it away. Spud gave us a visit n brought with him a London red-top that Ah had naw idea how he got his hands oan, that had an article ay whit happened at the shopping centre with the escalator n the compensation green given tae the involved injured parties like maself (thankfully nae mentioned by name). Ah make the scattered gadge promise nae tae show Begbie; the last thing Ah need is the psycho charging in here wi the state ay us, reacting however he might at the news that it was all an accident n not the draw ay his 'incredible' plan that got him paid. Sicks was even feeling generous n brought us some fish n chips, taking the extra fish cos he kens Ah dinnae eat meat or fish n leaves us the chips as we watch Sean Connery on the TV. But ma vacation ay pain n misery is put tae an end as Sicko badgers us up; he wants his dosh. Even makes us a cup ay coffee tae move us along as Ah managed tae struggle oan a pair of shorts over ma cast, one scuffed tennis shoe oantae ma foot n a shirt before he's herding us oot the door. Ah'm tae annoyed n in pain tae give a shite whit he needs his share so urgently aboot, n Ah'm sure he tells us exactly his plans n Ah'm nodding n making the appropriate sounds, but nae a single word ay whit he's fucking saying penetrates ma pounding skull. Ah do get thrust back intae reality whin he slyly offers tae do the withdraw himself, allowing us back tae the comfort ay the gaff, whin he kens Ah'm distracted. Ah dinnae fall fir it. Simon's ma best mate, but fuck if Ah'm gonnae trust him with ma accounts info. He purposefully lengthens his strides so Ah'm either left behind or struggle tae keep up wi him. Ah refuse tae play his game n go at the pace that willnae wipe us oot completely before Ah can get back tae the gaff n collapse again in exhaustion n pain. Ma brilliant decision leaves it one-nill in ma favour as Sick Boy is left tae loiter in front ay the bank smoking a cigarette as he waits fir us tae arrive. Ah grin as he scowls at us, grinding the butt intae the walk whin Ah finally arrive. Ah wipe ma sweaty mug oan ma shoulder as Ah wait whin he's forced tae hold the door open fir us like Ah wis a lassie. Ah give a superior snicker as Ah pass the threshold n in retaliation, he sticks his toe in front ay ma crutch rubber. Ah can't get the crutch back under me, Ah'm going doon. Ah cannae stop it. Shite, this is going tae hurt. But even as he trips us, he catches us. That was Simon. \"Fuck, Si! Ye cunt!\" Ah shout, drawing looks from the other bankers. Ah ignore them as Ah try tae catch ma panicked breath back. Sick Boy pets us condescendingly soothing oan ma back, even as he has that wicked twinkle in his eyes. \"Ye fucking bastard.\" Ah whisper n he grins like it's a compliment. As soon as Ah give Sicks his share, he turns n just leaves us oan the sidewalk ootside the bank, wioot even a backwards glance or cheerio, just a raised airm. Ah stare after him like Ah'm a fucking heartbroken lassie. Ah'm still shaky fae ma near encounter n want tae sit, but Ah ken that if Ah do, Ah willnae want tae get up fir awhile. Ah'm fucking exhausted n just want tae lay doon, alone wi maself in ma ain misery—so Ah take a cab back. Ah managed tae gulp doon a gless ay water n get ma shoes oof n peel oof ma sweated-through shirt before Ah collapse back intae bed, falling intae an exhausted, pained, fevered, restless sleep. Ma dream is fucked up, it's nae coherent. Ah hear murmuring, a familiar voice, but Ah can't seems tae pull towards it n the safety Ah'm sure it will provide fae this pain. Thaire's a warmth oan my chest. Heavy, settled. \"Hey hey.\" It's the voice again, clearer. Ah jolt n ma eyes snap open, breathing heavy. \"Easy.\" \"Si?\" Ah ask in confusion, looking up at him, disoriented. \"Yep.\" He nods, nae looking back at us but fussing wi ma right airm. \"Whit're ye-?\" Ah start tae ask, ma heid turning n Ah sketch whit he is doing tae ma airm—cinching his broon belt aroond ma bicep. \"Whit're ye doing?!\" Ah cry. \"Gonnae fix ye right up, Rents.\" He promises us. Ah struggle beneath him, trying tae buck him oof but he has us. The previous weight Ah had over him doesnae help us now, Ah'm tae weak in ma current state tae exert any power behind it fir it tae be ay any use. N Ah just collapse pathetically back wi a whimper n his weight sinks back oantae us. Ah'm pathetic. \"Please, Si!\" Ah beg him, feebly trying to pull oof the belt but he just shifts his knee n ma free airm is trapped. \"Dinnae!\" \"It's fir yer ain good, Mark.\" Sick Boy growls firmly. \"Ye cannae keep oan like this fir both our sakes.\" He takes ma wrist n stretches ma airm along his warm, muscled thigh. Ah feebly try tae tug it free but he holds it firm n abuses a healthy vein tae the surface ay ma elbow. \"Simon,\" Ah wimble. He ignores us n picks up the needle ay cooked skag he has already prepared oan the mattress next tae us. \"Naw...\" N Ah watch helpless, tears pricking ma eyes as the needle breaks through ma healthy, healed, sensitive skin. Ah whinge. Ma blood swirls whimsically intae the syringe n Ah turn ma heid away, unable tae watch as Ah am broken as he presses the plunger before releasing the belt n pulling the needle. Ma back arches n Ah gasp as it hits us, almost feeling painful in its intensity. Simon grabs ma coupon, hold us steady, thumbs brushing ma cheeks in soothing strokes. Ah try tae fight the hit, even though ah ken it's nae possible. A tear leaks fae the corner ay ma eye n he licks it away wi the tip ay his tongue. He rests his foreheid against mine n murmurs, \"It's alright, Ah got ye, let go, Mark.\" N his breath collides wi mine, forcing us tae breathe n fall intae the embrace. Ah hate him. Ah love him. Ah want tae kill him fir forcing this intae us against ma will, ma want. He kens Ah didnae want this. Ah begged fir him nae tae but he did it anyway. Ah will, Ah swear, Ah promise—but then the high closes over ma mind n Ah'm flying, floating, free, careless, fearless. Right now Ah dinnae care, Ah cannae care, Ah am nae capable as Ah am pain-free fir the first time in more than a week. Ah will beat his fucking arse once this barry, braw high throws us doon again n Ah am fae the familiar, sensual caress ay our Mistress ay the Damned. f - TRAINSPOTTING - So... this wasn't exactly how I had intended it either LOL but I'll keep it 'cause I kinda like and it gave me some trouble so posting makes the effort worth it. I totally got carried away with it again ;P Please like and review? I started to write this in 3rd Person POV, but I just find it more... content, to write in Mark's POV. Deleted: Ah'm the oanly clean yin, besides Begbie, who never took any impairing thing besides drink n the green. | Why did he decide tae be clean this month? Sick Boy n Spud seemed tae have better sense than him . | The old Slip-n-Sue. It would be easy, Franco said. Because all his ideas were fool-proof, even a spacey ginger cunt like him could pull it off. And he was clean for the time being. Begbie, ay course, never touched skag, but that didn't matter because either Begbie got his way or you got your balls carved off with a broken bottle. All he had to do was take the fall—literally. Even though it was Begbie's master plan, the bastard had no intention ay taking the fall for anything, even if that landed them in some heavy dosh. Selfish cunt. He was always strapped for notes, even though he was off the skag. It vanished into the atmosphere like it was a detox hallucination in the first place. | Like a staircase n lift had an aphetic affair n some suits took advantage n now there are escalators. | They must have got ma health file from the hozzie in Leith n saw the reason ay ma most recent visit. ","Summary":" a/n: This is the original story I first intended, mentioned in the end notes of \"FIX\" — [ Mark ge"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"untitled","Author":"danniblaze","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4595112","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Choosenlife. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family, Choose anfucking big television, Choose washing machines, cars, compact discnplayers, and electrical tin openers. Well, I chose not to choosenlife: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons.nWho need reasons when you've got heroin?\" BEEP.nBEEP. Sharpnpain as something whacks my mouth, I groggily open my eyes. Sicknboy's foot is right in front of my face. For a minute I dont knownwhere I am, my still asleep brain is trying to work out who has thenstupid pink wallpaper with Minnie Mouse on. What the hell made thatnnoise? I look around the room, no furniture apart from a set of drawsnwith an ancient black TV sitting on top. Me and Sickboy are lying onna mattress that smells suspiciously like piss, does feel a littlendamp actually. Mynhand hits an empty Fosters can as I stretch. Theres a pair of legsnhanging out of an inbuilt wardrobe that I didnt notice before. Darknblue skinny jeans with one white trainer on, I think it's Spud. Inhave no idea how much I drank last night, my head feels like angorilla is playing In the Air tonight on drums. Alice. Thats it! Its Alice's house, this was her daughters room before shenwas taken off her by the social. The night is slowly coming back tonme. Alice sobbing to me about her daughter and those bastards at thensocial, drinking all those Fosters can, those pills that tasted likenhairspray, Sickboy throwing up outside, Begbie smashin' some poor sodnover the head with a bottle. Typical night. I wonder what happened tonBegbie? Hopefully in a cell somewhere. Sickboysnshifting around, Uh...Rents, What time is it?. I look down at mynwatch. Two, I tell him. Sickboy mumbles something incohorent andnrolls onto his side. I get up heading towards the bathroom. Morenpeople passed out on the stairs, I boot a bottle of strongbow out mynway and open the bathroom door. Damn it, someones got their headnstuck in the toilet. Not that I've never woken up like that mind you.nThere's even someone in the bath. Wild night. I'mnback in the pink room, theres a syringe lying near Sickboy. I pick itnup placing it on the draws, thats why I never shoot up at housenpartys, you dont know whos your using. My best mate Tommy caught thenbig A but actually ended up dying from toxomoplosis last year. Evernsince then I'm even more careful and vigilant. I like to think I'vencut down, seen as my best friend died becuase of the habit, but whonam I kidding? Things are so much easier when you've got an honest andnsincere drug habit. All those little things in life, girlfriends,nboyfriends, jobs, houses, tax, mortgages, really don't matter. MaybenI'm just a coward and can't face life. Whatever. Spudnsits up, rubbing his face. He looks bad, all pale with bags under hisneyes. My phone's vibrating, don't recognize the number. Renton, whatntime is it? Spud asks. What am I, a walking watch? Its nearly tennpast two, I say. Spud Yawns, Weren't we supposed to go to thatninterview today at one? Crap. Yeah, I forgot 'bout that, I tell him.nSpud shakes his head and stands up. It'll be okay, just make up somenexcuse, he says. I nod. I hope they don't stop my giro, it'snconditional as long as I attend the job interviews they set up. Thennagain me, Spud, Sickboy, Begbie, Vic, and even Tommy did, claim gironat different addresses. Gives me a buzz cheating the government outnof money. Inkick Sickboy lightly in the side, Get up sleeping beauty, I poke himnwith my foot, then start to shake him. He sits up waving me off, I'mnup, he groans. Get your shoes on, I tell him. Spud finds hisntrainers, throwing them at him. Once Sickboy had manged to put hisntrainers on, the three of us made our way outside. Normal englishnweather, freezing, cloudy and no sun. We all zip our jackets up,nSickboy tightning his scarf around his neck. I told him he looked gaynin that the first day he bought it, doesn't seem to deter him though.nHe just doesn't realise how stupid he looks. Wenended up in town, drinking bottles of water in a cafe, curing our drynmouth and hopefully getting rid of our hangovers. So what you boysndoing today? Sickboy asks. Spud shrugs and looks out the window. Whatnare you doing? I ask Sickboy. Sickboy smiles that arrogant littlensmile of his, I'm meeting the lovely Anna. I roll my eyes joiningnSpud in looking out the window. People swarming all over, getting tontheir jobs, their partners, their terraced houses with their centralnheating. I turn back to Sickboy who is checking out a waitress,nbending over. I finish my bottle and stand up, I'm off, I'll see younguys laters. Sickboy nods, Spud goes, Later Rents. Before I head home I walk into thentrain station to find Forrester, a local drug dealer. I find him on anmatrress, reading a porno, fag hanging out of his mouth. He looks up,nAh Rents my man. Got summat for ya, custom designed for ya needs. Henhands me a suppositry. What the hell? I ask, I want a hit! He shrugs,nTake it or leave it man. I sigh and do the deed, I smile falsely atnhim, For all the good it'll do me, I may as well stick it up my ass.nHe shrugs again, looking back at his magazine. I leave it to him. I'm heading back home, when a massivencramp hits me, doubling me over. I run into a pub straight to thentoilet. I didn't realise that I had ran into a pub heaving withnfootball hooligans. I'm washing my hands as three guys walk in, theynare mid - conversation, talking about when they cracked some guysnhead in for getting lippy. I wipe my hands quickly on my jeansnwanting to get the hell out. 'Old on,boy, one of them says. I turn tonlook. This guys big like Arnold Schwarzneggar big, he's wearing annexpensive looking suit, black hair slicked back. Whats ya name? henasks, he sounds slighlty foreign, italian, french, who the hellncares? Rents, I tell him. I'm amazed at how calm my voice sounds. You ever 'erd of a geezer callednSickboy?. God, what's he done this time? I tell him I haven't, afternall he is a mate. Really? he asks, 'coz I've seen you hanging aroundnwith him, your Mark Renton, you two are as thick as thieves, and thatnMurphy boy. His goons snicker. I face them both and before I can stopnmyself I blurt out, What are you two laughing at? Way to go, Rents,nget yourself stamped on in a pubs toilets by the mafia. They stopnlaughing immediantly and stare at me. Their expressions arenhilarious, probaly didn't except a skinny scottish smack head like mento question them. Suddenly, Arnie the Don, laughs. Yours two faces,nbeauitful, he bends over laughing hard. The goons look at each other,nwhere did he find these two, there like a double act. I can't helpnbut say that out loud, The Don guy laughs even harder. They are stillnlooking at each other, confusion etched into their faces, one of themneven scrathes his head. That sets me off, I can't stop laughing. Arnie slaps me on the back stillnlaughing, he nearly knocks me over, Ah Rents, I like you, you tellnyour mate, Sicky, that Dom is lookin' for 'im, yeh? He pats me on thenback, walks out with the goons trailing behind him, looking likenlittle ducklings following their mum, I've got to stop laughing. WhennI have myself moderatly under control I walk out of the toilets. Inscan the room, Dom and his goons are no where to be seen. ","Summary":" \"Choosenlife. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family, Choose anfucking big television, Cho"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Untitled","Author":"Snerk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2180493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The room's too cold and the blankets are falling off the dirty mattress. Mark's only half asleep, and in his state of near consciousness he pulls the cover up to his chin. The half of his brain that has not retired for the night is still in the pub he left two hours ago. It was on the same stool that he'd sat on, drinking and nervously watching the match even though he knew they couldn't possibly lose to Brighton. \"We did man!\" grinned Spud. He turned to Renton, with the same grin that would have looked completely psychotic if Rents didn't know he was intoxicated. And that was when he kissed him wide eyes and breath that tastes like whiskey. And Mark hates it for feeling so goddamn good. ","Summary":" The room's too cold and the blankets are falling off the dirty mattress. Mark's only half asleep, a"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"H2 Hack","Author":"ThomE.Gemcity-06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12653552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] a/n: Essence Series. Companion to: \"Hack\" Summary: Mates are like a bad habit that is difficult to break, because if you couldn't be yourself with your mates, then who could you be yourself with? Includes/Warning: T2 Spoilers, Mark POV. - T2 TRAINSPOTTING - H2 Hack Ah forgot. Ah tricked maself intae thinking it would be different. That's whit we alweys do, contort oor memories wi the sentiment ay hope that mibby it'll be different this time. Is it fucking ever? It's been 20 years n we're all just aulder versions ay oor past selves. Sick Boy's life theory finally come tae maturity. Fuck sake, how kin Ah ever live it doon? Easily done... fucking lie. \"So, ye went oot thair n made something ay yirself, a proper citizen daeing his part fir civilization.\" He mocks, leaning against the pool table in his auntie's auld pub. Ah am too well-aware ay the cue laying across his thighs. \"At least Ah did something wi ma life.\" \"£16,000 will dae that fir ye.\" He utters under his breath. £14,000, Ah think ay Spud. The reason Ah'm talking tae this cunt in the first place. Ah dinnae ken whit Ah wis thinking. Ah'd let Spud get tae us. Guilt us intae staying... Just a bit , he said. Hanging his fucking future suicide attempts oan the contingency ay ma staying. The clever bastard. Ye kin never tell whin it came tae Spud Murphy whether it's a act ay brilliance or just pure accident. \"Ye think ye kin just call yirself 'Simon' n that means yir no 'Sick Boy' anymore? Whit a fucking laugh!\" \"Aye. Like yiv made something ay yirself like. Yet here we both are in the same place.\" He stands fae the pool table, spreading his airms in indication, ay us, ay him, his fucking theory personified. \"In the end we cannae just hack it, how eloquently ye put it back then... Mark. \" Ah'm minded ay a few things aboot ma so-called best mate. He's still a better fighter than Ah am even though he still treats his body like a rubbish dump, n Ah wisnae aware enough ay the fucking pool cue, or the several after that left very distinct bruises oan ma torso. Ah still gie him the £4,000 anywey after ma knock fir six at regaining conscious, surprised he didnae nick it while Ah wis oot. Just do ma mission n get the fuck oot. But it's never that simple, is it? It's too easily tae get sucked intae the past, commiserate, attend the bridge tae auld mates. … A visit tae ma mother's grave wi ma father n Ah huv tae wonder if thair wis ever a time she wis proud ay us. Did Ah ever do anything in ma life, as Rent Boy, Mark Renton, or Mark Philip Renton tae make her proud ay us? Quit uni n get addicted tae heroin; an opportunity wi betrayal ay ma mates n fucking run oaf fir twenty years; a broken marriage, nae kids, nae career. All ay it n whit the fuck did Ah huv tae show fir maself? Simon wis right. Simon n his fucking theories that Ah alweys used tae rool ma eyes at. Ah ran awey fir fucking 20 years! Ah dinnae even ken ma mother wis deid till ma father telt us. Whae the fuck wis Ah kidding? \"Ah'm forty-six n Ah'm fucked! Ah've got nae home. Ah've got nowhere Ah think ay as home. Ah don't really ken anyone. You, Spud, Veronika. How fucking pathetic is that? 46 years, another fucking thirty guaranteed apparently n Ah've got nowt!\" Ah cannae stop, standing in the middle ay his flat like Ah'm shouting ma confessions tae Christ. \"N whit's the substance ay oor acquaintance, eh?\" \"Friendship, please.\" Simon deadpans. Ah sputter a scuff. \"Is that whit the fuck ye want tae call it, us stabbing each other in the back in turn?\" \"We're too auld n set in oor weys tae find new yins.\" He says. \"Best just live wi it, Rent Boy.\" Ah sit heavily oan the couch next tae him. Nae yin's called us that in twenty-fucking years. It takes the breath oot ay ma ribs. It crushes us just a bit, leaves us feeling dry an brittle. \"Aye,\" Ah utter, slumping back. Two days in Edinburgh n Mark Philip Renton wis already flaking awey. Ah hudnae scraped Rent Boy's skin awey whin Ah decided tae leave n take the money. The reality ay it wis that Ah'd just grown a new skin over him, Ah tricked maself, like Ah hud wi so many things. Diane wis right. The world was changed. Music wis fluid. Thair wis alweys another new designer drug oot thair. But fuck if people changed. Fuck if Ah hud changed fae the wanker whae stole fae his so-called mates. \"Awright.\" Ah turn ma heid oan the back ay the couch tae look over at him. \"How do ye want tae do this... get the money fir yir brothel. \" \"Sauna, please.\" Simon corrected, en rote, sending us a look fae the corner ay his eye, a spark n Ah cannae help but respond. \"Brothel.\" Ah cannae help the shite-eating grin. \"Well...\" he huffs. \"Yil soon see it ma wey, ye alweys do.\" It wis too easily tae fall back intae scamming wi Simon. Tae fall back intae the past. Tae glorify it. Yin wee shift ay the breeze n a skin cultivated fae twenty years wis flakes in the wind, n Rent Boy wis back. A duffle bag is all that wis left ay Mark Philip Renton, just the outside dressing, mind you. Thair wis nowt else tae show fir it, so Ah fell back in wi Simon n Spud adding layers tae Rent Boy whae'd gone wanting over the past years. ... All these years, ma past wis just waiting fir us, revolving, until Ah returned. The shadow ay Begbie wis dense, yet Ah stayed. Even after he sliced us. Even after Simon kent he escaped fae prison n wis oan the warpath, Ah fucking stayed in this destitute place. Mibby Ah wis just sick ay trying tae be better than whit Ah wis. Fir twenty years Ah wis chained tae the lie ay ma past. Mark Philip Renton wis the mask ay a wooden boy. Thair's nowt ay substance tae even prove that he really existed, that his life wisnae just some dream that Ah concocted tae get awey. If ye cannae mind people ye cared fir, did the present still exist, wis it even worth remembering if ye cannae even be bothered tae live through it? But wi the return tae ma past, rich wi memories, good n bad, wi people, loved n hated, Ah want more n more tae remember. Wi each bruise, cut, n indignity—it's all revealed tae us. The truth ay it all. In Simon's betrayal, he matched me. We were impolsive, selfish, destructive, petulant. We revealed tae each other oor darkest—n yet, we still looked each other in the eye. If ye couldna be yirself wi yir mates, the whae the fuck were ye? You look fir someone else, Ah did. Ah failed. So if ye couldnae be yirself wi someone else, then why no be yirself wi yir mates? It wis all oot in the open between Si n Ah. Oor darkest betrayal. N in the end, Spud showed it too. If ye couldna be yirself wi yir mates, then whae the fuck were ye? But if ye hud tae be someone, why no be it wi yir mates? If ye couldnae be yirself wi someone else, whae did ye huv tae turn other than yir mates, the family ye chose? Mates, home, it wis the things Ah'd been running fae fir the past two decades, but Ah huv it all figured oot. Ah am no Rent Boy, Mark Renton, Mark Philip Renton—Ah am Mark Philip 'Rent Boy' Renton. Ah am ma past, ma present, n ma future. f - T2 TRAINSPOTTING - ","Summary":" a/n: Essence Series. Companion to: \"Hack\" Summary: Mates are like a bad habit that is difficult t"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"The Elusive Miss Coulston","Author":"Trivial Pursuit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9597389","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notes: I am not from Leith. I am not even from the same continent. I don't mean to offend people from Leith/Edinburgh/Scotland/Europe/whoever else I could possibly offend. I'm working off movie-only canon. Porno didn't happen in this story. She tells Stuart she's from Glasgow because she still can't bear to tell people she's from Edinburgh, because if they're from Edinburgh, like Stuart is, they'll invariably ask her which part, and call it shame, call it cowardice, call it escaping censure, call it whatever the fuck you want, but she can't bear the looks when she says 'Leith' because that's like being from London and saying 'Poplar'. And it's not even technically a lie; after Mark moved to London her parents shipped her off to her aunt's in Glasgow for the remainder of secondary school and uni. Della got out of that life; she got out of skag and sex and porn, she got out of Leith and nobody's going to drag her back there. Nobody. But she can feel herself slipping back into that headspace, can feel it when Bell looks at her police file from back when she was Dianne and says 'Francis Begbie?' Because if anyone's going to come and rip this life that she's carefully built for herself brick by brick to shreds its going to be Francis fucking Begbie. Begbie's the type of guy every copper from London to Hegg has heard of because someone's mate or brother-in-law or guv'nor or something got bottled or beaten up. But she's still not sure what to say so she says nothing at all. Later, when they're driving back to The Herald 's offices Cal says 'Francis Begbie?' because no matter what shit he pulls, short of actually killing someone, Begbie's still not famous enough for many reporters south of the border to know who he is. Della pretends not to hear him because Francis Begbie isn't part of her fresh start. When Stuart gets shot all Della can think about is how much Mark would have liked Stuart. But, despite the complete and utter shitstorm that Cal is raising around Stephen Collins, he still has time to ask every bloody person on staff exactly who Francis Begbie is while dropping her name into the conversation each time. Mostly people don't know, but a few raise eyebrows and tell Cal to stop stirring up his co-worker's shit. Eventually Cal forgets about it as he gets more and more wrapped up in the Collins family. Eventually, as the whole affair comes to a head, even Della forgets about it, instead focusing on what is probably the Watergate to the team's Woodward and Bernstein. It is Dan, kept on by his father after Cal spirals out of control, who brings it up next, almost a year after the Collins Affair. 'Francis Begbie did five years in a Scottish prison for beating a man with a bottle.' They're sitting in a car waiting for a gunrunner to walk out of a warehouse with an aide to the Minister of Defence. It makes her gut twist cruelly when the words come from his mouth because, no matter what, she doesn't want Dan of all people thinking she's a criminal or a skag whore. 'Okay.' 'He's out now.' 'I know.' 'Who told you? The man himself?' 'Hardly, I barely knew him.' 'Then why's his name on your police record.' At her confused look; 'Cal told me.' 'I barely knew him at the wrong time.' 'So who told you?' 'Leave it alone Dan. Let the dead have their peace.' His face twists oddly, surprised by her words, or perhaps taking them literally rather then metaphorically as she had intended. 'Who's dead?' 'Dianne.' The words pop out against her will, escaping her lips like Evil escaped Pandora's Box. 'Who's Dianne?' Impulsively, Della leans forward and kisses him, the bit of gold on his finger be damned, and to her surprise, he kisses her back. 'No one.' ","Summary":" Notes: I am not from Leith. I am not even from the same continent. I don't mean to offend people fr"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"untitled","Author":"MorganFerdinand","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5378712","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He's lying on the floor, on his side, with his hands between his knees and his cheek flat against the threadbare carpet. I can't do much more myself, but once in a while I stick my foot out and nudge the small of his back, just to see if he's dead. He never is. Not that I want him to be dead, mind. I know it sounded sorta like I was saying that, but that's not what I meant at all. I mean, Rents… he's my mate. I can hear Spud laughing somewhere in the flat. I don't know if he's in the room with us or even in the flat. I could be hearing things. Wouldn't be the first time the scag made me hallucinate. Wouldn't be the last, either. There's a couplea birds pressed together in the corner, near the loo. I don't know their names and I can't remember if I shagged either of them, but the skinny blonde one's not looking so good. She's got the shakes and the other girl with the darker hair is cuddling her and saying things about how she's going to be fine. She doesn't look fine. While I watch them the skinny one vomits up something clear and foamy and a little pink. Swanney starts barking at them to leave and the darker girl helps her friend up and they scurry out, clinging to the walls and watching Swanney. They look like hermit crabs scuttling along. Mark vomits then. The same sticky, pinkish liquid. Swanney just shakes his head and waves his hand at me. Me and Rents, we're regulars. We get a little bit more leeway. I slide off the couch and kneel next to him, rubbing the side of his head. His head's shaved as usual and just barely fuzzy, like a peach. The texture fascinates me and I forget for a moment what I'm supposed to be doing. I roll him onto his stomach, then heave him up to his knees. \"C'mon, mate. Walk a bit. Walk it off\". \"MmgIthinImawrig\" he gurgles and then vomits again, falling to his knees. It's darker pink and his nose is bleeding. I get behind him and wrap my arms around his chest, up under his arms and haul him up again. It's like lifting a bunch of sticks and cloth. The junk's burning out of my system fast, like it does. It's good, though, because Rents pukes a third time. I ball my fists up and put them against his stomach and push hard until he does it again. It's clear this time. Just bile, sticky and yellow. There's no blood in it and his nose has stopped bleeding. \"Swan-ney\"! He brings over a dirty-but-wet rag that looks like it might be one of baby Dawn's shirts and I realize that Alison hasn't been around in a few days. I make a mental note to ring her (I will forget this note immediately after the next hit of heroin). I wipe Mark's face and rub his head again until he sags against my shoulder, turning so he's facing me and his hand's rubbing the side of my head, grasping my ear. He plants an open-mouth kiss on the side of my neck and I shrug him back. \"Knock if off, Rents. C'mon. Let's go get a few pints\". That seems to perk him up and he nods. \"Yeah. Pints. Seeya, Swanney. Back later. Keep my spot warm\". Swanney flips us off as I half-drag Mark from the flat, down the stairs, and out into the street. ","Summary":" He's lying on the floor, on his side, with his hands between his knees and his cheek flat against t"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Sharing Is Caring: Nosh","Author":"ThomE.Gemcity-06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12616770","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Simon is being selfish as usual; Mark only thinks it's right that he shares n gives him a taste of why. Includes: Mark POV, Pre-slash. - TRAINSPOTTING - Sharing is Caring: Nosh Ah looked doon at ma grease-stained news paper basket in forlorn dejection. Ah'm oot ay chips n still hungry. Ah glance side-long at Sick Boy sitting next tae us oan the couch, eyes glued tae the box n his idol Sean Connery, busy eating up the extra fish fae ma order—his oon news paper basket crowded wi more than half his share of chips. Ah watch him as he licks his greasy fingers before picking up a chip n eating it. Ah subconsciously lick ma oon wanting lips n ma gaze flickers tae his basket. It's oanly fair. \"Give us some ay yir chips, eh, Si?\" Ah reach fir his basket with eager fingers. Sick Boy pulls the basket away n Ah'm almost fall in his lap before Ah straighten. He looks at us fir the first time since Sean came oan wi an absurd air. \"Whit? Naw.\" \"Whit dae ye mean 'naw'?\" Ah gap. \"Ah gave ye ma fish!\" He scoffs at us. \"Yeah but ye daenae nosh fish, Mark. Ah wis daeing ye a favour, nae letting it go tae waste. Now,\" he goes oan tae reason, holding up a short, fat chip between the tips ay his pointer n middle fingers like it's a fag; ma eyes tracking it hungrily, \"If Ah didnae eat chips then Ah would gladly give 'em tae ye fair n square, Rents—but seeing as Ah daenae, sae Ah shall no.\" He concludes wi a satisfied smirk dancing across his wide lips. Ah daenae listen, Ah am determined. Ma hand twitches n he takes up the defensive posture over the basket, but it's a fake oot n Ah lunge firward wi ma maw open n take the chip he's bin wagging teasingly aboot n his fingers in ma mouth. Simon's completely still, staring at us as Ah push ma tongue between his digits n scoop the chip up. His hold oan the news paper slackens n chips spill oantae his lap. Ah sit back n swallow in satisfaction. Wen Ah look over at him, his eyes ur dark wi pupil, his lips parted invitingly but Ah ignore it, licking ma oan n watching his flicker tae ma mouth. \"Nae gaunny eat those?\" Ah ask innocently n wen he doesnae answer immediately Ah just start tae eat the chips ootay his lap n turn ma attention back tae the box. This time, Simon's lamps ur fixed oan us instead ay Sean n Ah'm appropriately smug aboot it. One-nil, us v. Sean Connery. f - TRAINSPOTTING - ","Summary":" Summary: Simon is being selfish as usual; Mark only thinks it's right that he shares n gives him a "},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"I'm Sorry","Author":"hen3ry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3553175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He can't really remember the firstrntime. Because he was off his face, and he probably couldn't haverntold you what year it was if you asked him. But he can remember lyingrnon Swanney's floor, and suddenly he felt a weight on top of him,rnand when he opened his eyes he could just about make out Sick boy,rnstraddling him. And then Sick boy's lips pressed against his, andrnSick boy's hands running over his body. And he can't reallyrnremember much after that, but he remembers waking up with the otherrnman curled around him. Rentonrnhated himself for it, but he was still awake. He was still awake, andrnhe was sober, and he was standing in Swanney's flat, pacing backrnand forth across the carpet. If you could even call it a carpet. Hernshould have gone home. No, he should have gone out. He should havernleft him in the club, and gone somewhere else, and picked someone up.rnPicked someone up, shagged them in the back seat of a car, and thenrngone home. But instead, he's in Swanney's flat, pacing back andrnforth, on his fourteenth straight smoke, and hating himself. The second time he can remember. Herncan remember every detail of it. From the feel of Sick boy's lipsrnagainst his, and the press of his body against his. And Sick boy'srnhands running over his body, and as he pulled his tee shirt over hisrnhead, and slowly bit his way down his torso, until Renton's kneesrngave way, and he fell to the floor, and then Sick boy was straddlingrnhim again. And Renton didn't know where this had come from, but herndidn't object either, and as Sick boy slid his hands under hisrnwaistband, Renton's back arched, and he concentrated on rememberingrnevery detail. It wasrnthree hours before he walked in. It took him three tries to open therndoor, and he stumbled in, taking barely four steps before he fell tornhis knees. Fucked off his face. X and vodka, from the look of it, andrnat this, if possible, Renton felt himself getting angrier. On allrnfours, Sick boy pulled himself into the room, bumping his head offrnRents' knees. \"Alright,rnRents?\" He pulled himself so he sat on his heels. For arnmoment, Renton just stood, looking down at the other man. Debatingrnwith himself whether it was worth it. Because just from his eyes herncould see the other man was too far gone to even notice what he wasrnsaying. He stood there, torn between staying and fighting, and goingrnhome and stewing over it overnight. By the time he decided, Sick boyrnwas lying stretched out on the floor, eyes closed, dead to the world.rnRenton slammed out the door. And it kept happening like that.rnOriginally just when they were both high, but as time went on, itrnstopped being just a drug thing. But it wasn't a 'relationship'.rnFuck no, nothing like that. Until it became a constant thing. Itrnbecame so that he expected him to be there, and he expected himselfrnto be there to. But nobody else knew. Or at least he told himselfrnthat. Told himself that nobody else noticed how the two of them werernshooting up in private now. When really everyone but Spud knew. ButrnSpud wouldn't know what shoes were most of the time. It wasn'trnuntil they were all at the flat, and completely sober, and Sick boyrnleaned, and kissed him in front of everyone that he had to admitrnsomething was going on. That was three months ago. The nextrnmorning, he hammered on the door, keeping it up until Swanney pulledrnthe door over and yanked him inside. \"Whatrnthe fuck in going on Rents?\" \"Is hernhere?\" \"Who?rnSick boy? Yeah, he's in back.\" Swanney jerked a finger in therndirection of the bedroom. \"Had a bit of a time getting him into thernbed though. Where the fuck did you get off to last night? One minuternyou were there and the next gone. D'ya feel sick or something?\" \"Yeah,rnsomething like that.\" \"Well,rnhe's in back. Though from the state of him last night, I'm notrnsure if it's worth your while going back there for a bit.\" \"I canrnwait.\" \"Yournwant a hit?\" \"No. Notrnyet.\" By therntime Sick boy woke up, Swanney had absented himself from the flatrnwith a mumble about 'supplies'. He wandered into the living room,rnblinking sleep from his eyes, and barely noticing Renton on therncouch. But Renton had spent the last six hours going over hisrnargument in his head, and barely gave Sick boy time to sit downrnbefore he was off. \"Whatrnthe fuck happened last night?\" He pulledrnthe other man to his feet, but pushed him back down before he wasrnable to answer. \"I mean,rnit's fine, and I go away for five minutes. No, not even fivernminutes. Two minutes. And when I come back, you've got your armrnaround someone.\" Sick boyrntried to react, but Renton was in full flow. \"I mean,rnit's not just that I was barely gone. And it's not that you'drnalready got your arm around them. But fucking Robbie Blair! I mean,rnfor fuck's sake. And it's not just that he's fucked half ofrnbleeding Scotland. But he deals the worst shit in Edinburgh. And Irncould see the X. And I always thought you had more sense then that.rnAnd I almost went up to you, and I would have punched him across therntable, but you leaned in and kissed him, and I just couldn't…rnFucking hell!\" Rentonrnstopped to take a breath, looked at the man on the couch, hoping he'drnjump in, try and explain. But Sick boy just sat there, slightlyrndazed. \"I mean,rndon't you even want to try and explain yourself? You were talkingrnabout James Bond and he demanded an explanation? He saw the cops andrnasked if he could hide his stash an your mouth? Nothing?\" Rentonrnkept pacing back and forth, stabbing the air with his cigarette atrnthe end of every sentence. At every turn, he glared at Sick boy,rnsitting sprawled out on the couch. For a few minutes, they stayedrnlike that, Renton jittery, pacing up and down the room, Sick boyrncalmer, lying dazed on the couch. Eventually he pulled himself to hisrnfeet, and opened his mouth to speak. \"Look,rnRenton. It's just…\" \"Shutrnup.\" Renton pushed him back on to the couch. \"Rents,\"rnSick boy pulled himself up again. \"I really don't know whatrnhappened. It was just a thing, and it was just, the club, and therndrugs, and, just, it, just sort of, happened.\" He took arnstep forward, placing his hand on Renton's chest. \"It wasrnnothing, really, nothing, and it just…\" He trailedrnoff, and leaned in to kiss Renton, who dodges out of the way. \"It'srnnot nothing. For fuck's sake. You've probably got something now,rnI mean, Robbie Blair, god knows.\" \"Rents,rndon't be a bastard.\" He pushed his hand up again, tracingrnRenton's chin with his fingers. He leaned on again, just brushingrnRenton's skin with his lips before Renton pulled sharply back,rnshoving his hand away with such force that Sick boy hit the ground. \"Fuckrnoff Simon. You do this every time. I wouldn't mind, but you'rernjust such a cunt about everything. Just fuck off.\" Rentonrnturned to leave, but Sick boy, on his feet again, reached out to grabrnhis arm. Renton spun around, his hand catching the side of his face,rnsending him in to the wall. \"Justrnfuck off.\" It'srnbeen a week, and he's been trying to figure out what to do. Tryingrnto figure out a way to talk to him without losing face. Because, asrnmuch as he doesn't want to admit it, he misses him. And it'srnreally fucking annoying, because he can't think of a single reasonrnwhy. And he's sitting in the diner, and he's still trying tornfigure out what he can say, when Sick Boy slides into the boothrnacross from him. He must be staring, because Sick boy doesn't meetrnhis eyes for a few seconds. But when he does, he looks right at him,rnand Renton feels his breath catch. \"I'mrnsorry.\" Rentonrnblinked across the table. \"I'mrnsorry.\" And his eyes say he means it. And it'srnnot much, but from Simon it's a big deal. Renton didn't even knowrnhe knew the words. \"And Irndidn't shag him.\" \"Eh?\" \"RobbiernBlair. I didn't shag him.\" AndrnRenton's not sure if he believes him. But he's sorry, and forrnnow, that's all he needs. ","Summary":" He can't really remember the firstrntime. Because he was off his face, and he probably couldn't hav"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Training Day: The Turn","Author":"jbates760","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11872431","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Training Day: The Turn Damn I'm nervous. When it's your first day on the force it's expected of you to have butterflies, but today's my first day in narcotics and I'm well aware it's a different ball game. After a few years in patrol, a stint in robbery investigation, and my last couple of years in homicide, I'm finally getting my shot to go where the big dogs play, narcotics. I was told to meet in front of Riley's Donut Shop. I've been standing out here for 45 goddamn minutes and still nothing, but I guess this is to be expected when you're the \"FNG\", or in other words \"The Fucking New Guy\". Still, my nerves are heavy and part of me wishes this guy never shows. Is this him? A black Buick comes to a creep in front of me and rolls down the window. \"Are you Alonzo?\" the man shouts. \"Yeah.\" \"Then get the fuck in.\" I jump into the passenger seat while pushing empty beer cans and cigarette cartons with my feet. Sitting next to Detective Charles Harper and his notorious gray mustache, my heart begins to pound. \"It's about damn time they send me a dark blue. These streets aren't getting any lighter as I'm sure you know.\" In the police force, everyone is a blue, doesn't matter what the color of your skin is. But, if you're black like myself, you're referred to as a \"dark blue\". \"So, Alonzo, what is it you want to do here?\" \"Sir?\" \"What, are you stupid boy? Why did you request my division?\" asked Harper irritated tone. The intense aroma of cigarettes and whiskey from him almost threw me off guard. I briefly pondered how a man like this can be so respected within our department? \"Take out the garbage. Clean up these streets I grew up on. Right wrongs where needed.\" I said boldly. \"Right wrongs? Okay. Well you know, this isn't your everyday easy-going patrol ride? When you're with me, we're making moves. Maybe some of the things you see me do, you're not going to agree with. Keep in mind, I've been around awhile. Listen to what I say, do what I tell, and we'll both go home living easy at the end of the night.\" \"I can do that.\" \"Alright, so you're here to right wrongs, but at what cost?\" \"I'm not sure what you're getting at Sir\" \"We're different here in Narcotics. The division has been under a lot of heat these last couple of years because we don't follow procedure. Well, it's not that we don't play by the rules, we just tend to play by our own. This is a game of chess, not checkers. Once you realize this, you'll make yourself a fine Narco detective.\" Det. Harper signals for silence and mumbles into his radio. After a brief moment, he looks at me with his dark bloodshot eyes. \"We're going to South Crenshaw\" \"The Jungle?\" I asked surprisingly. \"Good, you're aware\" \"Unfortunately all too well. That's where I grew up Sir\" \"Just call me Harp. But you're one of the lucky ones then. Not a lot of people make it out.\" He was right. Growing up there I was fortunate enough to have an older brother who always looked out for me. I never met my father and between the drugs and numerous men, my mother was hardly around. My brother sold drugs to keep food on the table, and he taught me how to work in the jungle. Personally, I have never sold dope or ran with a crew. He always made sure that I kept my nose clean and stayed in school. Sure, life was hard, but his reputation kept me safe. Sadly, an unknown gang member killed my brother shortly after I graduated school. But they say that's the price his lifestyle comes with. His death is also the reason I became a cop. We drive to a gas station right outside of my old neighborhood. Waiting, there are a few other detectives, some of which look familiar. \"Who's the FNG?\" asks one detective of me. \"Alonzo. He's riding with me and just so happens to be from this neighborhood. Alright, are you gents ready? New guy, stick behind us and take notes.\" Det. Harper replied. As if my nerves weren't high already, the thought of my first drug raid has really put me on edge. We jump into our vehicles and head towards my old block. Suddenly, we come to a sudden halt and the detective's rush to the front door, battering it down. \"Police!\" one man screams. I wait a few moments for the commotion to settle to enter. I walk into the house and see a man around the same age as me cuffed on the ground. \"Fuck you pig!\" the man shouts at me. \"Shut up\" Det. Harper say's after kicking him in the stomach. The thug gasps for air and looks at me. \"Don't I know you?\" \"Doubt it.\" I reply. \"No, you're Little Pete's brother, I know you!\" My stomach dropped briefly. I should've known I would run into some of my brother's old associates. \"So I smoke him and his crooked ass brother of a cop comes to get me, isn't that some bullshit?\" A surge of emotions instantly run's through my body. None of this feels real. I stare at the man sitting on the floor and I feel as if I can't move. \"You two know each other?\" Det. Harper asks. Without thought, I find myself hovering over the man, striking him in the head. \"Who are you!\" I scream. Det. Harper pulls me off of him and drags me outside. My temper is flaring while I'm coming to a grasp with reality. \"What the fuck's going on?\" \"He killed my brother.\" I said trembling. Next Chapter Everything happened so fast. The man who killed my brother is now dead but I feel no remorse at all. \"Was it for the better? Probably.\" One of the detectives says with a large grin. \"Quick and likely painless.\" Detective Harper adds. \"Sometimes an eye for an eye isn't such a bad thing.\" What happened feels right. The man who was killed in front of me deserved what came to him and maybe more. After some thought, it hit me. I'm part of the game now and it was only a matter of time before I would have to get my hands dirty. \"Let's call investigations, write the report, and call it a day.\" Detective Harper says. After the body was removed, we jump into Harper's car for him to drop me off. \"Hell of a first day, isn't it?\" Harper asks. \"Damn right.\" I reply. \"How are you holding up?\" asks Harper with a concerned look. \"I came here to right wrongs, and we did just that.\" ","Summary":" Training Day: The Turn Damn I'm nervous. When it's your first day on the force it's expected of you"},{"Movie":"Trainspotting","Title":"Choose one more time","Author":"chooselifechoosejob","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9024336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hacía quince años que Renton, Sick Boy, Spud y Begbie no se habían vuelto a ver. Saliendo de una habitación de hotel, Renton corriendo por la Calle de los Príncipes y Spud viéndolo. ¿Que cómo se habían reencontrado? Lo mejor habría sido no preguntar eso, pensó Renton en cuanto recibió el mensaje de su madre. Mark Renton tuvo su etapa mala, claro que la tuvo, incluso después de la huída con el dinero, cuando tuvo que marcharse a un pueblo cerca de Crieff para refugiarse de lo que pudiera hacer Begbie cuando se enterara de la puñalada trapera que le había hecho. Había jurado venganza, y Renton sabía que Begbie no se andaba con chiquitas. Sus padres en un principio vieron mal lo de irse, pero su hijo siempre les había ignorado, así que no les iba a hacer caso, iba a hacer lo que quisiera. Ni siquiera se despidió de Diane, su querida Diane en persona. Le escribió una nota en la que simplemente ponía \"Fin del juego. – Renton\" y se fue al pueblo. Hasta que llegó el día D. Renton había pasado de vivir en el pueblo a irse a Londres, ya recuperado de su pasado como toxicómano y con una única adicción: el tabaco. Ni rastro de los pinchazos ni de más supositorios de opio, Mark Renton era un hombre nuevo que había llegado a trabajar con la policía para ayudarles con operaciones anti-droga, intentando controlar su tentación, que poco a poco era menor. Esa mañana no tenía nada que hacer, estaba en el sofá mirando el telenoticias, como un día cualquiera. - \" ¿Mark? ¿Marky?\" – preguntó la madre con un tono nervioso en cuanto Renton descolgó el teléfono móvil. - ¿Mamá? – respondió a la pregunta -. ¿Qué ocurre? No será por papá, ¿no? - \" No, no, Marky. No es eso. D-Diane...\" - ¿Diane? ¿Por qué me hablas de ella? ¿La conoces? – Mark estaba aturdido. ¿Para qué le llamaba su madre a hablarle sobre Diane? Después de aquella nota no la había vuelto a ver, aunque ésta había intentado contactar con Renton, su Renton múltiples veces. - \" Después de que tú te fueras, Diane vino aquí varias veces y me pidió que te diera varias cartas...\" – dijo en un suspiro, con un deje de arrepentimiento. Renton no sabía si regañar a su madre o dejarla acabar la noticia que tenía que darle. Optó por la segunda, él no era un tipo violento, o por lo menos sin estar bajo los efectos de las drogas, así que respondió con un: - Sí, bueno, ya... Diane. – murmuró, dándole pie a que prosiguiera. - \" Diane... Diane ha tenido un accidente de tráfico, Marky. Era por la noche y se salió de la carretera en una curva. Está muy grave.\" Diane. Accidente. Noche. Carretera. Grave. El cerebro de Mark Renton empezaba a asimilar esas cinco palabras, esas putas cinco palabras que lo iban a devolver de nuevo a aquella etapa, a acordarse de los chutes de heroína que se pegaba en el piso de Allison, en ese piso donde se encontró a Dawn muerta en la cuna. Esa imagen que le había aterrado y que, para qué negarlo, le había marcado de por vida. - \" ¿Marky? Por favor, dime que estás ahí... Dime que no has hecho ninguna de tus locuras.\" – al no oír la voz de su hijo, murmura a su marido -. \"T-tenías razón... No tendría que habérselo dicho. Mark quedó prendado de ella...\" - S-sí... Estoy aquí... – dijo algo confuso. Empezaba a tener ganas de volver a recaer en su adicción, de volver a inyectarse algo para hacerlo olvidar... Pero tenía que ir a ver a Diane -. Voy... Voy para allá. Colgó el teléfono, o, mejor dicho, lo tiró, haciéndolo añicos. Empezó a gritar como Begbie aquel famoso día en la habitación del hotel y a maldecir a todo el mundo. ¿No podría haberle caído un rayo al imbécil de Begbie? O a Sick Boy, pero de él ni siquiera sabía si seguía vivo. Cogió una pequeña maleta con unas pocas cosas y su iPod para escuchar algo. \"Stockholm Syndrome\" de MUSE resonaba en su cabeza y es que, parecía estar predeterminada. Iba a volver a la tierra de su raptora, que lo tuvo cautivo durante tanto tiempo. Aquella secuestradora tan común llamada droga.[Chapter 2] Diane. Accidente. Noche. Carretera. Grave. ¿Por qué a él? Había intentado llevar una buena vida y, por ahora, parecía que lo había conseguido, pero no, tenían que ir a donde más le dolía. Porque aunque ni la hubiera visto nunca más después de dejarle aquella nota, sabía que pese a que él no quisiera volver a verla para no perjudicarla, ella habría removido cielo, mar y tierra para reencontrarse con él. Y cuando su madre le contó las múltiples cartas que le había llevado, lo tuvo claro, quería volver a verla. Le daba igual que viniera Begbie a insultarle o amenazarle, lo haría por ella. \"Está bien, Mark, vamos a ir a casa y vamos a ver a Diane. Nada de acabar en ningún váter indigno ni supositorios de opio. ¿Está bien, Marky?\" , pensó mientras el reproductor iba alternando MUSE con Depeche Mode y Blur. No estaba bien, eso lo sabía todo el mundo, en pocos minutos había vuelto a meterse de lleno en la mierda de la que había llegado a salir en algún momento, o por lo menos, sacar la cabeza de ella. Cogió su coche, un Toyota algo destartalado y se fue rumbo a Edimburgo. Seis horas de trayecto, más o menos. Pero las haría por ella, por verla, por verla de nuevo y ver su cara de sorpresa al ver que Mark Renton, aquel que un día la acompañó al instituto algo avergonzado porque ella lo presentaba como su novio cuando la máxima preocupación de éste era llegar consciente a su casa de tanta droga que se había metido en el cuerpo. El GPS iba de pena, por lo que furioso, lo apagó (como había apagado su teléfono móvil, estampándolo contra una de las paredes del coche) y siguió por su cuenta. Si seguía sin parar, antes de las 7 estaría allí. Y así hizo. Al llegar a Edimburgo una sensación de nostalgia lo cubría todo. Aparcó el coche en un parking donde antes había habido una tienda de discos enorme a la cual iba a menudo con Sick Boy y aprovechó una parada a una cabina telefónica para preguntar por el hospital donde estaba Diane. Mamá… Soy Mark. Estoy ya aquí. N-no, no voy a pasar por casa… Aún. – dijo en un tono algo nervioso -. Bueno, ¡mamá! No voy a discutir ahora sobre eso. ¿En qué hospital dijiste que estaba Diane? – en realidad no le había dicho en ningún momento dónde estaba ingresada, pero los nervios iban a acabar con él -. ¿El Royal Edinburgh? ¿S-segura? D-de acuerdo, pues iré… Iré a verla. Y en ese momento colgó y se fue hasta el hospital andando, no había un gran trayecto de allí al hospital. Pero fue una de las peores decisiones que podría haber tomado. Detrás de él tenía a Sick Boy, el que en algún momento había sido su amigo. Lo vio en el espejo de un escaparate, no había cambiado demasiado, parecía incluso más sano que antes, pero con las partes visibles de su cuerpo tatuadas. \"Reza por que no te haya visto, Marky\" , se decía a sí mismo. Pero Sick Boy no olvidaba la cara del que en algún momento había sido su amigo, y le dio una palmada en la espalda para constatarlo. ¿Llegas a Edimburgo y ni siquiera saludas a tu mejor amigo? – dijo poniendo los brazos en jarras mientras reía -. O quizá no eres tú, vas tan bien vestido y tan bien peinado que cualquiera diría que eres Mark Ren… Cállate, por favor. – dijo Renton dejando un suspiro -. No he venido para recordar viejos tiempos ni nada. Además, pensaba que tú… ¿Que yo qué? Oh, bah, fue una simple escapatoria que tarde o temprano tomarías, la de irte de este agujero infernal. – se acercó aún más a él y lo siguió -. ¿A dónde se supone que vas? ¿No tienes tiempo para tus amigos? Mira, Sic… Simon. – había decidido renegar de su pasado y de aquellos estúpidos motes que se habían puesto -. No tengo tiempo para estupideces. He de ir al hospital y llego tarde. No estoy aquí por placer, créeme. Y ahora, si me disculpas, me voy. ¿Tú? ¿En un hospital? – empezó a reír -. Por favor, Renton… De acuerdo, puedes irte. Nos vemos otro día. Dame tu teléfono o… Ya nos veremos, si estoy aquí unos días estaré en casa de mis padres. De acuerdo, chaval. ¡Pásalo bien en el hospital! – dijo yéndose con una sonrisa. \" Tan gilipollas como siempre\" , pensó Mark. A los pocos minutos había llegado hasta el hospital donde se encontraba Diane. Preguntó la habitación, la 527 y al llegar allí se encontró con los padres de Diane, en la puerta, intentando animarse con las noticias del médico que estaba de espaldas a él. Puede salir de esta. Además, no ha caído en el coma. – murmuraba el doctor. Al momento el doctor se marchó, dejando solos a los padres de Diane custodiando la puerta. La oportunidad de oro para Mark Renton, la iría a ver y quedaría como el héroe de la película. Pero lamentablemente, el padre de Diane no pensaba lo mismo. No sabía qué decirles, quizá un \"hola, soy Mark, el ex-drogadicto que estuvo con vuestra hija cuando tenía 15 años y le destrocé la vida, encantado de volverles a ver.\" Pero su cerebro no reaccionaba, así que simplemente le dio la mano al padre. ¿Y tú quién eres? –preguntó el hombre desconfiado. Por favor, Peter, sé amable… - respondió la mujer cabizbaja -. Discúlpalo… ¿Vienes por Diane? ¿Y qué iba a decir en ese momento Renton si ni siquiera sabía si ellos se acordaban de él? Las dudas volvían a asaltarle la cabeza. ","Summary":" Hacía quince años que Renton, Sick Boy, Spud y Begbie no se habían vuelto a ver. Saliendo de una ha"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Now You're a Family","Author":"Pink Phoenix Potter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11035261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summer had been around Cindy's age when she'd started developing powers. Marsha (because she was Marsha now, not Dr. Holloway) said that Summer had been a late bloomer. Though it was hard to determine late when you were comparing only ten people, wasn't it? But everyone else agreed. Cindy said she'd been lifting her bed when she'd been four, Tucker had expanded his ass when he'd be three, and Dylan had just simply been disappearing as long as he could remember. Summer didn't really mind. It gave her two extra years. Some days she could fool herself and say that if they were willing to give her up based on something stupid like powers then she didn't want to associate with them anyway. Some days she could just ignore the burning scar that would never truly heal. And then some days she remembered it had been her fault. Of course, any control she'd had back then had been shit, not to mention she hadn't quite understood what infidelity meant in a marriage. So it hadn't exactly been her fault that she'd held her father's hand and happily informed her mother that he'd been sleeping with that pretty lady from HR. So when they'd both run off with various new partners and Summer in her cargo pants and silver chain had been dropped off at the police station with papers saying that they \"terminated their parental rights\", it really hadn't been any surprise. Nope. Several foster homes later, she was here. In a place that wasn't even a house, yet was the closest thing to a home she had. Three months after they'd saved Jack's brother, it was falling apart. The team had enough control that they no longer had to sleep here at night and go to school here during the day. Tuck wasn't going to blow up his ass whenever he got called fat. Dylan wasn't going to turn invisible by accident. And while Cin had always had decent enough control on her strength, they were confident that she wasn't going to get angry and throw, say, a car at an old lady walking around with her poodle. They had homes to go back to. Dylan's parents were dead but his grandparents weren't. Cin's parents loved her despite her strength, unlike Summer's. And Tuck's dad was just as sweet as Tuck was. They all got to visit their families once a week for two or three hours, and Summer would go to the training room and pretend it didn't bother her. That's where she was now. The large stage with the long glass viewing dome. No one was in the room above right now. Everyone knew she came here every week, though even Dylan hadn't asked why. Everyone had danced around the topic. But they knew. Someone had even set up a punching bag and put a re-breakable board on the blocks. Good. Today was one of her angry days. She didn't even grab the gloves or wrap her hands before she threw the first punch. Smack. The punching bag moved a few inches before returning. Summer was not Cindy. They had to reinforce the chains when it was Cindy doing the punching. She jumped back and forth a few times to quiet the sting. Without thinking she hit it again. Smack. Stupid parents. Smack. Stupid people who always left. Smack. Stupid broken girls who already know how shattered they were. Smack. Smack. Kick. She punched and kicked so many times she didn't know where the punching bag began and she stopped. The barrage didn't stop. Her emotions didn't quiet. Living with everyone else's emotions in her head didn't make her any better at working through her own. It seemed like hours, yet only moments. But her legs couldn't take it anymore. All of a sudden she dropped to the ground, unbidden tears pouring down her cheeks. Fuck this. Fuck this. But she couldn't seem to stop. Summer didn't break down in public. Summer didn't break down period. Life had taught her to be strong. But she was losing her family for the second time and she just lost it. She curled into a ball by the punching bag, letting the tears run in the crack between her legs to the cement floor. Warmth suddenly blossomed across her chest, in a similar manner to what had defined her normal since she had been small. But unlike the other times, warmth in her stomach responded instantly to the feeling, connecting toward it in a way that filled her torso with something like liquid fire. It was calming in a way. Soothing. She didn't even turn. \"Where are your grandparents, Dylan?\" She'd long ago figured out that different people had different...she supposed the best descriptor was a \"tag\", something... inside the emotion that revealed it's origin. Once she had figured out that, identifying people without looking had been a snap. Dylan felt like a campfire- like being part of a family roasting marshmellows, goey goodness melting across her tongue and smoke blowing in her face. He felt like love. He felt like home. But there was also a restrained current to him to- as if one wrong wind change could cause a forest fire. As he walked closer to her, the feeling grew stronger. She felt his hand wrap around her wrist, the site buzzing as if she was touching live wire. \"You're bleeding.\" Was she? She hadn't even noticed. But it made sense. She hadn't wrapped her hands. She looked up from her self-pity to find torn skin, tiny drops of blood dripping onto the cement beside her tears. \"Where are your grandparents?\" she repeated in a monotone. He shook his head. \"In the visiting room. I Saw you and came running.\" Mind-sight. She'd almost forgotten. It was both annoying and a wonderful gift in the same hand. \"Cin and Tuck?\" \"I told them to stay.\" he said. She nodded. She would've done the same thing, had the situations been reversed. Though the parents of the team were definitely Marsha and Jack, the two eldest kids were quite protective of their two younger teammates. They got to see their parents so little. Of course, Dylan didn't get to see his grandparents often, either. \"You should go.\" She said. \"I'm fine.\" He ignored her and moved closer, moving his arm around her shoulders. Unconsciously, she leaned in closer, and then cursed herself. \"You've been pulling away from us.\" he said. \"Tuck's worried and Cin's been practically in tears with how you've been snapping at her all week. I'm pretty sure Marsha's about to drag you to her office and tie you down until you spill. What's up with you?\" She looked like stone. She certainly felt like it. \"Nothing. Go back to your family.\" Concern. Sensing that from a person always sucked. Everyone was always so concerned. \"I don't have to be an empath to see that it's not nothing.\" \"You have a week before you go home. Don't you want to see them one last time?\" Again her words were blunt and clipped. A lightbulb shattered in her chest and something snapped. The same something sparked in Dylan's eyes. \"Is that what this is about? Us leaving?\" \"It's about nothing.\" She rolled away in anger, showing him her back as she stood up again. He grabbed her shoulder. \"Summer, stop. Please, stop. Look at me.\" This time she did listen to him. She turned around, responding to something like a beg coming from out of his mouth. He shook his head. \"You told me two months ago that you didn't want to talk about forever, so I won't.\" Two months. Three months since they had met. It seemed like an extraordinarily short amount of time for what they had. But then, they had created a family in about a week and a half. Summer wouldn't have ever believed it, had she not lived it. He pulled his communicator, newly issued, out of his pocket; he held the one she had attached to her belt loop with his other hand. \"But these? These are promises. No matter where we go, what we do, where we end up, we're a team. No, we're a family. That doesn't change even if we're not sleeping in the center together anymore. Cin, Tuck, me...we'll still be around. We still have training. Even if we didn't, you're still ours. Without you, someone's missing. We're not going to disappear.\" He dropped her communicator, moving his hand to the pendant around her neck. \"And this promise is from me and me alone. You're my best friend, my fiercest rival and the strongest girl I've ever known. And yes; that includes Princess.\" Summer had to crack a smile at that one. \"I can't imagine my life without you in it. So I won't. I'm not leaving anytime soon.\" Something inside of her broke, and those damn tears started up in her eyes again. \"Dylan...\" \"No. Stop. Don't let your mind go there. If that ever happens, I want you to call me immediately on the communicator, and we'll laugh and talk and you'll remember that this isn't the end of this...any of it.\" \"It's only supposed to be used for official communications.\" She pointed out. \"This is an official communication. An important one, in my opinion.\" He kissed her on the top of her head. \"You'll see, Wonder. It's all going to be fine.\" She sighed. \"I don't believe in fairy tale endings.\" \"Just because this is real life doesn't mean everything comes with a price.\" He wrapped his arms around hers, and after a moment she relaxed into his embrace. The matter was not settled, not resolved- but tabled. She didn't sense any duplicity from him. 'Faith', however, was not a concept she believed in, either. He moved out of the hug and grabbed her hand in his own. \"My grandparents want to meet you.\" That stunned her, and she almost pulled away. \"What?\" Her face was ashen. It was only then that he seemed to realize what she would've thought. \"They're curious, that's all. And they don't care about your powers. Trust me. They'll think you're great.\" She didn't believe him. Her lips curled inwards. He sighed. \"My grandmother brought this.\" He pulled it out of his pocket, a small object in his palm. A black box. He pressed it gently into Summer's hand. \"Trust me. They already love you.\" Her focus turned to the box. A moment later, the lid shuddered open. And inside was a bracelet. A silver bracelet studded with white stones, the intitles \"SJ\" written in dark blue stones. Her heart clenched. Being near it, she could feel the emotions that had sunk into the metal. The care that had gone into picking out just the right bracelet, the multiple questions about Summer's favorite stones, last name. The thought, standing out above the din, that they had done the same thing for Dylan's mother, all those years ago. \"I can't accept this.\" It was far too expensive a gift, especially for a girl they could potentially not like. He smiled. \"It's family tradition.\" he said, a flush appearing up his neck, confirming her perception. \"Look, you don't have to meet them if you're uncomfortable. But...you're important to me. They'll think you're wonderful. I swear.\" He leaned in closer. \"And if they don't, which isn't going to happen, it's not going to change a thing. I'm still not going anywhere.\" She stopped a moment. Curled her lips. Felt how important this was to him; his hope, his excitement. \"Ok.\" Author's Note: So thanks for reading the first chapter of NYAF! Please let me know what you think down in the little review box- or if you have any suggestions of things you want to see, ideas, thoughts- I may not include the suggestions, but I treasure reviews...as well all do on this here site. As a quick notice on timeline, this fanfiction: - Completely ignores the last montage of the movie (anything after three months later, ignore) - Assumes that the movie occurs thirteen years after the destruction of the original team, which occurred when Jack was seventeen. So, Jack is thirty, Connor is technically thirty-three (in a seventeen year old body) and Marsha is twenty-five. The kids are all still the same age as they were in the film itself. - Assumes established pairings of Jack/Marsha and Dylan/Summer (obviously...). All mistakes are my own. Thank you all! ","Summary":" Summer had been around Cindy's age when she'd started developing powers. Marsha (because she was Ma"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"I understand","Author":"MoonJay2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10244082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I let a sigh escape my mouth, my eyes drooping but my mind wide awake. Fear clenched at my heart. I leaned my head backwards against the cold metal, my eyes sweeping over the familiar wall with the Zenith names. The names of the people I killed. A lone tear rolled down my cheek, memories flashing through my mind of their broken bodies piled by my feet, Jackie staring at me in anguish, Jackie sealing me in another dimension. Me trying to kill him. \"I'm just weak,\" I whispered. \"No you're not.\" I scrambled to my feet and spun around to face the fiery haired girl. \"Summer,\" I breathed. \"Connor, you're not weak,\" she said, stepping closer to me. I shuffled backwards, ignoring the hurt that flashed across her face for a second. I looked over at her, my eyes taking in her every detail. \"You're not weak,\" she repeated. \"Yes I am, I let the Gamma 13 take over me and I killed my team, and I almost killed my little brother,\" I cried. \"He isn't so little anymore,\" she gave me a small smile. \"I know,\" I whispered, slumping against the wall behind me. \"It's not your fault Connor,\" Summer stepped closer to me. \"I could hurt you,\" I said softly. \"But you won't, you're not effected by the Gamma 13 anymore,\" Summer argued. \"Summer,\" I choked. \"Connor,\" she smiled. She kept walking until we were face to face, with only a few inches between us. \"You're not a monster, no matter how you think of yourself. Remember that you're not, we're a family. And families help each other,\" she lay a hand on my shoulder. \"I don't belong, I killed all of the first Zenith team,\" I clenched my eyes shut. \"Maybe, but it wasn't your fault.\" \"Yes it was! I should have stopped myself!\" I screamed. Summer took a step back in surprise. \"I should have stopped! I could've stopped hurting them! I nearly killed Jackie! My own flesh and blood! I'm a monster Summer!\" I yelled. Summer's eyes widened as she took a step back. \"I'm still dangerous Summer, the Gamma 13 may have been reversed but I can still feel it sometimes,\" I said darkly, moving closer to her. She stumbled back into the wall, and I moved closer to her, pressing her into the wall. \"You don't, you just think you do. You trick yourself into thinking that you feel it inside you, but thats you trying to hide the fact that you're drowning in guilt,\" Summer whispered. I leaned forward until my face was buried in her neck. \"You hide that you're drowning in guilt because you believe you deserve it, you believe everything that happened is your fault when it's not and you know that, you just hate yourself for killing them.\" \"I can't do this Summer,\" I whimpered, pressing myself closer to her. \"Yes you can. You have Jack, Dylan, Tucker, Cindy, Mr Pibb, Miss Holloway and me here for you,\" she wrapped her arms around me. \"But I can't even face Jackie without seeing his face when I killed them, the horror, disgust and heartbreak all so clearly shown to me,\" my voice shook. \"He was disgusted at what they had done to you in an attempt to make you stronger, he was heartbroken this happened to you, he was horrified what the Gamma 13 made you do, he was never disgusted with you,\" Summer soothed, running a hand through my hair. \"Whenever I close my eyes all I can see is their bodies, lying broken and limp at my feet,\" I cried. \"It wasn't you, it was the Gamma 13 Connor, stop blaming yourself!\" Summer begged. \"I can't! I can't stop blaming myself cause it is my fault!\" I screamed, stepping away from her. \"It's not though! We all know that!\" She screamed back. \"General Laraby obviously doesn't,\" I said bitterly. \"Yes he tried to arrest you for the killing of the old Zenith team, but he stopped when he realised it really wasn't your fault, it was his for giving you the Gamma 13,\" Summer glared at me. I shook my head in disbelief. \"Listen to me Connor, you're not a monster,\" Summer grabbed my hands in her small ones and pulled me back against her. \"You're no monster,\" she breathed. My eyes flickered down to her lips, then back up to hers, asking permission. She gave a slight nod and I moved my hands to either side of her head against the wall, leaning in closer to her until my entire body was pressed against her. Summer rolled her eyes as I slowly moved forward, afraid of hurting her, and brought her hand behind my head and slammed my lips to hers. My eyes widened then slipped closed of their own accord as I moved my lips against hers. My hands moved to her hips, one to the back of her head to crush her lips harder against mine. I broke the kiss and we stood there panting. \"Summer I...\" I trailed off brokenly. \"It's okay Connor, I know. I love you too,\" she smiled gently at me. A smile found it's way onto my lips as I gave her one more chaste kiss before moving away and holding my hand out for her. \"Summer, Wonder of the new Zenith team. Will you do me the honours of being my girlfriend?\" I grinned. \"Yes,\" she grinned back, slipping her hand into mine. \"Now c'mon, I know you've been having trouble sleeping, so you need as much sleep as possible,\" she said, leading me away. \"As long as I have you, I don't care what we do,\" I whispered. \"Good morning big brother,\" Jackie grinned at me from across the table. \"Morning,\" I smiled back. Everybody looked at me in surprise before quickly turning away. \"I still can't believe you and Summer broke up,\" I heard Tucker mumble. \"It's for the best, neither of us like each other like that anymore. Besides, that was two weeks ago and she's in love with someone else,\" Dylan replied. \"How do you know?\" Cindy asked loudly. Both of them shushed her. \"Because we're best friends now, and she told me,\" he explained. A smile spread across my face at the thought of my fiery haired girlfriend. \"Morning everyone,\" Summer's voice cheerfully greeted. \"Morning.\" \"Hey babe,\" she smiled, sitting beside me and kissing my cheek. \"Hey baby,\" I grinned, pressing my lips against hers. She laughed softly and pulled out of the kiss, turning to the rest of the tables occupants. \"We got together last night,\" she explained to their wondering looks. \"Haha! I knew it!\" Jackie cheered, fist bumping the air. \"I always knew my brother was a little odd,\" I mumbled into Summer's ear. She laughed and grabbed my hand with hers, twining our fingers together and resting her head against my shoulder. \"You need to eat,\" I frowned at her. \"I'm not hungry though,\" I argued. She glared at me. \"Okay,\" I mumbled. I leaned over and stole a piece of Jackie's french toast. \"Hey!\" He look indignantly at me. \"What? You have like seven pieces there,\" I shrugged taking a bite. \"That's cause I was waiting for you to take up our breakfast routine again,\" he informed me. \"Well, you can expect it everyday now,\" I grinned. \"What breakfast routine?\" Cindy looked between us. \"I would steal three of his french toast and he would eat three and we would split the last one in half, every morning he would have breakfast on his plate,\" I smiled softly. \"Awww,\" Summer cooed, squeezing my hand. I nuzzled my face into her hair. \"So have you guys admitted you love each other yet?\" \"Oh hey Marsha,\" I grinned. She looked taken aback but returned my grin with a smile of her own and sat beside Jackie opposite Summer. \"Yeah, last night,\" Summer smiled, lifting our joint hands onto the table. \"Finally!\" She cried. \"Hey wait, that means I win the bet,\" Jackie's eyes lit up. \"What?!\" Summer and I yelled. \"Hey! I won too!\" Dylan called. \"Looks like the three of you are our slaves for three days,\" Jackie teased. \"You bet on our love lives?\" I raised an eyebrow. Jackie immediately was out of his seat and speeding down the hall. \"You better run little brother cause when I get my hands on you you're dead meat!\" ","Summary":" I let a sigh escape my mouth, my eyes drooping but my mind wide awake. Fear clenched at my heart. I"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Someday","Author":"MoonJay2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10243785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The halls were pitch black, the only source of light from the soft light of his small flashlight. He wandered through the never ending grey corridors, chasing the sleep that evaded him. Connor let out a sigh, there was no hope. He had to face it, his past wouldn't let him sleep, and never would. He continued until he reached the electric panel that opened up into a secret corridor he and Jackie had discovered a week after their arrival at Area 52. He pushed through and wandered over to a wall, sliding his light over the familiar names of his team mates. \"Please Connor!\" \"Stop this!\" \"No!\" Their bodies lying in a pile of broken limbs before him, his eyes neon red and his lips lifted into a sick smile. Jackie started running in a circle around him, then closed it off. He fell through dimension after dimension until he landed in a barren land. No life, nothing. He screamed in anger, then sent shockwave after shockwave in front of him. A crack formed in the air, and a grin formed on his lips. He could break through and take revenge. He could kill Jackie. \"No!\" Connor screamed, collapsing to the ground. \"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry,\" he sobbed, tears running like a waterfall down his face. He pulled his knees up to his chest and started rocking back and forth on the floor, sobs and cries filling the quiet room. \"Connor?\" He automatically quieted and crawled under some large metal columns that hid him from anyone's view. \"Connor?\" Jackie's voice softly entered Connor's ears. \"Go away,\" Connor said shakily. \"No, I won't leave you alone when you need me most,\" Jackie argued. \"Just leave me alone!\" Connor screamed, hot tears sliding down his face. \"No!\" Jackie said stubbornly. \"Please,\" Connor sobbed. All of a sudden a pair of legs came into Connor's view, and kneeled down until Jack could see Connor clearly. \"Come here,\" Jack smiled sadly, holding his arms out. Connor shook his head wildly. \"C'mon Connor, you need to stop beating yourself up for it. You're not to blame for all that, General Laraby and Dr Grant are the ones who gave you the Gamma 13, so if it is anyones fault it's theirs, but it's also mine. I should have listened to you when you tried to tell me,\" Jack frowned. \"But I killed them!\" Connor screamed. Jack reached into the small little cave of metal and wrapped his arms around Connor's smaller frame, tuggin him out of his small hole. Connor struggled against his brothers arms, pushing and kicking out, but making sure to never hurt Jackie. Eventually, he gave up and lay limp and Jack dragged him out of the small hole and onto his lap. He cradled Connor in his arms, running his hand through his hair and whispering comforting words into his ear. Connor whimpered and pressed his face into Jackie's neck, tears pouring down his cheeks as his body shook in Jackie's arms. \"You'll be okay Connor, I promise,\" Jack whispered. \"I'm sorry,\" Connor moaned, sobs tearing out of his throat. \"You have nothing to be sorry for, it wasn't your fault,\" Jackie said firmly. Connor just kept crying, curled up in his brothers arms. Ten minutes later, his sobs subsided and his body no longer shook. \"Are you okay now?\" Jack pulled Connor's face from his neck and held his face in his hands, looking him in the eyes. \"No,\" Connor mumbled, looking down. \"You will be though, you're my brother and I'm going to do whatever it takes to help you feel better,\" Jackie murmured. Connor gave his younger brother a watery smile. \"Don't worry Connor, you'll be okay again.\" Connor snuggled his face into his brothers neck, a smile for the first time since he was reunited with Jackie and met the new Zenith Team. He would be okay, someday. ","Summary":" The halls were pitch black, the only source of light from the soft light of his small flashlight. H"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Pray","Author":"randomarab","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8721018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pray \"I'm not going to private school\" said Chris Jr. to his mother. \"Yes you are Chris\" said his mother Linda, sharply. \"I'm not gonna drop everything and go to a private school\" he said. \"You know what,\" said Linda \"I'm done with this. Talk to your father about it.\" Chris went to his father. \"Dad, I'm not going to private school.\" \"Yeah you are\" said Chris, his father. \"You can't even afford it! You've been laid off for like, a year. And mom doesn't even work. Were poor. Worse than poor! We have no money whatsoever!\" said Chris. His dad was silent. He looked like an angry gorilla that was ready to kill. \"Go to your room, now!\" screamed his dad. Chris walked slowly, dragging his feet to his room. Chris jumped onto his bed. He laid his head onto his soft, blue pillow. He was ready to cry. Tears formed and slowly began to drip onto his pillow, one by one. He couldn't drop everything and leave his friends. He couldn't handle the fact that his parents were ready to split up. he couldn't even think about going to some private school where he wouldn't know anyone and actually have to work. Nothing was going right. Nothing could fix what was going on. Chris went to school the next day. He was talking with his friends and they were all really pissed that Chris was leaving them. They tried to comfort him, but even his closest friends couldn't help him. \"You'll be fine. We'll still keep in touch!\" was all he heard that day. Keep in touch? he thought. Just like how I was gonna \"keep in touch\" with my kindergarten friends I left before going to first grade, right? Chris ran home, did his homework and went to his parents. The only people that could change the whole situation and make everything alright. \"I'm begging you! Please don't make me go!\" pleaded Chris. \"No!\" said his parents repeatedly. \"You're going, and that's final\" said Linda. \"Fine. I'm done with all of this. I don't wanna hear you or see you two ever again!\" cried Chris. He, again, ran to his room. He thought, and thought, and drew a blank. There was nothing that was going to save him. Chris's father interrupted his thoughts. \"It's time to pray Chris.\" Something clicked in Chris's head. Chris has been neglecting something for so long. He's been pushing it away from him. He wanted to live \"normally\". He didn't want to be burdened by anything. Chris was neglecting his religion. He couldn't even remember the last time he prayed. He decided to turn to his religion. All of a sudden, everything he had forgotten about had come back to him. He forgot that his religion was the key to fixing everything. When you're having a bad day, turn to your faith. When you want things to get better again, have hope. He forgot all of it; however, at that moment, it all came back to him. So, Chris prayed. Chris felt a sense of calmness he hadn't felt it so long. Tears fell from Chris's plum cheek to the floor, like baby rain drops falling from the dark night's sky. He cried from the amazing feeling he felt within himself. He cried because he knew God was there for him, and was watching him that very moment. From that point on, everything was just different. Months and months after praying, everything was just as Chris wanted it to be. He still ended up going to private school, but he didn't mind because that made him even closer to his faith. His parents were getting along again. Chris even stayed in touch with his old friends. Everything was finally calm. Everything was finally perfect. Chris was doing his homework in his room with a new friend. His father walked in. \"Boys, don't forget to pray.\" Chris replied with a slight smile, \"Never again dad, never.\" ","Summary":" Pray \"I'm not going to private school\" said Chris Jr. to his mother. \"Yes you are Chris\" said h"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"The Man Who Can Fly","Author":"dianamini","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11152191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (1) Where there is oppression, there is defiance.\"Lalalalalala, I believe I can fly- I believe I can soar, lalala…\" Someone was singing or rather howling with a hoarse throat, remotely in the ruthless rain. It sounded like he was coming in the direction towards the building in a quite fast speed. As the \"prisoners\" were all tiptoeing on the porch in anxious expectation to know who the free man was, an unearthly view zoomed past their eyes. A young fellow in white T-shirt with red stripes and blue jeans was riding a female's electric motor single-handedly through the river of streets, squeezing the water on his way like wings on either side. Cellphone (must be water-proof) in his pocket was playing music loudly, the available left hand setting upright something on the board between his legs which spread apart for balance and emergent stops. \"He really could fly,\" some lad remarked jokingly. \"Probably he was crazy. Did it ever occur to him that what he was doing would kill him in a day like this? A slip will cost him life I bet.\" One girl continued. \"I will eat my hat if he gets no fever after all the frenzy.\" A corpulent middle-aged man murmured angrily. Of all the comments, none was registered into his ears since their master was absorbed in the harmony among music, nature and self. Where the water narrowed, he deftly took out the cellphone, turned off the music, dialed a number, waited a little before finally said, \"Hello, your yummy delivery has arrived; pick up ASAP please!\" Then he put it back swiftly and sang the rest of the way. He was a deliveryman. (2) \"What took you so long? Told you not to frolic in the rain. Look at you all soaked up! Why didn't you wear a raincoat?\" The proprietress of the restaurant in her late forties met him at the porch, reeling out the words dyed in reproachful vehemence. The restaurantwas not a big, but favorite one among the neighborhood adjacent to Kongsong University, to the gate of which one needed to cover a four-hundred-meter avenue that turned right to meet the gate. \"I couldn't find it Mrs. Sun,and the meals were getting cold, so…. Besides I loved rain; I just couldn't help it. You should've seen the water wings, so limpid and seraphic\" Explained Longfellow, a stout healthy college dropout with a face round but bony, a nose high but not corky, and eyes large but penetrating. \"If not think about your health, think about the motor you were driving; if not either, and then think about your parents who are at the present moment worrying about you in the village. What would they think about a mischief like this? The motor was not yours, remember boy!\" Mrs. Sun dragged him quickly inside. \"Four deliveries to the Forth Student Apartment. Jin, you take these. Longfellow was a messy wet cat now.\" Mrs. Sun said to another deliveryman aside. \"No, I'll take this. Now that I am drenched like hell, why don't I go for another ride?\" Longfellow grabbed the package and off he went before Mrs. Sun had time to shout, \"Raincoat, put it on, be careful, for Heaven's sake!\" However, like any reckless decision men have ever made, its effect, positive or negative, on their lives is always beyond their wildest imagination. ","Summary":" (1) Where there is oppression, there is defiance.\"Lalalalalala, I believe I can fly- I believe I c"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"The climb","Author":"SummerMistedDragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8796080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing... Summary: There's not enough Zoom Fics! So I decided to write one! The team most conquer new challenges to survive such an awful menace that even the deadly NightFury can't compare...these tests aren't where their powers can help...they are inside the heroes. To make this easier to write since I don't remember a lot about 2006, I'm skipping the movie forward to 2012. Chapter One I can almost see it xxx December 4th Dylan had been on his own since he was sixteen, his mom had left her husband and son, and then one day David West just never came home from work. His body was found two states down river. By that time Dylan had a steady after school job, and several local guys were keeping tabs on him. When the Court tried to place him in foster care, the men fought back for the then seventeen year old. Dylan stayed. By the time he'd entered the Zenith Program, he was a loner. Yes he'd gained a family, but lost the original. Besides his team, Dylan had nothing to lose. As for Tucker, Summer, Cindy...Zoom, Connor, Marsha...they all had something lose...and it was going to cost them and Dylan to face it. xxx While Dylan was gone on a school trip, the action the team had grown used to faded, leaving a five day lull where the kids stayed at their own homes. Jack and Connor fixed up the sleeping pods to have solid walls with semi-transparent glass doors. And Jack got a wider bed so Cindy would stop moving the couch that was supposed to stay bolted down to the floor. Connor now resided in the pod next to Jack, Cindy was on the other side of the captain's room with the other three members across the \"hall\", that way no one was closer to Connor than his brother. The team was having a bit of trouble adjusting the the presence of a once killer. The Zenith Team had only partially accepted Connor. Cindy the most, she was just in love with the \"younger\" Shepard. Dylan was indifferent, accepting his presence but not openly making sure he was included. Tucker sort of followed Cindy's plan, talking with Connor and making him feel part of the group, but he was wary of the shock wave plagued guy. Summer was just acting as if Connor wasn't even there... ... Jack only woke up halfway as Cindy tiptoed in the first night all four kids were back on base, he shifted to let her crawl under the thick blanket he'd left on that side. she was silent as she curled up, most likely facing him but Jack preferred to keep his eyes closed when trying to sleep. She pulled the covers around her to the point where Jack was straining to keep just a little bit of them on him, finally rolling over after losing feeling in his hand. \"Go to sleep Cindy.\" \"G'nite Mr. Zoom.\" xxx Area 52 was set into a mountain...secretly...a mountain in the middle of the Mojave Desert in Nevada. Plenty of rocks to climb and awesome views. Some such views were the amazing sunsets. ... Jack sighed softly as he watched the radiant colors blazing across the horizon. Zoom and Ace had made this their spot when they'd ditched Dr. Grant and Larraby, not even Connor knew of his brother's hide out. \"Mr. Zoom?\" Okay, except Cindy. She'd found the cliff weeks ago and occasionally spent the evenings with the team captain, watching the sunset quietly before asking questions about the past. Jack usually opened up, but tonight he didn't feel like talking so he laid out on his back, staring up at the appearing stars as Cindy sat next to him. \"Mr. Zoom?\" \"Hmm?\" \"What was Mr. Connor like before all the training and stuff?\" Jack sighed softly, Connor had been different before the Zenith team, way different. He'd been the rebel James Dean kinda teenager with enough maturity to know when to buckle down and get stuff done when he had to. \"He was...different Cindy...definitely different...\" The little girl hummed before laying back as well, except her head was near the edge of the cliff and her feet level with Jack's hip. Jack didn't notice until it was almost too late. xxx Dylan stayed perfectly still; the training room designed for Connor was a huge padded room, ballistic gel walls designed to take the shock blasts and packing peanut covered pit floor. If the teen didn't move, the peanuts didn't shift and alert the hyper vigilant Connor to his presence and as a target to get tossed across the room. Connor was practicing his aim with lesser level blasts, Dylan was practicing his stealth. Neither were making much progress. \"Come out, come out wherever you are!\" Dylan smirked, reappearing when Connor began to walk away from him while staring at the far wall. \"Really? Hide and seek?\" Connor spun around with a blast, the wave making Dylan stumble as he sprinted to avoid it. He had to freeze invisibly in a half crouched position, rather painful since he'd been working out all day. Concussion smiled as he glanced around, deep blue eyes taking in every detail of the room he was very familiar with. \"Don't be a hot head, that can cost ya pretty bad.\" Dylan smiled again, Connor was easy to get along with if he was by himself, this session had been taking so long that even Dr. Grant and Ms. Holloway had given up and left the observation room. Now Connor was relaxed and happy to comment and help Dylan's training, he'd even stopped the session to go over decent positioning on the packing peanuts to remain still and be able to move fast from a cold start. The teen known as Houdini marginally shifted, just enough to launch himself to one side as Connor glanced at him, receiving a shock wave pop that snapped him into normal view. He landed easily on the peanuts, and he should have rolled right to his feet and ran. Then his mind-sight kicked in, sending him spinning through Area 52's corridors and past secret panels he didn't even know existed. Distantly he was aware of Connor next to him, supporting him and talking steadily and soothingly, probably so he could keep a grip on the normal world. His mind didn't take him all the way, but before it shut off he saw Cindy crying and screaming for help... Dylan choked as he returned to normal, coughing and nearly throwing up as Connor quickly shut the session down, opening the doors and guiding the teen out into fresh air. \"Dylan? What is it?\" Connor's steady voice helped him focus as he stumbled to his feet, \"It's Cindy...something's wrong.\" xxx Jack had been able to grab Cindy before she rolled off the cliff, he hadn't been able to move fast enough as the cliff edge crumbled beneath him. As he'd fallen backwards, Cindy had lunged and caught his right leg, holding on tight. The cliff was cracking beneath her, she couldn't pull him up even with her super strength. And Jack wouldn't survive the fall if she let go. xxx Connor had pulled an alarm seconds later, getting everyone's attention as Dylan started running through the corridors, rushing through doors that should have been locked. Connor began to put the pieces together, Jack had had a secret spot years ago, and as team captain he would have had access to keys the others didn't. Cindy may not be the only one in trouble. xxx Cindy screamed again as her hands struggled to maintain a grip on Jack's jeans, the material was stiffening with cold as the temperature dropped rapidly in the desert. Jack had been pretty calm,he would let out a constant stream of talking to keep Cindy as calm as she could be, all the while panicking internally and hoping someone would find them. \"Mr. Zoom! I'm slipping!\" Jack had already felt it, but there was nothing he could do, he couldn't even pull his upper body up without risking pulling Cindy off the cliff. \"Cindy listen to me, let me slip a little bit until you can grip easier, once you can hold on as tight as you can, it'll be ok.\" The girl nodded, releasing a bit of pressure from her hands before Jack started falling again, this time a bit slower until Cindy's hands caught his knee in a vice tight grip. He swallowed a wince, the girl was extremely strong. \"Zoom...\" \"It's ok Cindy...everything's gonna be fine.\" Cindy nodded, but she was still crying, and Jack couldn't do anything about it. \"Help me...somebody please help me...\" \"Cindy!\" \"Jackie!\" Jack winced at the yells, he was shaking with cold and a head ache from the blood to his head. The last thing he needed was to go deaf. Another set of hands grabbed his leg, these locked onto his ankle before the hiss of a propelling rope sailed past him. Jack glanced up to see Connor bracing Cindy as he helped her hold onto Jack's leg, Dylan was propelling down the cliff enough to get beneath Jack to support him. At some point he slipped into a daze, not really understanding what was going on. Several soldiers had taken Cindy's place, Connor was holding her wrapped in a blanket as people lifted Jack back to safe ground, strapping him to a mobile stretcher when he couldn't put any weight on the leg Cindy had been holding. Jack fell unconscious, the pain and cold was too much for him. The last thing he heard was Holloway assessing his knee and sounding upset...something about..never again...running... xxx xx xxx December 10th, xxx Dylan lost himself to the music on his MP3, his legs keeping to a steady jog as he pounded on the treadmill. Jack had been in the medical ward for two weeks, and Dr. Grant hadn't been allowing visitors. For Cindy's and Tucker's sake, Dylan hoped the rule would change. The eldest teen didn't notice the door to the gym open, nor did he realize someone was watching him from the chairs off to the one side as he picked up the pace, moving into a fast paced run that would work into an all out sprint before slowing to let the person exercising cool off before getting down from the machine. Dylan did notice that when he reached the sprint stage, the setting was wrong, it was closer to Zoom's speed and level of endurance. Least to say his tripping and sliding backwards was rather impressive. Groaning, Dylan moved to curl into a ball on the padded gym floor, treadmill burn wasn't pleasant, nor was hitting the floor at about 25 mph. Someone snorted to the side, making Dylan slowly uncurl before looking over at the chair's. From his upper thigh to his ankle, Zoom's right leg was in a thick white cast, a pair of crutches leaned against the wall next to his chair. \"Hey.\" Jack nodded faintly as Dylan spoke, the teen's voice a groan as he spread out on the cool mats. \"Next time, check the settings.\" Dylan nodded into the floor, enjoying the feeling of the cold mats against his skin. \"I have surgery in January.\" Jack's voice startled him out of his relaxing, he turned just enough to look at the captain, Zoom was staring off into space, his expression that of grim acceptance. \"After that cast is off, I'm in a brace for at least six months and start therapy.\" The teenager winced, a classmate had busted his knee, it had ended his career in sports, he'd lost several scholarships. \"What do they say about recovery?\" Jack sighed before struggling to stand without jarring his leg, finally having Dylan help him up so he could get braced on the crutches. \"I may never run again.\" Review? Is is good? Bad? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing... Summary: There's not enough Zoom Fics! So I decided to write one! The "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Nightmares","Author":"HuntressBiancadiAngelo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8483477","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N-Just a quick one-shot Disclaimer: I don't own Zoom and I am not making a profit off of this. I couldn't believe it, after thirty long years of being trapped in that vortex. Having to claw my way out, I was now reinstated into the Zenith program. I was extremely happy, especially because of how readily everyone accepted me into the group. I was also very happy to finally see my brother, Jackie. He had definitely changed, but then again thirty years does that. After Jackie and I walked over to the others we flew back to base, where I took a shower then went to my room to sleep. And wow, was that shower heavenly. It was bliss against my stiff muscles. So now I was just lying awake in my bed thinking of everything that had happened today. I honestly couldn't see how Jackie, or anyone else for that matter, could accept me so quickly. I mean, I was a murderer, I had killed the other Zenith members, tried to kill Jackie, and nearly killed that little girl; what was her name, oh ya, Cindy. I wanted to keep thinking about all that had happened but I was exhausted. Clawing your way back to Earth from a vortex did that to you. I was quickly asleep; unfortunately that sleep was anything but peaceful. \"It's perfectly safe, now sit down!\" Grant nearly shouted, frustrated that I wasn't very willing to do what he wanted. I wasn't so sure if it was a good idea to be bombarded with radiation. But everyone else had done it so it seemed it was my turn . I walked forward slowly and sat down in the chair while Grant and Larraby started flipping switches to turn it on. Soon it was on and ready to bombard me with radiation. \"Hold still, this might hurt.\" Grant warned me. \"Wait, wha-\" I never got to finish what I was saying for at that moment Grant let the machine hit me with its radiation, and I was soon screaming in pain. It felt like thousands of white-hot knifes were being stabbed into my skin. Next thing I knew everything was going black, and I was soon unconscious. The radiation was changing my morals, I could feel it. Something had gone wrong with the radiation, I was sure it wasn't suppose to do this. I wasn't sure what was right or wrong anymore, everything seemed to be blurring together. So I went to the one person I knew I could count on, Jackie. \"Jack, I need to talk to you.\" I informed Jackie deciding not to use my nickname for him. \"Not now Connor, I'm busy, don't you see.\" Jackie said angrily and letting out a sigh. \"But, Jack, this is important.\" I tried to get my brother to listen. \"If it doesn't have to do with are crazy supervillian enemies, then I. DON'T. CARE.\" Jackie said, putting emphasis on the last three words. I couldn't help the sadness that was bubbling up in me, my own brother wasn't even willing to listen to what I had to say. So with my head bowed slightly I left him alone. He never saw the tear run down my face. My own brother. My own brother had sent me to this nothingness. This vortex. HE hadn't helped me when he had the chance. Yes I killed the rest of the team but I had no control, this stupid radiation did. I would never want to hurt my brother. But he obviously didn't have the same feelings, instead of helping me he sent to this vortex where I was trapped. No one was here, I was completely alone. My brother had betrayed me, and he would pay. I soon as I got out of this vortex I would make sure he payed for this. I then began to claw my way out of this vortex. I was back. I was back. And my brother was here to. I couldn't believe, after thirty years of wishing him dead I would finally get my revenge. The pathetic thing was he had no powers and only children to try and fight me. Now this would be easy. These images played over and over in my mind till I was ejected from them, screaming. Next thing I new I was getting pulled against my brother's chest. \"Shh. It's alright Connor. You're safe now, everything will be alright.\" Jackie whispered soothingly to me. \"J-Jackie.\" I whimper brokingly. \"Ya Connor, it's me, it's okay.\" he whispers to me. After a couple minutes I managed to calm down for the most part and Jackie pulled away till we were arms length apart. \"Nightmares?\" Jackie asks me. All I can do is nod back as a response, not trusting my voice. \"What were they about?\" Jackie asks me, like he doesn't know. I have to suppress my snort, he knows what they were about and was just trying to get me to talk, well he wins I guess. \"They were about everything that happened the past thirty years.\" I whisper so low Jackie has to strain to hear me. \"Ah, Connor, you're safe now, none of that stuff matters anymore.\" Jackie comforts me. \"Really?\" I ask, unsure whether or not to believe him. \"Ya, this is a new family and I know you wouldn't have done all those things if it wasn't for the Gamma 13.\" Jackie explains to me. I still wish none of that stuff had happened.\" I say looking down at the ground. Gamma 13 had ruined my life. I had killed the other team members and had nearly killed my little brother. Then got sent to some vortex, alone, for thirty years. Gamma 3 had ruined everything. I didn't even know who my brother was anymore. Jackie sighs \"I know, and maybe it never would have if I had listened to you, you tried to tell me what was going on and I didn't listen, for that I'm sorry.\" He apologizes. I look up smirking a little \"You know you aren't very good at being sentimental.\" I tease him. \"Oh shut up.\" he says, but he is smiling, and so am I. \"You should probably go back to bed, long day tomorrow.\" I nod and watch as my brother takes his leave, who knows maybe things will get better. I fall back asleep and have no more nightmares for the rest of the night R&R; ","Summary":" A/N-Just a quick one-shot Disclaimer: I don't own Zoom and I am not making a profit off of this. I "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Summer's Upsetting Day","Author":"SwifteForeverAndAlways","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8210572","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Okay so I was watching ZOOM this morning (6-12-12) and I felt like writing a cute Dylan/Summer fluff romance one shot. I will still update my other stories but this is spur of the moment, possible writers block breaker. Anyway here you go, it takes place at the end with the cheerleading practice and what happens after they get called again. And since the other cheerleaders names were never mentioned I'm making up the names. Summer Jones also known as Wonder just finished up with the Zenith program at Area 52 and got herself a boyfriend Dylan West also known as Houdini. \"Hey Freak\" the cheer captain Lavinia Abbot. \"What do you want Lavinia\" Summer said getting her uniform on. \"What happened at the freak house\" Lavinia sneered. \"Oh let's see. I learned I'm telekinetic and have empathic senses. Also I got a boyfriend.\" Summer counted off. \"Yeah right\"she snorted. The practice started and they built a pyramid. Summer was on the bottom holding up the other girls easily with help from her powers. All of a sudden a rose with a note started floating towards them. All the others looked in shock, except for Summer, as with a sudden rippling a guy appeared. He had long shoulder length dark hair. Dylan gave the rose to Summer who ,keeping the others up with her power, pulled him in and kissed him. How did a freak like her get a cute guy like him Lavinia thought as their beepers went off. With a suddeness the pyramid fell as the two ran off. It was that weekend when Summer and Dylan had a little date out at the park. It was going all well until a certain person showed up. \"Dylan why'd you choose to date a freak like her when you could have me\" Lavinia said flipping her hair seductively. \"Summer's not a freak\" Dylan said defensively. \"Yeah she is. She can control things and move them. Tell me that's not freaky.\" Lavinia said snottily. \"It's not. I can turn invisible. I know an older guy about 55 who can run faster then any human, his older brother who is now younger due to a freak accident can shoot sonic booms, a twelve year-old can enlarge any part of his body, and a six year old who has super strength , plus a woman who has the power of super breath that can knock down grown men. We're not freaks we're super heroes.\" Dylan said proudly. \"What ever\" Lavinia sneered storming off. \"FREAKS\" she shouted before she left. \"Dylan Lavinia's right. Why do you want a freak like me instead of a pretty normal girl like her\" Summer said. \"Because you are pretty and normal is so over rated.\" Dylan replied pulling her into him. \"Thanks\" She said leaning up to kiss him. A/N: There is my story. Hope you like it. Please review. ","Summary":" A/N: Okay so I was watching ZOOM this morning (6-12-12) and I felt like writing a cute Dylan/Summer"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Previsível","Author":"AtomicCupcake1023","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6830586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aviso: A história a seguir é fictícia, personagens e acontecimentos semelhantes são pura coincidência. Os personagens aqui representados não são de autoria de Atomic Cupcake1023 mas sim de Jasons Lethcoe , criador do livro \"Amazing Adventures from Zoom's Academy\" que deu origem ao filme \"Zoom - Academy for Superheroes\", além de seus patrocinadores. Esta fanfic não tem fins lucrativos . A leitura é de opção do internauta . Comentários e críticas construtivas sempre serão incentivados e bem-vindos. Tenha uma boa leitura. Era mais uma manhã no sobrado onde Jack e Connor viviam, em um bairro tranquilo e relativamente próximo à escola onde as crianças e membros da equipe/família estudavam. Jack, ou Zoom, acabara de acordar e entrava na cozinha ainda usando a calça e regata que havia usado para dormir e bocejava alto enquanto se espreguiçava. Sentado a mesa da cozinha estava Connor, também de calça e regata, com um jarro de café fresco ao centro da mesa e uma caneca já posta para Jack ao lado de um prato com panquecas, bacon e ovos, feitos pelo próprio Connor para seu irmãozinho. Connor - O leite esta na geladeira, Jackie. Jack - Não me chame de Jackie, Connor. Connor - Claro, Jackie. O irmão mais velho (apesar de atualmente ser o mais novo em idade) falava sem tirar os olhos do jornal que segurava com uma mão enquanto usava a outra para adoçar sua xícara de chá com mel. Jack - Você não muda mesmo. Toda manhã o mesmo chá com a mesma quantidade de mel e- Connor - Se você quer tanto assim ler os quadrinhos do jornal é só esperar mais um pouco, estou quase terminando aqui. Jack - ...Você tem noção de que eu já não sou mais uma criança, certo? Connor - Você disse alguma coisa, Jackie? Compulsão finalmente havia erguido o olhar junto de um largo sorriso, ao mesmo tempo estendia para Zoom a página do jornal que continha os quadrinhos e algum jogo aleatório como caça palavras ou sudoku. Jack - ... Após alguns segundos encarando o outro, Jack arrancou o jornal oferecido de Connor e jogou-se em seu lugar com uma face emburrada. Terminando seu chá Connor levantou-se e limpou seu lado da mesa, reparando que Jack não havia pegado o leite, mas assim que estava préstes a perguntar se o irmão não queria que pegasse dito leite escutou leves risos vindos deste, que lia concentrado os quadrinhos do jornal. Connor - Então, Jackie, VOCÊ não muda mesmo. Sempre rindo das piadas sem graça desses quadrinhos. Jack - Hey! É um humor mais ê não entenderia. Connor - Nossa...Você usa essa mesma desculpa dês dos treze anos. Jack resmungava enquanto dava uma generosa mordida em um de seus bacons. Poderiam passar mil anos, a comida de Connor sempre seria a melhor...Mas nem com mais mil anos que Zoom admitiria isso ao irmão. Connor foi até a geladeira e levou o leite até a mesa, onde ele mesmo colocou um pouco no café de Jack e o adoçou. Connor sabia como Jack gostava de seu café, e Jack sabia que o irmão sabia. Isso bastava para os dois. Connor - Semana que vem é aniversário da Cindy. Summer estava pensando em darmos uma festa surpresa para ela, aqui em casa. Que tal? Jack - Depende se- Connor - Sim, Jack, eu farei o bolo. Outras comidas e bebidas ficam por contado de Summer e da Dra Marshal trazerem. Jack - Mas e- Connor - Tucker e Dylan fazem a decoração. Jack - E- Connor - Todo mundo ajuda a limpar no final. Mas eu sempre posso dar uma desculpa para você escapar. Jack - ... Connor - E eu vou lembrar você de comprar um presente, não se preocupe. Um longo silêncio se instalou enquanto Connor servia mais um par de panquecas que haviam sobrado para Jack, que tinha uma de suas sobrancelhas erguidas. Jack - Você me conhece tão bem assim ou eu sou mesmo previsível? Connor - Um pouco disso, um pouco daquilo...Você sabe, Jackie. Nota de Rodapé: Se este filme passar mil vezes em uma semana, eu tentarei assisti-lo essas mil vezes. Eu AMO esse filme e não sei o motivo. Jack-Connor Brotherhood é algo que não me importaria em ver com mais frequência, especialmente em português. Comentários e críticas construtivas serão bem-vindos. ","Summary":" Aviso: A história a seguir é fictícia, personagens e acontecimentos semelhantes são pura coincidênc"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Masks","Author":"Stephycats7785","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7110935","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: My Mask Rating: T Summary: Connor and this thoughts about how he will never fit in with the rest of the group. *One-shot* Disclaimer: I do not own anyone or anything from Zoom! AN: This is my first ever Zoom story and I hope that it comes out alright. Basically it is a short one-shot about Connor. I always liked Connors character and it left me wondering how he really felt when he got back. Nobody could ever be that happy after everything he went through. This is my try and writing Connor. I hope I do him justice. Have you ever put on a front for those around you? Have you ever had to pretend to be something you're not? I've had to do that every single day since my return from the dimensional time rift I had been trapped in for some thirty years. I have to act like I am the same teenaged boy of my past. To act as though I hadn't murdered my team. To pretend I wasn't feeling completely lost. Sometimes I am not even sure who I am anymore. Zoom seems to think that things can go back to the way they are. He has his brother back and to him that is which has come to matter the most. While he missed the old team, he had his new family and an unusually perky new girlfriend. For him things were falling in to place. I only wish it could be that easy for me. To fit in and be accepted by this new team was something I desired more than anything else. It is not as if anyone is ever outright cruel to me. The opposite in fact is how they treat me. They have all treated me with the upmost kindness even if I do not deserve it. They see me as Zooms brother Connor. The boy who had a bad experience, but is trying to learn from it. I am known as the quite one. The one who reads a lot and is always training long after everyone else has gone to bed. Nobody seems to see for who I really am. To be far it is not like I want them to know the real me. The last time I got close to people they ended up dead. I had murdered my team without a second thought. You can blame the Gamma radiation and yet I know deep down that I was still in control. I could've stopped if I had wanted to do so. The only problem is I had not wanted to stop and think about my actions. I liked the freedom the Gamma radiation seemed to give me. The power which had coursed through my veins sent a thrill down my spine. I'd believed myself to be unstoppable at the time. After thirty years I had come to see the truth. The power I felt was all in my mind. I had been on a power trip nothing more and nothing less. It had cost me everything and left me wondering where should I go from here? As I entered the cafeteria I had a fleeting thought that maybe I would've been better off had I never come back. Because to be brutally honest, wearing a most grew awfully tiresome. THE END! AN: I plan to write more Zoom stories in the future. This was just me testing the waters. Please R&R; like always! ","Summary":" Title: My Mask Rating: T Summary: Connor and this thoughts about how he will never fit in with the "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Team Zenith","Author":"RavenclawGirl369","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11632044","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rana's POV I walked through the lunchroom as I heard the usual snickering of my immature classmates. I just kept walking and sat at my usual table with my only friend, Aaron. A little fact about Aaron and I, we're not your average kids. Even if you stripped away our \"emo\" hair and piercings, there's still one minor thing. We both have super powers. Now, just give me a second to explain before you start calling us crazy. See, Aaron can fly. I'm not even joking. We both actually have flown together. Well, he carried me but that's besides the point. As for me, I can manipulate plants and even make them grow out of my palm if I wanted them to. Which led to a bunch of cheesy nicknames. \"Hey flower child. You okay?\" Aaron asked me as I sat down. I twirled a piece of my black hair around my finger. \"You know the usual. Kids talking behind our backs, getting shoved into lockers, you know, just your typical Tuesday.\" I said and shrugged. \"Ouch. Hope you're okay.\" Aaron said as he looked at me with his deep blue eyes. 'No. Stop it Rana.' I thought to myself. The only problem with me being friends with Aaron is that I like him. His dark brown hair, blue eyes, lip rings, he was just my type of guy. I on the other hand, had jet black hair, green eyes, and an industrial bar in my ear. I messed with my All Time Low t-shirt. \"I'm fine.\" I told him. He looked at me skeptically, but nodded anyway. We both got up and threw away our already eaten lunch and started walking down the hall, chatting about the most random things. That was, till we got outside. We saw everyone was just being loud. I sighed and put a hand over my eyes. \"Is it always gonna be like this?\" I asked Aaron. \"I don't know, flower child.\" He said and I groaned in annoyance. \"Stop calling me that. How would you feel if I kept calling you fly boy?\" I asked and put my hands on my hips. \"I'd be okay with it.\" He shrugged and smiled at me. \"Do you wanna just go to the roof?\" Aaron asked me and I nodded. The roof was my favorite place in school. It was always quiet. We both walked there in a comfortable silence as we finally made it to the top. I smiled in content as I felt the calm breeze. Unaware of another set of eyes watching me. Aaron's POV I watched Rana took a deep breath as we stood out here. I didn't mean to stare at her, it kinda just happened. Then again, can you blame me? She's beautiful. Anyone can see that. It was nice and peaceful till I heard the door open. I looked over and saw the familiar figure that was Adam, the football quarterback and all around pervert at this school. \"Hey! Emo girl!\" He shouted and Rana turned around. \"I have a name you know.\" She said quietly and took two steps back. I was about to step in till she gave me a look that said 'I can handle this.' \"What did I tell you about being friends with this guy?!\" He shouted and pointed at me. \"You can't tell me what to do. You don't own me. I can be friends with Aaron if I want to be. Besides, I don't even like you so leave me alone.\" She said quietly and took a few more steps back. I was worried cause a few more steps, and she'll fall. \"News flash emo girl, when I called you hot when you first transferred here, it meant that I own you.\" He said and got closer to her. \"Well, I would never date a disgusting pig like you.\" She said bravely. \"Why you bitch!\" He shouted and shoved her as she went over the edge and my face paled. I noticed a vine begin to grow rapidly as it caught her when she was near the second floor. My body was finally able to function again as I ran and dove off the edge of the building, flying as I did. I floated over to her and held out my arms. Rana jumped into them and smiled at me. \"Thanks fly boy.\" She said as I mirrored her smile. \"No problem flower child.\" I told her as we touched ground. She hopped out of my arms and looked at the faces of all the speechless students. \"Crap.\" We muttered at the same time. This wasn't going to end well.[Chapter 2] Aaron's POV I sat calmly with Rana at my side, who was shaking like a leaf. I knew she was scared out of her wits. If there was one thing she was always afraid of, it was her secret being exposed. That and needles. I gently rubbed her back as she put her head on my shoulder. \"What are we gonna do when the government tries to use us as weapons of mass destruction?\" She asked quietly as I chuckled. \"I'm sure that won't happen.\" I said and she shook her head. \"You don't know that.\" She reasoned and I reluctantly nodded in agreement. I can never beat her logic, it's like she's always a few steps ahead of me. We both heard the door lock click open as we straightened up. Our principal entered with a woman in a lab coat. \"Rana, Aaron, this is Miss. Holloway. She will be helping you with the incident from earlier.\" Our principal said with a scowl on his face. The thing is, our principal hates us. Because we are those 'emo' kids who don't talk to anyone else, he automatically assumed we were the main people selling heroin in the courtyard. He was, of course, wrong and it almost cost him his job. \"Hi. I'm Marsha Holloway, I'm a psychologist.\" The woman in the lab coat said as she shook each of our hands. We both remained silent. \"Now, Rana, Aaron, I want you too know that these abilities you have are completely normal. Now there are others like you and my boss wants you to come to audition for a place in the Zenith Program. Where we will be able to enhance your abilities, naturally.\" Ms. Holloway explained as we both rocketed out of our seats. \"You want us to do what?!\" We shouted in unison and laughed at our behavior. \"We just feel you 2 have great potential.\" Ms. Holloway said as Rana gave her a slight smile. Wait, what? \"We'll do it.\" She said as my eyes widened. \"Excellent. I will send the details to your parents.\" Ms. Holloway smiled one last time and walked out of the room. Rana, what have you gotten us into? Rana's POV I waited with Aaron for my brother to pick me up while he had his bike. He always waited for me to be picked up before he goes home. \"Are you nervous about this?\" He asked me as I simply shrugged. \"I have mixed feelings about it.\" I said simply and he nodded in understanding. He put an arm around my shoulder in a side hug. \"Well, call me if you get cold feet.\" He said as I chuckled. \"Okay then.\" I replied as my older brother, Jamie, stopped the car. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" I said and he nodded. \"I definitely will.\" He said I smiled as I hopped in the car. I don't know why, but I feel like this is going to be an epic adventure. ","Summary":" Rana's POV I walked through the lunchroom as I heard the usual snickering of my immature classmates"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Of Sickness and Visions","Author":"warriors1011","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11960135","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, so this is some random idea I came up with when I re-watched the movie on netfliw for the third time. Strange, I know. But this third time was not because my sister might have liked it or my mom and I needed something to watch. I just wanted to watch something with superheroes. Anyway, here this is. Enjoy. There might be more one-shots coming. Of Sickness and Visions Summary: After Summer's 'Good Luck For Driving Test' party, Dylan comes down with a stomach bug and, while sleeping, sees a vision of the past. The sound of high fives and cheering filled the FE-12. Summer had a huge grin on her face and Dylan was shaking her saying, \"You did it! You did it!\". Cindy was jumping around and Tucker following her, pumping his fists in the air. Connor and Jack had just high-fived and were congratulating Summer. She had just learned how to drive. Even if it was a UFO, it still counted. But what made the accomplishment even better was that she hadn't even used her powers. A crackling came in from their suits' radios. \"Good job Summer!\" Marsha's voice said. \"Thanks Marsha.\" \"No problem. But guys, as happy as we all are for her, I'm getting told you need to stop roughhousing in the spaceship.\" Cindy and Tucker stopped, sheepish looks on their faces. \"Sorry!\" Jack laughed. \"Marsha's just a big party pooper guys. I mean come on, she'll probably spit the rainbow at us when we get back. \"Mr. Shepard, I heard that!\" \"See?\" Connor shook his head at his brother. \"You seriously need to get out of that bad habit Jackie.\" \"Oi! You aren't supposed to call me Jackie!\" Dylan laughed and turned to Summer as the two brothers began bickering. \"What a family you have.\" \"Haha Houdini. It's yours too.\" Summer remarked, a grin still on her face. \"Yeah. Too bad I can't do anything about it.\" \"Shut up and give me a kiss, boyfriend.\" \"Ew!\" Cindy yelled. \"Summer and Dylan are doing it again!\" Summer and Dylan broke apart laughing. Connor and Jack paused their quarrel and gathered the young team up. \"Okay kiddos. How about we have a big 'Good luck' party for Wonder once we get back to Area 52?\" \"Yeah!\" The group chorused, high fiving. \"Alrighty then. Summer, take us back!\" \"Will do Captain Zoom!\" .oO0Oo. Dylan listened to Summer talk about the party. He had gone to the first twenty minutes of it before his stomach decided to flip on him. \"...And then Cindy punched Larraby! Can you believe it? She left a really purple bruise on his side and he promised harder training until Connor and Jack ganged up on him. It was crazy but a lot of fun. I wish you could've seen it.\" Summer smiled, laying her head on his shoulder. Dylan 'Hn'ed. His head hurt, especially right above his right eyebrow. And his stomach churned at the thought of food. \"... pale. Let me get Marsha or Dr. Grant. St…\" Summer's voice faded, although he knew she was still talking. \"I'm okay Summer. Really. I think I just need sleep.\" Dylan murmured, patting her thigh. He got up and attempted to walk to his bed but his eyesight blurred to black and then back and his head spun. He stumbled before gripping the nightstand tightly. \"Dylan!\" Summer kneeled next to him. \"It's okay, just a dizzy spell.\" Dylan told her, smiling weakly. \"Stay there. I'll get you something to eat. You probably need iron.\" Dylan's stomach churned, rougher than before and he felt like puking. He ended up dry heaving, and he curled into a ball. His head was spinning and his stomach kept doing flips. Faintly he heard Summer calling his name and shaking him. Why did she keep shaking him. She stopped. Then the world around him faded away. Muffled shouts and yells filled his ears. Colors bled into his vision. Blurry on the edges but he could began to make out the figures. They were young boys, around Cindy's age. Maybe younger. Words finally reached his ears. \"-fishing! Come on!\" One boy, the biggest, suggested. \"We can go to the river over there. There's a shallow part with a bunch of fish. My brother and I go there all the time!\" Another boy offered, pointing behind him. He was easily the scrawniest boy of the bunch. \"Is there good mud?\" A third boy asked A fourth boy pushed him. \"You and mud, Darrell.\" \"You're the artist Nathanael.\" The third boy, Darrell, retorted. \"And he's the goody-too-shoes.\" The skinny boy commented. \"Like you know what that is,\" A tall boy came into the picture, \"Jackie.\" Dylan blinked. The scrawny kid was Jack Shepard? \"Connor!\" The tall boy, Connor, smirked. \"What? Anyway, if you're planning on playing with friends Jack then you have to finish your chores or hurry up.\" Nathanael and Darrell looked downcast and the bigger boy patted Jack's shoulder sympathetically. Jack looked defiant and his face scrunched up. Connor's smirk faded. \"Jack, no.\" \"But-\" \"No.\" Jack frowned. He friends quickly said goodbye and walked in the direction of the river. Young Jack then closed his eyes. His forehead wrinkled in concentration. Dylan watched as Connor's eyes flickered to Jack's legs. Remembering what Jack had once said about his powers, Dylan studied young Jack. One leg vibrated for a second and then he was gone. His friends were dumbstruck. Connor pursed his lips and jogged in that direction, ignoring the younger boys. The scene blurred and was like a movie being fast forwarded. It stopped at a point where five men in uniforms were talking with an angry man and a woman was hugging the two boys, Connor and Jack. They looked the same as they had in the previous scene, only with more mud and were those bruises? The uniformed men made a comment and the woman backed off, looking like she was about to burst into tears. Jack had quite the defiant face. He scowled at the uniformed men and Connor nudged him. Jack shrugged him away and glared at his older brother. Connor backed off, going to hug the woman, whom Dylan now assumed was their mother, one last time. Dylan was surprised when two men grabbed young Connor and pulled him back. Jack ripped the men's hand off his brother until the other three men pulled Jack off. Then they literally dragged the two boys to the black car, pushing them into the seats and slamming the car doors. Dylan looked back at the mother of Jack and Connor and their, assumingly, very angry father who was being held back by the mother. The scene blurred again, this time blackness bleeding in. Faint voices called for him and Dylan flickered his eyes open. Bright white ceilings and walls blinded him and he tightly shut his eyes. \"Dylan! Come one Dylan!\" Jack's voice. Older Jack. Dylan weakly opened his eyes. \"J-jack?\" \"Yeah. Hey kiddo, come on. You're good.\" Dylan snorted lamely. \"If you called feeling as if your stomach has been turned inside-out then forcefully taken out of your body through your throat and your head pounding like a hammer banging on a metal then, totally.\" \"Dylan!\" Summer's worried voice hit his ears and she hugged him. \"Are you okay? I was so worried! You weren't responding and you've been out for hours and-\" \"Summer, let Dylan accommodate himself to his surrounding first before you attack him with worry.\" Marsha's voice suggested. Summer smiled apologetically and backed up. Dylan groaned as he heaved himself up into a sitting position. His vision blacked out for a bit, his head spinning again, but he pushed through it. \"What time is it?\" \"Four in the morning.\" Jack answered. \"You caught quite the stomach flu. You've been asleep but in a few minutes you might have to use the restroom.\" Dylan blinked. \"'Kay.\" Suddenly his stomach surged and, thankfully, Jack stuck a large plastic bowl in front of him. The vomit burned his throat and it hurt to get it out. He kept puking until it was just pathetically dry heaving. His throat hurt and his stomach still churned. \"I don't think I can make it to the bathroom Mr. Shepard.\" Dylan muttered feebly. \"It's okay kiddo.\" Jack was rubbing his back. Dylan did not remember when the adult had started doing it but it was comforting. \"Dr. Grant will clean it up.\" The 17 year old nodded shakily. \"Is Summer still here?\" \"No. Miss Holloway took her into the hallway once you began puking.\" \"Oh.\" Dylan said lamely. \"Hey, don't feel bad.\" Dylan gave the man a look that said 'Seriously?' Jack shrugged. \"Get some sleep Dylan. You're gonna need it to fight this bug.\" \"Right.\" Dylan agreed. \"What if I puke again? And… what about the sheets and my clothes?\" \"Once you're knocked out, we'll take care of it. Just get your strength back Houdini. This team needs a healthy leader.\" Dylan 'Hn'ed and laid back. Jack had readjusted the bed to stretch back so he didn't have to move. As soon as Dylan's head hit the pillow, he was out. And his sleep was dreamless. .oO0Oo. When Dylan awoke again, he was still in the white room only it was dimmer. And his head didn't hurt any more. His stomach wasn't aching as much as it had either. \"And Zombie awakens. Welcome to the living Dylan.\" Dylan turned his head to see Connor grinning at him. \"Hi.\" Dylan murmured, sitting up. \"What's happened?\" \"Nothing much. You slept for twelve more hours. You feel like puking?\" Dylan shook his head. \"Nah, just thirsty.\" \"Good, I didn't feel like helping you out there.\" Connor said, getting a cup of water. \"Thanks.\" Dylan muttered sarcastically. Connor looked back at him. \"Don't take that the wrong way. I was always the one caring for Jack when he got sick. He never had a good immune system, so I was stuck with his puking or diarrhea or runny noses every time he was sick here.\" \"How come no one else helped?' \"Oh they tried. I wouldn't let them.\" \"Why?\" \"That's a story for another time.\" Connor sat on the bed next to Dylan's legs. He handed the glass of water to the teen. Dylan nodded a thanks. Silence surrounded the two. Dylan finally asked a question. \"When I was asleep, I had a dream of you and Jack. When you guys were little. It was similar to the story Jack told me of how the Zenith program learned of his abilities. The thing is, I have no idea how you guys looked when you were young.\" Connor hummed thoughtfully. \"I think it was your mindsight. Marksman would sometimes have those kinds of dreams of the past. Usually it was something that was bothering him or something he should know.\" Dylan nodded. \"So did he get sick like I did?\" Connor chuckled. \"The first two times he did. But he didn't have it like you. He had it in the respiratory system so he was constantly coughing and spitting up phlegm.\" \"Oh. How come it's different for me?\" \"Because you're a different person with a different but similar set of powers.\" Connor answered easily, sliding off the bed. \"How you feeling about food?\" Dylan noticed he changed the subject but let it be. Just as he was about to answer, Dylan's stomach growled loudly. A light blush dusted the teen's cheeks.\" \"Come on Houdini. Let's get some food in that belly of yours.\" Dylan nodded, getting out of bed. He was dizzy for a second then straightened. Connor frowned. \"I guess we'll be having soup with cooked carrots then.\" Dylan blinked. \"Okay?\" Connor gestured to follow him, which Dylan did. They entered the quiet cafeteria where Jack was eating Cream of Wheat half asleep. \"Hey Jackie.\" Connor greeted his technically younger brother. \"Hey Conny.\" Jack greeted back absentmindedly. Dylan sat down at the table as Connor ordered two chicken noodle soups. Conversation was non-existent, even when the soups came out. Even after they finished eating, no one had talked. It was only when they were walking back to the room Dylan had been sleeping in did they begin talking. Connor spoke first. \"Hey Jack, did you ever tell Dylan here about how the Zenith program got a hold of us.\" \"Briefly. Why?\" Dylan told Jack about his dream. There was a thoughtful look on his face. \"I guess we'll have to be wary on 'superhero gigs' in case you get sick again.\" Dylan glared, annoyed at Zoom. He just shrugged. \"Well, for now let's get you back to your team. They've been worried about you for a long time.\" And they did head back over there, once the medical team checked him over and said he was healthy. Cindy, Tucker, and Summer all swarmed Dylan with hugs and asked him a bunch of questions. He answered them the best he could. Even Dr. Grant and Marsha were happy to see him healthy again. Maybe later he could ask them what happened with everyone while he was asleep. Jack and Connor stayed back, smiling at the group. \"Kind of reminds you of our family, doesn't it?\" Jack murmured. \"Yeah.\" Connor agreed. \"Dylan is a lot like Ali.\" Jack nodded. \"Tucker reminded me of Henry, you remember him?\" \"Except without the dying part, yeah.\" Jack snorted. \"You knew what I meant.\" \"Yeah. The relationship between Dylan and Summer reminds me of you and Alice. You guys were always so full of confidence around each other.\" \"Ha, no. We were so awkward.\" \"That was to be expected. You guys were 14.\" Jack pursed his lips. \"How much do you really suppose Dylan saw of our past?\" \"I think he was telling us everything he remembered.\" Connor told him. \"If you think so. Guess I'm just worried for him. I don't want him to think badly of the people who do care for him.\" \"I gotcha. Now stop brooding and be with the team. I'm going back to bed.\" Connor said, pushing his brother towards the group. Jack smiled and walked towards the young superhero team. Dylan looked back at him with a 'help me please!' look. Jack shook his head and went to split them up to give the teen his space. Connor was right. He needed to stop brooding over his lost teammates and focus on these kids. They needed him now. So basically, I assumed that mind-sight can see the past and present and when seeing the past the user gets sick. So yeah, there's that. I also did not call Marksman Ali, that is just his nickname. Tell me in the reviews if you want another one-shot or if you can guess the name I gave Marksman! Hope you enjoyed![Chapter 2] Here's another one-shot for you readers out there, sparse as you are. Forgive me if you feel it's not the best ever, I have changed my writing style since writing this one and the previous story but I couldn't bring myself to edit it. Also, just as a forewarning, I do play around with the year/time a bit as the song I used for inspiration was a remake of an older song but it was newer than the movie and I wanted to keep their ages the same. The song that was the inspiration for this is Sound of Silence by Simon and Garfunkel/ Disturbed. I suggest you look up Paul Simon - The Sounds of Silence on Youtube. That is what's used later in the story. But basically, this one-shot filled with Jackie's memories takes a little place about a day or two after Of Sickness and Visions. Hope you enjoy! Also, I do not own the song or the movie of which this one-shot uses. Sound Of Silence Summary: Jack hears Summer listening to a song by the band Disturbed and remembers a time back with his old team. When Jack walked into the training room this morning he was not expecting to hear a song so familiar yet completely new. He was also not expecting to walk right back out and hide out behind the secret electrical panel. But this is how it happened. He walked into the training room at exactly 10:00 to see Summer at one table doing homework, Cindy coloring in another ridiculous pink costume, and Tucker eating his breakfast. Dylan wasn't going to be there for another hour at the request of the doctors. Curious as to what Summer was working on for homework, Jack had walked over to hear her humming quietly. \"- To the neon god they made. And the sign flashed out its warning - Huh?\" Summer looked up, taking out her earphones. \"Hey Captain. You need something?\" \"No, just wondering what you were working on. Math?\" Jask said, looking over her homework. The words she had sung were probing his memory but he wasn't sure of what. \"Oh, uh, yeah. AlgebraⅡ. I was just finishing up some makeup work.\" Summer answered nervously. Jack blinked. He realized her nervousness was because his tone made it sound like he was unhappy. \"I'm glad you're focusing back on your studies. I wasn't able to do that much here. That's why I got stuck working in a car shop.\" Summer frowned. \"Oh. Something is bugging you. Mind telling me?\" Jack's lips twitched. \"Can't really tell you if I don't know what it is.\" Summer nodded. She glanced at his face, eyes scanning him, before going back to her homework. She opened her Ipod and replayed the song she had been listening to. Jack caught the end of the title: Of Silence, Artist- Disturbed. Jack's eyebrows scrunched together in frustration. Something about that song was poking at his mind. \"It's called Sound of Silence. It's by the band Disturbed.\" Summer commented, not looking up. Jack nodded and went to go the front of the room when it hit him why it was bothering him. Sound of Silence. The Sounds of Silence. Was it the same song? \"Would you like to listen to it Jack?\" \"Sure.\" Jack sat on the table next to hers as Summer took out her earphones and put the song on full volume. So he listened. At first he couldn't understand the guy, he was so quiet and sort of mumbling. But as the song went on a faint memory of dancing, smiling, singing, and a fire played in the back of his mind. Before long Jack was sucked into a memory. There were five of them, probably teens. All were laughing and having a good time. They sat in a circle around a small campfire in red suits. One kid, male, was singing in a ridiculous voice while another boy was playing a campfire song on the guitar. \" I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves! Everybody's nerves, yes everybody's nerves. I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves. And this is how it goes… \" A younger boy pushed the one singing, though he had a smile on his face. \"Stop it Connor! You're a horrible singer!\" \"Like you're any better Jackie.\" \"What did mom say about calling me Jackie!\" \"Guys, yameru !\" One of the other teens, a girl this time, stood up. \"We had enough of your bickering on the way back.\" \"Give them a break Maria. They're brothers.\" The last teen, another girl, told her. She had her brown hair in a ponytail and her blue-green eyes sparkled in the firelight. The previous girl, Maria, rolled her eyes. She had japanese facial features but had auburn hair that stopped right above her chest. \"At least Ali can sing and play better than the two combined.\" The guitar player grinned. \"I have been teaching myself for years guys.\" 'Jackie' turned around, eyes bright with mischief. \"Hey Alejandro… Can you teach me?\" Alejandro nodded. \"Sure thing Jack.\" The boy, Jack, grinned. \"So can we start now?\" \"No! We're supposed to be hiding from the Zenith Program.\" The brown haired girl said. \"Hmm… How about I play my favorite song? We probably have enough time for that before they find us. How's that Alice?\" Alejandro suggested. She and everyone else nodded, going back to their seats. Jack sitting next Alice and Connor sitting next to him. Maria was sitting next to Alejandro. He began to pluck a few strings then began to sing. \" Hello darkness, my old friend… I've come to talk with you again. Because a vision softly Creeping… Left its seeds while I was sleeping. And the vision… That was planted in my brain… Still remains…. Within the sound… Of silence. \" Alejandro's voice silenced his teammates quiet chatterings so that all that was heard was the crackling of the fire. His played strings and chords like a professional and his voice fit the tune he was making. At the end of each line he seemed to either raise his voice and pitch or seemed to quiet down. And the next lines, the endings words began to be emphasized. \" In restless dream I walked alone. Narrow streets of cobblestone. ' Neath the halo of a Street lamp… I turned my collar to the cold and damp… When my eyes were stabbed by the flash of a neo light! That split the night… And touched the sound… Of silence… \" Connor began making a beat by kicking a log in rhythm to Alejandro's playing. Alejandro grinned and continued. \" And in the naked light I saw… Ten thousand people, maybe more… People talking without speaking! People hearing without listening! People writing songs… That voices never share! And no one dared… Disturb the sound! Of silence… \" Alice stood up. Alejandro began his next line before she could speak. \"' Fools!' said I, \"You do not know. Silence like a cancer grows… \" Alice, sensing an upbeat in the next part, pulled Jack up and started dancing with him. Maria and Connor laughed at the ridiculous way they danced. Alejandro just continued his song. \"' Hear my words that I might teach you! Take my arms that I might reach you!' But my words… Like silent raindrops fell! And echoed… In the wells… Of silence… And the people bowed and prayed. To the neon god they made. And the sign flashed its warning! In the words that it was forming… And the sign said: ' The words of the Prophets are written on the Subway walls… And Tenement Halls… And whispered… \" The couple's dancing stop for a second as Alejandro's voice got serious and his playing ceased. \" In the sounds… Of silence… \" He strummed the last cord and looked at his teammates. They began clapping ferociously. Alejandro laid his guitar against his log and bowed dramatically. The group laughed, including Alejandro, and they began debating what was better; Alejandro's version of the song or the original. As the memory faded, Jack smiled forlornly. He had forgotten about that time. \"This song… It has a memory attached… Doesn't it?\" Summer's voice shook Jack out of his mind. \"Yeah.\" Jack murmured. \"I don't think training will begin for another hour or at least until Dylan gets here. Excuse me.\" Summer watched him go. \"Captain… Jack!\" He ignored her and walked past a few more people, pushing a few guards out of the way. Somewhere along the way he had grabbed a flashlight. Then he stopped in front of the electrical panel and opened it, climbing in and walking over to the place where his previous had written their names. This is where Jack, also known as Zoom or Captain Zoom, found himself now. Sitting with the flashlight illuminating the names and his thoughts all over the place. A knock on the metal of the electrical panel startled him. Jack jumped up and turned around to see Connor. Connor had a sympathetic smile on his face. \"Hey there Jackie. Summer told me what happened.\" Jack inhaled deeply. \"Yeah.\" He said, exhaling. \"I'm going to guess that you're blaming yourself still?\" Connor guessed. \"If only I had said no. If only I had accepted their help. If only-\" \"You could go on all day, back to when we were first found out by the Zenith program. But what happened, happened. And I'm sorry for it. I'd always been unstable. I should've warned you and the team.\" Connor gave a half smile, \"Heck, that night Ali was playing was a prime time to warn you all. But I didn't. And right now, I'm the reason you have been so depressed lately. So push through it. 'Cause somehow you did it for thirty years.\" Jack sighed. \"Yeah. Somehow.\" Connor punched his younger(yet older-aged) brother in the arm. Silence surrounded the two until, \"You still have a team to train.\" There you have it. I'm in the middle of writing another one-shot, but it's a bit of a jump into the future. But don't expect it to be up immediately because if you've read any of my other stories, you'd know I do not update regularly. And if you want to know the names I made for Jack and Connor's original team, please review and I'd be happy to tell you or post a new chapter with their descriptions of what I think they were or used to be. Anyway, hope you enjoyed! Don't forget to review! ","Summary":" Okay, so this is some random idea I came up with when I re-watched the movie on netfliw for the thi"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Dylan West's Revelation Scene","Author":"StrangerInAStrangeWorld","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8201315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's a little story I whipped up while watching Zoom: Academy for Superheroes for the millionth time. I'd ask you guys to read and review, but that seems so overused… That song's going through my head, the one that's always on the radio, but I can never remember its name. I barely even follow my schoolwork, so it's no surprise that I don't know this. I'm already known as that loser with no future, or no life, and that's how it's been since I was in elementary school. As some kids learned algebra at light speed or memorized the spelling words, I didn't have a special talent at all, unless you count the power of being really, really average. And that's how my reputation stayed. Never a popular jock, but not a social outcast either. Just…me. I tap out the rhythm on my desk. At the back of the room, Mr. Davidson shouldn't be able to hear me. Not if he's talking on and on about math or chalking long strings of numbers on the board. Just my luck—he does. \"Dylan!\" he calls. Somehow this guy makes everything seem like an order. Taking a few steps towards me, he says, \"Perhaps you'd like to come up and finish Newton's equation?\" Crap. Actually, I'm thinking a lot worse than crap, but if I start to blurt out my thoughts by accident again, that's a word they can't give me a detention for. \"I think Newton can finish his own equation,\" I tell him. My classmates giggle. I'm not quite sure if it's because they want to see me get in trouble again, or because I'm actually funny for a change. Mr. Davidson frowns. \"Now, Dylan,\" he says, making that come-hither gesture you see in bad horror movies. I scrape my desk back, taking as long as possible to get to the front of the room. I have no idea what Newton's equation is, and I'm desperately trying to remember. And I can feel everyone staring at my back. Everyone knows that I don't know it, so why does this old teacher want me to do it? I grab the chalk, still scrambling for ideas. Where was I when he went over this? Probably off in daydreams, as the principal always says, or maybe skipping. Finally a list of numbers pops into my head, and I start writing it down. That's when I feel my body tingle, just a little bit. Even in the dead of winter, our school has the AC up too high. It's always freezing, no matter where you are on campus. I try to focus, to get my thoughts down on paper. The shivering feeling grows stronger and spreads. The rest of the class is whispering, shifting in their chairs. That really doesn't help my concentration, but these people never shut up. I finish up the equation, and that's when I see my hand. Or rather, I don't see it. See, I'm not as ordinary and normal as everyone thinks. Sure, I'm no geek or superstar athlete. But what no one else knows is that I can turn invisible. It's impossible, freaky, abnormal. And that's why I can't get myself noticed. I thought I had control, or at least some ability to hide this power of mine. Obviously not, if I'm getting embarrassed enough to turn myself invisible in the middle of class. Now everyone knows exactly what kind of freak I am. Not just the stupid, slacker type of freak, but able to do something that no person should be able to do. One girl makes a startled yelp as I let the chalk fall from my fingers. Knowing that I can't stop it now, I drop the little stub of chalk in the tray and turn around. As my body rushes back into view, like blood into a finger that you've been squeezing tight, I can see my classmates' stunned faces. Mr. Davidson is actually on his feet, mouth open. That goth kid in the middle of the class exchanges a look with the popular, lip-glossed girl next to him. Someone rubs his eyes. Me, I just press my lips together and rock a little on my heels. I may or may not write a sequel to this, detailing his life after this scene. If not, I'll just tidy up the ending.[Chapter 2] Alright, fine. My ending was hardly adequate, so I wrote a sequel to what I thought was a one-shot. My readers thought different. Everyone is staring at me. Everyone. My bored, why-am-I-even-here teacher looks shocked. The kids who never noticed me are suddenly paying attention, in a freaked-out way. Now I'm actively trying to turn invisible. No such luck. When it's obvious to me that I have no juice left, I do what any mature teen would have done in the situation: I calmly walk back to my seat and sit down, ignoring the looks people are giving me. Kidding, of course. I turn and run for it. Mid-step, I shiver into invisibility again, powers having finally decided to work. Excellent timing, self. Naturally, halfway down the hall, I slam into my biology teacher. A sharp-looking, but kind enough person. Not so bad lady. She is, however, observant enough to notice that no one was in front of her before we collided, and suddenly I've appeared. Mostly, with the right side of my body still filling in. We stare at each other for a second. \"D-Dylan?\" Mrs. Rainier asks incredulously. I wish I had a witty response, like people always have in movies even under mountains of stress. I don't, so all that comes from me is a squeak before I flicker out again and flee. I'm not really conscious of where I am as I am running, only that I'm really lightheaded and shaking all over. When I stop, I am fully visible beneath a tree outside our school. And then I'm floating in a sea of black. When my eyes finally open- I've fainted, I must have- I am still under the tree. With people crowding around me. I can't have been out very long if school isn't out. The spectators are mostly my classmates, but the school nurse is there, and so is Mr. Davidson. Can't he pass up an opportunity to torment me just this once? I sit up slowly. i consider disappearing again, and I feel that special chill for a second. People's eyes widen and they begin to murmur. Well done, idiot , I think. You've proved beyond a doubt that you are nothing close to normal. Before I can summon an ice-breaker from my memories, the nurse and Mr. Davidson grab me. Nurse-lady, who I've tried to avoid for fear that any examination might show my abnormalities, says, \"Well, he's clearly stable enough to go the infirmary and see what's wrong with him.\" My blood doesn't run cold, and my heart doesn't stop either, like people say in books. But I do feel a burst of fear and horror that prompts a shiver into partial invisibility for a second. I'm still out of juice, though, so all it provokes is a brief start from my classmates in the front row. When they've got me in the infirmary, my blood pressure is tested, I get weighed, all that boring medical stuff. Finally Nurse-lady sits me down. \"Dylan, these limited instruments can't find anything immediately wrong with you. Have you been feeling okay recently? Any reason why you would be...\" She trails off, unwilling to sound crazy. Having stuck around after making sure that I was safely here, Mr. Davidson has no such issues. \"Turning invisible. That's what it is.\" My teacher's tone sounds almost disgusted, with a dash of horror. I scowl. \"Nothing's wrong with me, dude.\" I clam up. They think I'm a freak, it's clear. I'm not helping them. Davidson frowns back. \"Invisibility isn't normal. There is clearly something wrong with you.\" Nurse looks at him worriedly, but I ignore that. I burst out, \"You think I don't know that?! It just-just happens to me!\" \"What happens to you?\" The speaker is my father. He's just come to the door with my mother, who trails after him like they're tied together on a string. Maybe they are, for science. My parents are professors at the local college, and prone to random social experiments. He nods a greeting to Mr. Davidson, since they were friends in college, and gives no greeting to Nurse-lady. \"Invisibility, Robert. Your kid turns invisible on a dime .\" Davidson says. My dad smiles lightly, my mother laughing behind him. \"Good joke, but if you called us down here just for that, you should have made it better.\" The nurse, whose name, according to a sign on her desk, is Samantha Waller, laughs nervously with them. \"We can't find anything physically wrong with Dylan, but my colleague isn't joking. According to the kids in his math class, and his biology teacher, Dylan was writing a problem on the board, turned invisible, and promptly reappeared. He then ran from the classroom, invisible again, changed back when he ran into Mrs. Rainier, and was found passed out under the tree.\" My parents' friendly expressions vanish. \"The joke isn't that funny anymore, Ms. Waller.\" My mother snaps. \"We need to know if Dylan needs any medical attention.\" \"No, no, no, I'm fine without a hospital, just fine, really.\" I stammer. Living with two geniuses, you learn a lot about the world. Like the fact that people, even in America, still sometimes shun people based on skin color, on their subculture, on religion. Anything will do, if it's different. Scientists have performed horrible experiments on black people and Jewish people, because they had their rights stolen and couldn't fight back. It isn't hard to imagine that someone who can do something humanly impossible would be similarly treated. My parents look at me. Noticing my nervousness, my dad says, \"Dylan, are you really okay? You don't look okay, and I don't trust these clowns to diagnose you.\" He throws a sharp glare towards Ms. Waller and Mr. Davidson. Funny you should mention looking okay , I think. It's at that moment that embarrassment and anxiety flood me, along with a wave of cold. I go right past the appearance of clear glass that I've been partially passing into since I woke up and into full invisibility. My father jumps back, thunderstruck expression on his face. My mom actually screams. I waver back into view when she does, wincing a bit. My mom can really scream. They both sit down hurriedly on those weirdly shiny bed-things sick kids lie on. \"Wh-what? Impossible!\" My dad declares. \"Nothing can just disappear.\" He rubs his eyes. My mom just sits there in shock, staring. Might as well come clean if they've seen me do it. \"I can,\" I admit. \" Mr. Davidson looks triumphant. I swear that I can hear him say, beneath his breath, \"I knew freaks like you existed!\" \"If something gets me scared enough, or embarrassed enough...\" I curl my fingers into a loose fist and flick them out again. \"Poof. It just...happens.\" My dad sucks in his breath. \"But...impossible.\" My mother whispers. She ought to know. My mom used to work in a government think tank. Something about genetic engineering, about what traits were possible to display. I clear my throat. \"Can I go now? Please?\" When I don't get a response, I stand up and flicker out. I leave and find my parent's cars. I'll ride with my dad. He won't be in hysterics. My parents return to their cars. My dad unlocks it, and soon enough, he's taking me home. Asking questions while he does it. I can't tell if they're to himself or me. \"Why?\" \"How is this happening?\" \"What now?\" His guess is as good as mine. I pile out of the car. My stuff's at school, but whatever. No one's going to care about homework when you've just vanished in the middle of class. I play video games for the rest of the day. No multiplayer. People are trying to send me electronic messages already. I sleep when I've finished. No dinner. I've had enough life for today. So, I worked on this instead of my Young Justice story, called Old Mantle, New Mission. I bet I'll expand this too. Review please. ","Summary":" Here's a little story I whipped up while watching Zoom: Academy for Superheroes for the millionth t"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Zinith High School","Author":"Swirya Nai","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7166237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Lewis, Jessica Lynn.\" The voice called \"Here.\" I say \"My name is Max and this is Carly.\" He said pointing to himself then to the woman \"Well show us what you got.\" He said. \"First off what is your power?\" \"Mind control.\" I say timidly \"Can you give me some specifics please?\" Carly asked \"I could tell you the sky is purple and the grass is blue and you'd go outside and check.\" I began \"I can implant memories of something you'd never experienced and erase and recode memories you already have. And last but not least when I sing you, or anybody else, will come at my beck and call.\" Poor Carly looked scared. Max pointed to the platform and asked me to do a demonstration. I stepped up onto the platform and nodded my head. I decided I would start with something simple. I looked inside Carly's brain. I slowly flipped through her memories and found one I liked. I closed my eyes and found myself in her memory. She was walking down the beach with a man. It was Max! She liked him but was too shy to do anything about it. As they walked they kept getting closer and closer until they were shoulder to shoulder laughing and giggling. I closed my eyes and imagined him turning to her, him wrapping her in his strong embrace. He lowered his head to place a soft kiss on her cheek. He pulled away until she grabbed him and pulled him in for a heart stopping kiss. I let that memory process slowly. As I pulled out of her head I saw her eyes widen letting me know that the memory stuck. I turned toward Max and proceeded to ask him talk about that memory. They started discussing the memory. They fought over it for a while. I just sat there, waiting. All of a sudden it dawned on them. They turned to look at me eyes wide and asked whose memory was altered. I pointed to Carly. Next I convinced them they already let me into the school. They asked me why I was here if I was already part of the school. I asked them what they were talking about. By the time I was done they had headaches the size of Mount Rushmore. I felt bad but after a break we were right back to it. When I stepped back onto the platform the audience size had doubled. Apparently my powers had caused quite a stir in the facility. I stepped onto the platform and the room went quiet. All eyes were on me as I started to sing the theme song to Phantom of the Opera. When I hit the high note of Christine's vocal solo everyone's eyes glazed over. I kept singing as I gestured for them to stand. On cue they all rose to stand at attention. I motioned for them to join me on the platform and down they came single file onto the platform. All of a sudden I switched songs but they didn't seem to notice. I sang a remixed version of Not Afraid by Eminem. All singing no rapping, pretty good remix though if I do say so myself. It started out real slow getting them used to the new song. Toward the chorus it started to speed up and I started dancing. They followed my movements as if choreographed months in advance. By the end of the song the whole room was dancing to my song as if I was the pied piper and my voice was the flute. It ended slowly so as to pull them out of the trance. Soon they were wide awake wondering how they got from the stands to the platform. They looked at me and I just smiled and nodded my head. All they remember is me starting to sing. Good thing I taped it, they usually want to know what I did to them. After everyone had seen the tape I erased it from my camera and the people sat back down in the stands. Max and Carly again pulled me aside. \"You're in, under one condition. No mind control outside of class.\" Max said. \"Understood\" I said. \"OK follow me. I'll show you to your dorm.\" Carly said with a smile. She led me outside of the main building into another building off to the north. It was skinnier than the main building but much taller. We went into the air conditioned lobby where this short stubby black woman was sitting behind a desk. Carly faced the woman \"Hello Dianne.\" Dianne stood up from the desk and went over to Carly. \"Hey Carly.\" Carly pointed to me. \"Dianne this is Jessica.\" I stepped up \"But everyone calls me Jessi.\" Dianne smiled \"Well nice to meet you Jessi. My name is Dianne I'm your Dorm Advisor. What can I do for you?\" She asked. \"I would like an isolated dorm, please.\" I said timidly. \"Single or double?\" She asked \"Single please.\" \"My, aren't you so polite?\" \"Yes ma'am.\" Dianne smiled again. She led me to the elevator and pressed the eighth floor button. \"How many people are in this dorm?\" I asked \"I can't tell you exactly how many off the top of my head but there is enough to fill up to the sixth floor but you asked for isolated so I went with the ones that are never used. The problem is because they're not used they're never cleaned.\" She said and I smiled at her hospitality. \"That's quite alright.\" I smile as she shows me to the dirtiest mustiest most beautiful room I've ever seen.[Chapter 2] Warning gets a little racy with some adult themes. It's not intentional I tend to just let myself go and what comes out is what comes out. Don't like it, skip this chapter but you'll miss a lot of the back story. Disclaimer I own most of the characters. Everything else belongs to the incredible minds of the writers and producers of Zoom. \" Mommy I didn't do it.\" \" Of course you did. I saw you.\" \" No one can control minds mommy.\" \" Except you. You're a freak, Jessica Lynn, and always will be.\" \" I'm not a freak mommy\" I say starting to cry. Why is mommy doing this? I thought I can't control it. \" Don't try and use your power against me freakish child.\" It made all the sense in the world now as to what was going on. \"Why don't you love me mommy?\" She just stared at me as if she was trying to figure out what I was. \"Just go unnatural child and don't come back\" I turned around and ran out the door. I ran and ran. I found a little club house at the park to stay in. I made it my own and it was great. It was like playing house. At 7 I was not ready to take care of myself but I figured it out. I finished sweeping my dirt floor and went to find dinner. This was the hard part. I spent my free time picking up cans and bottles. By the time I get them all together I have over $25. It was a good day. I turned in the cans and went to the buffet. I followed a family into the restaurant and sat down near them. A waitress asked me where my mommy was. I told her she went to the bathroom and would be out soon. I smiled at her as she walked away getting what I ordered for drinks. I got two plates and brought them with me to the line and filled them up as much as I could. An hour later I was well fed but not over stuffed and had breakfast and lunch for the next day as well. I walked home late that night. It didn't feel right, not as safe. I ran to the playground. A man came up behind me and pulled me to his car. I yelled and screamed but no one seemed to hear me. He shoved me in and off we went. We reached his house and he dragged me into this dark windowless room and started to rip off my clothes… I bolted upright the memories flooding back. The police crashed the house seconds before he actually raped me. Who knew they'd been following him. 4 other girls and I were taken into custody. The 4 other girls soon left to go back to their parents. After several hours they just threw me into the foster care system. My first foster family was a little less than welcoming. They wouldn't wash my clothes and the only food I got was at school. By the time summer rolls around I was twig thin and my social worker was starting to get worried. She came to check out the house and the family obviously failed. My next foster family was a little better. The men were brutes and the women were homemakers and expected me to be one too. When I learned I wasn't any good at it they beat me until I was. But at least I was fed. The social worker had been trying to get me out of there for years. By the time I was twelve I had to wear a sweatshirt to hide my growing boobs. It was that same year that the social worker finally got me out. After that I had a family with a wife who worked all day and an alcoholic husband using her for the welfare. Which he would use for more booze and then blame me when he had no money for anything else. When he was totally blitzed out and the wife was gone he'd sit me on the couch and fondle me through my shirt. I struggled to get away but he held on kept right at it. Then he took his hand and led it to his crotch, which I proceeded to punch. I only did that once though because it ended with him shoving me back onto the couch and grabbing and fondling and fingering me intimately as if he had a right to. Much later after I had grown accustom to his treatment his wife came home and saw us and blamed me. She threw me back in the foster care system again but the last family was a lot better. It actually felt like a family. The only person I grew close to though was Dianna. She became my mom. It was while living with Dianna that I met Zeke. All of a sudden the phone was ringing. ","Summary":" \"Lewis, Jessica Lynn.\" The voice called \"Here.\" I say \"My name is Max and this is Carly.\" He "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Juliet","Author":"AnnyGurl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8262434","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Juliet walked down the halls of her school totally invisible. No one even noticed she was alive and it has been like that since she was a child. Nothing about her was extraordinary, except for one aspect. What she lacked in physical appearance she made up with talent. She could do something no one else could. Juliet could fly and destroy or heal things with her voice. Her parents have always known and they have always told her to hide it. They weren't afraid of her but more amazed. They couldn't brag about her because her grades were average as were her looks and the only thing they could brag about they couldn't tell anyone. Juliet walked into the girl's washroom at the end of school and looked at herself in the mirror. Her brown hair was painfully straight, her eyes boring brown and her skin was uncommonly pale. People often thought she was sick when she didn't look up or talk to anyone but really she was just too shy to. Today was going to be different though; her parents were taking her to area 52 after being scouted by a secret service agent. They said there was a program being made in the government for children just like Juliet and that after her audition they would tell her if she made it or not. If she didn't make it something was truly wrong with her that she wasn't even weird enough to fit in with the freaks. The trip to area 52 was way too long for Juliet and her mother who was bouncing off the seats for most of the ride but became almost comatose in the last hour out of boredom. When they pulled up her parents kissed her head and sent her in. They weren't allowed in with her and this could be their last time seeing each other in a long time. If she did get into the project group, which they call the Zenith project, then she would be living at area 52. All the kids were brought into a room and told to wait before they one by one disappeared into the audition room and never came out. One of the people in the room Juliet recognised as Dylan West who she went to school with. She never talked to him because he was the bad boy of the school but rumors about him turning invisible in the middle of math class sent the whole school into a panic mode and he hadn't been back since. Juliet wanted to go and talk to him but he was called up and went into the audition room. A very pretty red haired girl went next and then it was Juliet's turn. Sitting at the table were three people. An older man with large glasses and a white lab coat, a beautiful woman with thick glasses and a man with grey hair and a very carefree attitude that Juliet could see from the second she stepped into the room. It took her a second but she recognized him as Zoom and almost lost her mind. She was a huge fan of the comics and thought that was all made up, but seeing Zoom sitting in front of her confirmed all of her dreams. \"Name?\" The older man in a lab coat said and Juliet shook herself back to reality. \"Juliet Castor.\" \"Age?\" \"Sixteen.\" \"Power?\" Zoom said and grabbed her file from the woman and looked at it closely. \"Flight.\" She didn't feel the need to tell her about her voice yet, she didn't know how to explain how it could kill or heal. Juliet was afraid to try it because she didn't have total control over it yet. \"Okay show us.\" They all watched intently and Juliet felt nervous. She has never really been too fond of her powers and never had people ask to see it before. She slowly levitated off the ground and watched at the two in lab coats were impressed but Zoom looked bored. \"That's it? You're not flying, you're levitating. Two totally different things.\" Zoom said and grabbed the stamp that would reject her from the group. She couldn't do that and flew over and grabbed the stamp. \"I have more.\" Juliet said and Zoom let go of it. She flew around the room and stopped in mid air to look at the three of them. Once again Zoom didn't look impressed. \"In your file it says you have two powers. What's the other one?\" Juliet slowly came back to the front of the table and landed on the ground. She shifted her weight back and forth and watched as they waited in anticipation. \"My voice can heal...or kill.\" She watched their faces change from delight to fear as she said the last part. \"Kill or hurt?\" Zoom said and Juliet was a little taken back. No one had ever questioned her powers like this before. \"It hurts them but it can get to the point where it can kill or destroy something.\" \"So it works on inanimate objects as well?\" The older man asked and Juliet nodded. Zoom told her to try it out on the apply he set down on the table. He and the two doctors put on heavy duty head phones to block out her voice and everyone else was told to evacuate. Juliet had never tried anything like this before but she had done it in the past by accident. She sang a low note and as she raised the volume of it and the apple started to shake, it got to the point where the apple exploded and Juliet quickly shut her mouth and calmed herself down. Zoom gave a looked at her cautiously and she gave a thumb up to show it was safe. They took off the head phones and looked at the exploded apple all over the table and the walls. \"That was impressive.\" The female doctor said and Juliet brushed the hair out of her face and gave a shy smile. It was weird hearing anyone talk about her powers besides her parents. \"Can it do the opposite? Like bring the apple back together?\" Juliet wondered if it could and she told them to put the head phones back on. She sang the note again and the apple came mostly back together, they all looked impressed but Juliet was disappointed. She wasn't able to bring the apple back fully since it was missing about a quarter of it and almost all of the red skin on the outside. \"Welcome to the Zenith project.\" They said and stamped a green mark on her file and she was led into another waiting room and her parents showed up a few minutes later and they all embraced each other lovingly. It wasn't that Juliet disliked her parents; it was just that she was a teenager and felt that she didn't need them to watch over her all the time. But right now she didn't want them to leave her here. They said their goodbyes and Juliet was showed to her sleeping compartment. There were four other sleeping places with name tags on them. Tucker, Sally, Summer and Dylan. Juliet wondered if it was the Dylan she knew and she figured it was because in Dylan's room was a leather jacket and some huge headphones that she has seen him wearing around school. She sat on her bed and looked around trying to take in everything that had happened. She was one of them now. A real freak. She couldn't hide her powers anymore, she had to train them, perfect them and use them however the government wanted. Juliet felt used and accepted at the same time and it made her very confused.[Chapter 2] Doctor Holloway came to Juliet's sleeping chamber later that night but she pretended to be asleep so she didn't have to meet the other members of the Zenith project because she was afraid she would have the lamest power of all. She felt she was a glorified bird. When Doctor Holloway softly called out her name and Juliet ignored her the doctor left and Juliet let out a relaxed sigh. She had gone many nights without dinner just because she didn't want to talk to anyone. Her parents often said it was depression or social anxiety disorder but they were afraid to take her to the doctor in case her powers were ever found out. Now Juliet just had to wonder if she wasn't just superhuman but also just generally unbalanced. She often wondered if she were in a sick dream and one day she would just wake up and figure out the last ten years of her life was just a figment of her imagination. Juliet turned on the small light by her bed and pulled out Pride and Prejudice from her suitcase. The pages were bent and yellow while the spine had almost split down the middle. Juliet had read this story maybe a million times and the book showed it but every time she read the lines that Jane Austen had so effortlessly written and brought two very different people together into a passionate love, Juliet still cried and cheered for the characters like it was her first time. She got so pulled into the book she didn't notice the person hanging around her door \"Hey.\" A head popped into the room and Juliet bolted up but slightly relaxed it was Dylan. \"I knew I recognised you. I didn't know you had powers.\" Dylan walked into her room and Juliet shrugged not knowing what to say. Social anxiety sucks. \"So...what is it?\" He started looking through her things and as he touched a small wooden box on her bed side table Juliet jumped up and ripped it out of his hands. \"I fly. Now if you don't mind I'm busy.\" Juliet tried to push him out of the room but he was much sneakier than she thought. \"I can see that. What are you reading?\" He grabbed the book off her bed and read the worn-out title and had to repress his laughter. \"Pride and prejudice? Isn't that the movie about those British dudes with funny hats?\" Dylan tried using a terrible English accent and although he had insulted one of her most prized possessions, she couldn't help but giggle. \"The book came first doofus.\" They both laughed and Dylan finally let her get back to her book but now that she looked at it now all she could think of were men with bad English accents and funny hats. \"Maybe tomorrow.\" She said to herself and went to bed feeling a little less anxious about meeting the rest of the Zenith team. When the morning finally came Doctor Holloway came banging on their doors and everyone peeked out of their doors to see who it was. Dylan was in a loose band tee-shirt and baggy sweat pants, Summer had a tight tank top and shorts, Tucker was in boxers and a loose tee-shirt while Cindy was in a cat costume. Juliet felt a little stupid for wearing a pink night gown that stopped mid-thigh. Juliet looked to Dylan and noticed his eyes were darting from Summer back to her with a grin on his face and Juliet could feel her face heating up. \"Pervert.\" Juliet said and when Summer saw Dylan looking at them as well she rolled her eyes and locked herself in her chamber and Juliet did the same. Dylan sighed and closed the door while Tucker who was twelve and Cindy who was six were left looking at each other very confused. \"Okay now that we are all together we are going to get some training done.\" Doctor Grant and Holloway looked very excited while Zoom stood beside them picking his breakfast out of his teeth. Even during breakfast Juliet barely talked and just stared at her food hoping that it would just disappear. It wasn't that Juliet didn't like food, it's just she was so nervous that she had lost any appetite she might have had after not eating for almost twelve hours. \"Is Captain Peppy over there going to help us?\" Dylan said sarcastically nodding to Zoom and the elder just laughed. Dylan and Zoom didn't really seem to get along well from what Juliet had seen. They were always mocking each other and calling each other names but maybe it was just a guy thing. \"I'm supervising.\" Zoom replied. \"So that's a no.\" Dylan said under his breath and all the kids laughed. Juliet even let out a little chuckle and Doctor Holloway signalled for them to zip their lips. Dylan rolled his eyes and finally stopped talking so they could finally explain what was going on with the training. \"First we're going to work one-on-one with each of you to see where your full potential is and how we can bring out the deeper power inside of you that even you didn't know about.\" Juliet had no idea what Holloway was talking about with 'Deeper power' so she looked to the reflective glass around the top of the large room. She couldn't help looking at herself compared to Summer. She had soft curve, long red hair with beautiful eyes and amazing body. Juliet on the other hand was pale, long legs, boring straight hair and boring brown eyes. The yellowish orange jumpsuit they gave all of them didn't hide how skinny she was, if anything it made it most apparent as she barely filled it out. \"So that's what we're going to be doing okay?\" Holloway stopped talking and the Zenith droned back a yes. \"So first we'll start with Dylan. Everyone else has some free time to head to the class room or the practice room.\" Dylan looked to Juliet and pretended to shoot himself before being pulled away by Zoom. \"STRANGER DANGER!\" Dylan yelled out and got slapped upside the head from Zoom. The girls giggled and looked to each other awkwardly. \"Come on guys lets head to the class room. Juliet you coming along?\" Summer had taken on some sort of older sister role to the two already and she felt like she would be interrupting them. Too shy to say anything back Juliet just shook her head and headed to the practice rooms which looked like a squash court with the lines on the floor badly buffed out. Instead of practicing Juliet sat up against the wall and stared at the remnants of what use to be a fun exercise room filled with sweat and laughter. Now it was to be used by a child trying out their new found super freakness and somehow they were supposed to be proud of their achievement when they reached a new level of this freakness that put them above the other freaks. Juliet hated thinking of the others as freaks but that was what they all were. Freaks in stupid yellowish orange jumpsuits. ","Summary":" Juliet walked down the halls of her school totally invisible. No one even noticed she was alive and"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Team Work","Author":"DaniRichards","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8536405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So I was watching Zoom yesterday and have had this story running through my head since. I don't know exactly where it is going yet so bear with me. I unfortunately do not have a beta as of right now and if you find any spelling errors or grammatical mistakes please let me know so I can fix them in the future. This is my first time publishing a fanfiction so please be kind, although I would appreciate honest concrete criticism. Dylan sat quietly in his room, breathing deeply. Their last mission had really taken its toll on him. His face in his hands, he inhaled slowly, trying to regain composure. He was doing a pretty good job of hiding everything from his team, the terrible headaches and the nosebleeds. He knew that he should probably tell someone and Summer would be furious if she found out what he was hiding, but he was just too embarrassed. There were actually several times when he tried to bring it Jack or at least ask him about Marksman to see if he had any similar problems. Unfortunately, Cindy or Marsha always managed to interrupt before he got too far with any conversation. It was not that he did not trust them, but Marsha had a tendency to make a big deal out of nothing and Cindy would tell everyone. A knock came on the door. Dylan looked up quickly as it opened and Summer entered quickly, shutting the door behind her. She studied Dylan before she came and sat down. He was still in his uniform and had a funny look on his face. Summer sat down on the bed and scooted back so she was sitting right beside him. \"Is something wrong?\" Her left hand rubbed his shoulder, as her right played with her damp hair. Dylan smiled at her and shook his head. Thank goodness his headache was nearly gone and that his nose no longer had a red liquid running out of it. \"You haven't showered yet?\" It was not really a question as it was obvious he had not. He knew that she was really asking, \"Why?\" as it was what they all normally did when they got back. \"I thought I would let Tucker and Jack shower first.\" After all they only had two showers and it just short of ended up being split between the guys and girls. Summer smiled satisfied with his answer, \"I think they are probably done now.\" \"Are you trying to hint at something?\" He poked her in the side and she squirmed out of reach. Then he asked in mock offence, \"Do I smell?\" Summer bit her lip thoughtfully and then an impish grin crept onto her face, \"maybe.\" With that she bounced off the bed and out of his room.[Chapter 2] A/N: Sorry, this took so long. I have absolutely no concept of time. I started writing this and then stopped for weeks and only just realized that I hadn't done anything with it. I also hate to say this but I don't know when I am going to post again because I have decided that I am going to Nanowrimo this year and I super nervous about it as I have never done it before. So please bear with me, it may take me a while to get another chapter up but I promise I will. I have yet to quit a writing project even if it gets put on hold for a while. Thank you KayNightshade and don't worry I plan it on. Wasiliwa Star thank you for your kind words, I was worried about my description because I feel as though I suck at writing them. I do plan on continuing but unfortunately I am a slow writer and have a forgetful mind. Thank you to everyone else who anonymously read my story. If anyone has any suggestions as to where this story could go, I would be much obliged . Also, if you find any errors please let me know, my editing skills are lacking and I have yet to find a beta. Anyway, here it is! Chapter 2 Dylan ran his hand through his wet as he stared at himself in the mirror. He had been contemplating getting it cut short lately. When he asked Summer if she thought he should, all she would say was she liked his hair but it was up to him. He sighed, leaving the bathroom. He headed into the kitchen to have an afternoon meal and found that almost the whole team was gathered there. Marsha was sitting at the table with Cindy trying to convince that she wanted to eat vegetables. Tucker was sitting on one of the barstools pouring milk on his cereal. Connor appeared to be picking at a sandwich beside Tucker on another barstool. Summer was using her telekinetic powers to cook something, though he was not sure what. The only member of the team that was missing was Jack. \"Where's Jack?\" He asked Summer, pulling a granola bar out of a cupboard. It would be a good opportunity to talk to him one-on-one while everyone else was eating. \"I don't know,\" She was leaning over her cookbook with a deep look of concentration on her face, \"maybe in the garage.\" She was probably right; he liked spending a lot of time working on the ship. \"Tuning it up\" was what he liked to call it. Dylan finished his bar and headed for the garage. Sure enough Jack was working on the ship. It was floating a few feet above the ground doing this bobbing dance thing. It was kind of comical to watch. \"JACK,\" Dylan shouted and wondered whether he should tap on the ship or not. There was no need the lift came down and Dylan went up. Jack was lying on the floor with his head under one of the control panels. \"You know that Summer could do that right?\" Dylan asked crouching down beside him. \"She says there is nothing wrong with it, but I'm not fixing it, I'm making improvements,\" He poked his head out and pointed his finger at a screwdriver right beside Dylan's foot, \"Can you pass me that?\" Dylan handed him the screwdriver and then sat down leaning against the control panel. In a few moments Jack handed him back the screwdriver and asked him for a wrench. They continued exchanging tools for several minutes with nothing else said. \"Jack, how developed did your old team get with their powers before for the gamma radiation?\" He needed to slowly lead the conversation in slowly so Jack would not get suspicious. It needed to sound like he was just curious. \"Huh?\" Jack slid out from under his work area and sat beside Dylan. \"How developed did your guys' powers get before the gamma radiation?\" Dylan was making the tool box go invisible but not the tools. \"We did not get nearly as far as you did with our training. We weren't progressing fast enough,\" Jack sighed angrily. \"Did you guys get any weird symptons,\" Dylan feigned thinking for a moment, \"like Marksman and the headaches?\" \"Nothing in particular,\" Jack shrugged, \"things were a lot worse after the gamma radiation, at least, I am sure they would have gotten there had-\" \"The team survived long enough?\" Dylan offered and Jack nodded. Silence fell between them, and a few moments later Summer entered the ship. She glanced at the tools on the ground and raised an eyebrow at Jack. In response he shrugged. \"What are you guys talking about?\" Summer asked looking at the troubled look on Dylan's face. \"Training and powers,\" Jack replied as he stood up, \"Dylan just had some questions for me. Is Marsha looking for me?\" \"Yeah, she said that she wanted to go over some new training method for Tucker with you,\" She was still looking at Dylan at intently. Jack then left leaving Summer and Dylan alone in the ship. It was completely silent for several minutes before Summer decided to sit down next to him. \"Are you sure you're okay?\" She glanced sideways at him. He gave her a smirk and raised his eyebrows. \"I would almost say that you're worried.\" She folded her arms across her chest, \"maybe I am.\" \"Don't be, I'm fine,\" This time he gave her a genuine smile, \"and I was thinking that we should put this thing back together and take it out.\" This time it was her turn to raise her eyebrows, \"Are you asking me on a date?\" \"Maybe I am,\" As stood up and held out his hand. She took it smiling.[Chapter 3] A/N: Okay, so I decided that I wanted to update one more time before going on a brief leave of absence. Sorry, it isn't very long and I know it is a terrible place to stop it but I felt that I needed to post something before beginning my crazy adventurous month of November. Hopefully, I will still have a little time to update before December as I think that would generally be preferable for all of us. This Chapter ended up being more from Summer's perspective as it just made more sense, hopefully it isn't confusing. If anyone has any suggestions for where I should go with this please let me know as I am not really sure where to go with this. Again, I don't have a beta, so if you see any mistakes please let me know it would be much appreciated! KayNightshade Thank you so much for reviewing! You inspired me to update sooner rather than later. I hope you enjoy this chapter as well! Chapter 3 After fixing the ship, the couple spent an enjoyable afternoon in the mountains, followed by a nice dinner at Summer's favourite restaurant. When they returned to the base Dylan and Summer found everything in a disarray. \"Why are the alarms going off?\" Summer asked as she ran to the hanger door with Dylan hot on her heels. He just shook his head in response. The corridor was completely empty when the entered it. Everything was dark except for the red flashing lights on the walls. Nothing could be heard over the loud buzzer that kept going and going. Dylan grabbed Summer's shoulder and indicated for her to head towards the kitchen, then pointed at himself immediately followed by directing his hand in the direction of their bedrooms. Summer shook her head, yelling something inaudible and then pointed at her head. He stared at her for a moment and then sat down against the wall. His eyes become unfocused as he used his mind-sight. Slowly he made his way down the hall in his mind as Summer crouched down in front of him. A sharp pain flashed through the front of his head and then it turned into a dull ache that he gradually grew. He searched the entire base and found that it was completely empty. Jack, Marsha, Connor, Tucker and Cindy were no where to be found. He started heading outside to look but stopped as the pain became too great. He closed his eyes and let his head fall into his hands for support. He took slow breaths to try and soothe the pain. Summer looked at her boyfriend concerned, even without her empathy she could tell that he was in a lot of pain. She tried to ask him what was wrong but gave up as it was more than obvious that he could not hear her. She stood up and pulled at his arm. He stood up at let her lead him through the halls as he stumbled every so often. At one point he reached up and touched face and realized that his nose was bleeding again. Before long, Dylan realized that Summer had lead them back into the hanger where she started the ship up again and they took off out the base. Dylan sat on the floor trying to keep his headache under raps as Summer drove and tried to contact Jack or any other member of their team to no avail. She looked back at Dylan and saw that his form had slumped over. Her breath quickened as she tried to remember where the nearest hospital was. She softly landed the ship in the middle of her high football field and hurried over to Dylan. She stuck her hand in front of his face and felt a rush of air on her skin. She sighed and put two of her fingers to her neck, there was a slight pulse. Summer decided to try her communicator again before taking off again. At first she received nothing. But suddenly the very frightened voice of Cindy came through. It was cutting in and out, and Summer had a difficult time deciphering what she was saying. \"...Tucker said that...psssh...and Jack didn't...psssh...Summer where are...psssh...\" And then it went dead again. ","Summary":" A/N: So I was watching Zoom yesterday and have had this story running through my head since. I don'"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Celebratory Plate Smashing","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10924799","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These characters are not mine. \"Nemea\" is purely fictional. Frobisher/Sixsmith. AU Modern. Robert Frobisher and Rufus Sixsmith are at dinner at a Greek restaurant and Frobisher has a little surprise for Sixsmith. Also features bellydancers and plate smashing. Inspired by the scene where they smash a shop full of ceramics and crockery. Celebratory Plate Smashing \"Darling, I can't believe that you would take me to Nemea! This is lovely!\" Rufus Sixsmith gushed as he gazed fondly across the table at Robert Frobisher, his boyfriend of six years as of that evening. \"Anything for you, dearest Sixsmith,\" Frobisher gazed at Sixsmith with an identical expression. \"It's quite expensive, though,\" Sixsmith's smile flickered with some anxiety as he remembered the prices, \"I hope that this doesn't wipe us out.\" Robert, as a music teacher and composer, did not earn the highest of salaries and Rufus did well enough as a rising physicist to pay the bills, but they both still worried about money. \"You are more than worth it, my love,\" Frobisher smiled reassuringly as he laced their hands together, \"I want so much to treat you, for once.\" Sixsmith relaxed as he gazed into his boyfriend's sea-green, velvet eyes. Still, he couldn't help but notice that Frobisher seemed slightly anxious; he'd seen him speaking at length with a few servers and the manager and Sixsmith couldn't help but wonder what was happening. Still, he didn't want to risk ruining the evening in this lovely restaurant and decided to give his capricious sweetheart the benefit of the doubt. Sixsmith complimented the servers on the salata octopodi as did Frobisher on the horiatiki before their respective main courses of moussaka and xiphias arrived. The wine and ouzo were as exquisite as the main courses and complemented the food magnificently. As the plates were cleared away, Rufus couldn't help but notice that Robert had gone quiet. \"Robert? Darling, has something been troubling you? You've seemed a bit nervous this evening,\" Rufus gazed deep into Robert's emerald eyes with his own inquisitive cornflower eyes, searching for an answer. Robert blushed slightly and smiled, \"No, Sixsmith, everything is fine. I just want to say how much I love you and how grateful that I am that you have put up with my manic habits and my madness… you have been so patient with me…! \"This anniversary, this evening has been wonderful, but there is only one thing more that I want from it,\" Robert's eyes were uncharacteristically glassy as he produced a small, velvet box from his pocket. Rufus froze, speechless; was Robert doing what he thought he was doing? \"Sixsmith, my darling Rufus, would you do the honor of becoming my husband? I want very much to spend the rest of our lives together…!\" Robert looked so intensely vulnerable as he opened the box, revealing a simple but beautiful silver ring set with a sapphire as blue as the sky, \"Will you marry me, Dearest?\" Rufus felt as though he couldn't breathe. He wanted to laugh, to cry for joy, to scream… \"Yes-!\" he squeaked, blushing as his eyes brimmed, \"Yes, of course I will-!\" Robert's face seemed like it would split in half from the huge smile that spread across it, his nervousness abating. They clasped hands, half-laughing and half-sighing with relief and sheer joy. Rufus swiped at his eyes, \"I- I don't know what to say-!\" Two servers appeared at their table with a plate of baklava with fig ice cream and wearing smiles that rivaled those of the newly engaged couple. The plate had \"Congratulations!\" written in chocolate syrup on the rim. Rufus gaped, floored as Robert answered, \"Yes, this is what I was doing all evening, my love.\" \"And I could not think of a more romantic gesture than this!\" The female server beamed, wiping her eyes. \"This was awesome, mate,\" agreed her male cohort, \"I wish you both nothing but happiness in the years ahead!\" Suddenly, the hostess appeared on the dance floor to announce the beginning of the belly-dancing. As the dancers took their positions, the hostess also announced, \"Tonight, this show we dedicate to Robert Frobisher and Rufus Sixsmith for their engagement!\" She beamed as she raised a glass in their direction, \"Congratulations, gents!\" The applause was unbelievable. The diners at the tables around theirs raised their glasses in congratulations; even the dancers were applauding. A loud crash began the dance as one of the women smashed a plate on the floor, \"Opa!\" she exclaimed. Several servers brought out tall stacks of plates, encouraging the diners to join. The smashing of crockery soon filled the room as the dancers wriggled and shook, adding to the drama of the evening what would have been sensuous and had become pure exuberance. Suddenly, Frobisher was on the floor dancing with one of the dancers, perfectly matching her every move. The diners at the nearby tables laughed in surprise and applauded appreciatively before Sixsmith joined him with several plates. \"Opa!\" the restaurant cried in unison as the newly engaged couple smashed the plates they held. Rufus beamed as they rode home from the restaurant, \"Robert, you spoke of how I put up with your madness… you're the most romantic,\" his voice caught in his throat as he tried to control his emotions, \"The most passionate, most sensuous, most sensitive man that I have ever met…! There is no way that I merely tolerate you, especially since you have made me the happiest man alive tonight…!\" \"No, that would have to be me,\" Robert smiled wryly, \"You have no idea how happy that I am that you said 'yes'! I am the happiest man alive~!\" Rufus sniggered as Robert pulled him in for a kiss. \"It might not be the Corsican stars that we met under,\" Robert crooned, \"But I would not trade this for anything.\" \"Nor would I, my love…!\" Rufus murmured. ","Summary":" These characters are not mine. \"Nemea\" is purely fictional. Frobisher/Sixsmith. AU Modern. Robert"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"The Everyday Life of Sixsmith","Author":"Knight Royale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12662425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I met Sixsmith in one of my art courses during the summer of 1931. He was a hard person to read so one day I sat next to him in class. I wanted to know more about him because he seemed interesting to me. I opened up the conversation by asking why he was at this college. The conversation was light but I was determined to get to know him better. I continued to sit next to him in class and eventually the conversation grew more interesting as our friendship grew. Soon our conversations were more intimate and he begins to tell me about his life and I in turn tell him about mine. I guess we just needed to break the ice and soon we were meeting for coffee at the college café. I tell him of my mother and father who were middle class farmers and how they lived off the land. Me being their only child, they taught me how raise livestock and cultivate the land we lived on. When I told them I had received my acceptance letter from college they were overjoyed saying that they were proud to have a son like me. I would be the first to attend college in my family. \"After I had told them they through the biggest going away party I have ever seen. It was so much fun that I didn't want to leave.\" I told Sixsmith. Sixsmith parents both came from wealthy families and were well educated which meant he was raised in an upper-class family. They taught him that money was everything and helps the world spin in this new era of industry. They hired tutors to teach him about the ways of business and government. They wanted him to achieve their dream of being a governor in London when he grew up. His parents were overbearing and demanding of his respect. He didn't want this life but didn't seem to have a choice. They chose his college for him and he knew if he didn't say something he would be forced to live the life they chose for him. He decided he would apply to a college of his choice behind their back. His parents were angry with him and threatened not to pay for his education. He said he didn't care and didn't need their money. They were not proud of this decision and tried to persuade him to change his mind. He however was determined to follow his dream and not his parents. He knew even though he challenged their authority and they seemed to let him go they would still be watching him. The friendship between us grew and we enjoyed being with each other. I had never been good at relationships but Sixsmith made it easy. I just was relaxed and had fun being around him. He taught me good friends stood by one another and could be trusted even with the most intimate details of one another's life. We soon found a mutual fondness for practical jokes and one day froze some our science professor's bugs that he kept in the class for experiments and made them into ice cubes. We then proceeded to put the ice cube bugs into his drink the next day. As the ice started to melt he saw the bugs floating in his drink and shrieked before heading to the bathroom to throw up. The relationship I had with Sixsmith was becoming very special to me. One day Sixsmith told me about another friend of his. He began to reveal to me a relationship with a person named Robert. Robert was brilliant man who had been born to a low-class family. Sixsmith was honestly surprised that such a man could exist in such difficult circumstances. When he first met Robert, he paid no attention to him but Robert always tried to gain his attention. Then one day he gave in and decided to talk to him which went against all his parents' beliefs and morals. They always told him that low-class citizens were nobodies and a disease that plagued their city. Yet there he was talking to some low-class scumbag not caring what his family or anyone else thought of him. \"This would've been one of the many times that I would disobey my parents' ideals of the world. Quite frankly I didn't care about their new opinion of me and Robert's relationship.\" Sixsmith had said. He became fond of Robert immediately and their friendship grew. I know from our conversations he is more than just his friend. He trusts me as he tells me of the intimate details of their life together. He discusses the letters that he'd been receiving from Robert. Each one he's read talks about how Robert is working and living at Zedelghem. I've heard about Vivyon Ayrs before, I read that he was a great composer back in the day but has lost his touch in his senior years. To learn that Sixsmith's friend Robert was studying under Vivyon Ayrs' wing astounded me. Sixsmith revealed to me the special relationship he had with Robert and didn't want Robert to leave him and work for the composer. He knew; however, it was Robert's dream to be a composer himself and working at Zedelghem with Vivyon Ayrs would help him accomplish his dream. He told Sixsmith he would write to him and keep him informed of his work at Zedelghem. He would not be gone forever and promised to be come back to him. Sixsmith is glad for his friend but sad he must leave him. As the term ended I had a feeling Sixsmith would be off to find his friend. He knew Robert had left the composer's house and was now on his own. He wasn't sure how he was living and how much money he had. Robert sounded desperate to finish the work he was writing and Sixsmith had to find out what was happening to his friend. I tried to tell him everything was going to be alright but he said goodbye anyway and we parted ways. I hope Sixsmith finds his friend well. I thought their story was incredible because they kept a healthy long distance relationship. I began to envy Sixsmith and his close relationship with Robert. Relationships have always been hard thing for me to have because the friends that I made always seem to be heading in different directions than me. But with Sixsmith he could do it without even trying. I makes me wonder what would've happened if I had met Sixsmith early in my life. Would I have been better with relationships now then I was back then in my youth? Or would nothing happen and would my life still be the same as it was today? Either way I'm happy to have met Sixsmith and learn about his life story. I believe we were meant to meet and I am a better friend because of the relationship I had with Sixsmith. His life touched mine and I in turn can develop long lasting relationship with the people I meet. ","Summary":" I met Sixsmith in one of my art courses during the summer of 1931. He was a hard person to read so "},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Una última carta para Robert Frobisher","Author":"The Candy Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12902419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola a todos, aquí The Candy Girl! con este One shot de una de mis novelas/películas favoritas: el Atlas de las nubes. Esta es mi pareja favorita del libro, y realmente me gustaría que fueran felices. a diferencia de muchas personas, que siempre viven en eterna batalla de que fue mejor si el libro o la película, a mi me encantan ambas versiones, y si solamente han visto una de ellas, les recomendó de todo corazón que vean la película o lean el libro, porque chicos, todo esta conectado. no tengo nada mas que agregar pero el momento, espero lo disfruten. ... Sixsmith tomo la vieja carta entre sus manos y la miró. Sabía lo que decía exactamente a pesar de que solo la había leído un par de veces antes de sellarla, aunque jamás la envió. Su breve y reciente encuentro con Luisa Rey había cambiado algo en él, lo suficiente para que, por un momento, llegara a ver en los ojos de aquella periodista, el mismo fulgor que solo podría desprender de Robert Frobisher: su amante quien había muerto medio siglo atrás. Era extraño. Hacía más de una década que Rufus Sixsmith no sentía semejante calidez en su interior. Y no es que su pequeña pero adorable vida familiar con su sobrina no le alegrase, pero en su contacto había ocurrido algo; una chispa, un destello fugaz de algo que creía haber perdido u olvidado tiempo atrás; un cometa burlón que volvía a su vida recordándole uno de los mejores sentimientos que podían existir en el universo. Rufus Sixsmith se había enamorado de Luisa Rey. Mientras salida de su habitación, rumbo a lo que sería su último destino, el científico parafraseo unas palabras provenientes de uno de sus mayores tesoros: las cartas de Robert Frobisher escritas medio siglo atrás: \"Creo que hay otro mundo esperando por nosotros, y yo estaré esperando ahí por ti.\" Sonrió para sí mismo, sin poder evitar sonrojarse ante sus pensamientos románticos. Robert Frobisher había sido su mejor amigo, amante secreto y quizás uno de los mejores compositores olvidados por la historia moderna, quien nunca pago sus deudas, mas siempre cumplió sus promesas, incluso medio siglo después, a través de un cometa. ….. Entre todas las cartas que Luisa Rey recibió de Megan Sixsmith, había una que no estaba abierta, una que no había sido enviada, y que Luisa Rey tuvo el lujo de leer por primera vez. …. Para el Señor Frobisher, quien espero lea esto antes de mi arribo de R. Sixsmith; En un tren en medio de la nada rumbo a ti (porque sé que te encantará leer eso) Si la felicidad es un derecho, ¿Por qué no puedo hacerla junto a ti? ¿Por qué me dejaste en primera instancia? Yo, una mente de ciencias, y tú, un alma del arte, ¿es por ello que crees que mis sentimientos jamás serán correspondidos por una mente tan cavilosa como la tuya? Puede que eso que dices sea cierto, que soy un idiota y que no lo comprendería, pero te confesare el día de hoy, a través de estas palabras que, pese a que no te comprenda del todo, no habrá nadie, absolutamente nadie, que pueda explicar con tanta exactitud el amor que surge en mi al verte. Esto es lo que la ciencia me permite ver: cómo eres necesario para mis cálculos de la felicidad y tú, mientras tanto, sigues en tu mundo de nubes, flotando encima de mi sin poder apreciar de cerca la lógica de nuestra pasión. Por qué te he de decir, que el arte también puede ser exacto; sino ve y mira de vuelta tu música otra vez. Ve y obsérvala detenidamente. Tu música también es ciencia, y el pensar en ese pequeño detalle cada noche hace que pueda creer que tal vez tú y yo si pudiésemos coexistir juntos, alma mía. Te necesito. Te extraño. Te amo. ¿Por qué no abandonas ya esa idea absurda? Deja Brujas y vuelve a mí. Es verdad, no te entiendo del todo cuando te pones a hablar de compositores, claves, tonos y semitonos; no comprendo acerca de tus acordes, y contrapunto que tanto mencionas, incluso hay veces que te encuentro tan distante en las frases que acuñas a mi lado. Pero si comprendo que tocas con el corazón y que compones de una manera tan maravillosa que hasta el mismísimo atlas soltaría el mundo solo para aplaudir tu música. Cuando tocas ocurre un sinergismo dentro de las personas que el deleite de tus melodías hace que el mundo se vuelva más brillante, las personas más bellas, y el entorno se vuelva delicioso; pero cuando lo haces solo para mí, es tan maravilloso que haces que me abstraiga incluso de mis propias ecuaciones, que me quiera levantar de mi asiento y fundirme contigo una vez más; cuando tocas para mí, haces que quiera sonreír mas, que no me importe lo que piensen los demás. Tu música hace que sienta una supernova en mi corazón y que no importa si el final llega mañana, mientras que estés a mi lado, es posible sortear todo tipo de azares. Y todo esto no lo digo porque te amo. Ni porque te extraño, ni porque te necesito. Te lo digo porque es verdad. Y tu bien lo sabes, sino en primera instancia ¿Por qué crees que habría pagado todas tus deudas? ¿Amistad sincera? Más bien amor sincero, eterno, profundo y algo tonto, que estoy cansado de callar. Tal vez mañana me anime a enviarte esta carta para que al fin despiertes y te des cuenta como me destrozas cada vez que me mandas una carta hablando de tus amantes. Recuérdalo, a pesar de ser una mente de ciencias, aún tengo un espíritu que se desvive por amarte a cada segundo, aun pese que no estés a mi lado. En ocasiones como estas me gustaría ser como tú, tan despistado y pasar de noche por estos sentimientos que se están volviendo una carga demasiado pesada sin saber qué es lo que realmente piensas. Y si es así, si mañana logro enviarte estas letras, te pido que no pierdas la mejor oportunidad de tu vida y vuelvas conmigo a Cambridge, donde podrás seguir componiendo a mi lado y yo seguir experimentando -incluso te prometo, amor mío, que mi primer gran descubrimiento llevará tu nombre grabado en letras doradas-; creceremos juntos, envejeceremos juntos. Yo continuaré con mis cálculos y tú compondrás una sinfonía a mi nombre, que estoy seguro que no te costara nada: la ajustarás en medida de mi cuerpo, tocándolo, fácilmente la escribirás; escribiremos la mejor opera jamás vista. Lo sé, lo sabemos. Siempre tuyo. Sixsmith. … Luisa Rey quedo pasmada. Lagrimas empezaron a rodar a través de sus mejillas. Había sido una idiota al abrir esta carta. Robert Frobisher había sido un idiota. Rufus Sixsmith había sido un idiota al no enviar esa carta. Sin embargo, una cierta sensación de calidez y vacío le rodeo. Finalmente estarían juntos después de la larga espera, sin embargo, ¿quién estaría con ella? ¿Quién llenaría la soledad de su corazón? Hacía ya un año del escándalo del reactor de Buenas Hierbas y el proyecto HYDRA. En la ciudad, El sol brillaba maravillosamente y en su tocadiscos sonaba la melodía del atlas de las nubes. Antes de apagar el aparato, se preguntó a ella misma si el sexteto estaría inspirado en el físico, aunque en el fondo ella muy bien sabia la respuesta. La joven reportera acomodo su cabello en el espejo, al tiempo que miraba de reojo su lunar en el cuello, y lo cubría acomodando el cuello de su blusa. De pequeña, siempre había soñado que aquella marca le señalaba su destino, y ahora su versión adulta, simplemente lo pensaba en secreto. ¿Acaso todas aquellas aventuras del año pasado habían sido atraídas por la atracción del destino hacia su estrella?, ¿o quizá sería la marca de los restos de una vida pasada? Luisa suspiró, el leer la correspondencia ajena de un amor tan intenso había aflorado por unos minutos su lado romántico. La periodista no pudo evitar echar una maldición al aire, antes de secar sus lágrimas, buscar su bolso y salir nuevamente a buscar un reportaje exitoso. –Ahora es mi turno de terminar mi vida a medias. –dijo para sí misma Luisa, dejando con cariño y cuidado la carta un entregada. – Descanse señor Sixsmith. Tengo fe en que sus palabras le han llegado a su cometa. …. Gracias por leer esta corta historia. Para mi El atlas de las nubes/Cloud Atlas es perfecto tal cual es, si bien me hubiese encantado que tuvieran un desenlace diferente, al final sabemos que ambos cometas se encontraron y eso, me da paz y es lo que me hizo enamorarme de esta historia. tanto en el libro como en la película mencionan que Luisa Rey es tentativamente la reencarnación de Robert Frobisher, Siempre me ha gustado esa idea y por eso decido continuarla aquí, siendo que al leer la carta Luisa, esta llega a su destinatario. Me gusta la idea de que Luisa tenga una vida plena, aunque solitaria, como la que le toco vivir a Sixsmith. Les recomiendo que lean los demás libros disponibles de David Mitchell, un grandioso escritor, creador de este gran universo. Y espero que les haya gustado esta carta no entregada de Sixsmith, la cual escribí hace mucho tiempo, cuando termine de leer el libro y vi la película, la cual creía que había perdido con el archivo de una computadora que tristemente tuvieron que formatear, pero que rescate de entre los archivos de una memoria que encontré en casa. Un pequeño detalle para honrar a una de mis historias favoritas que debía compartir desde hacia mucho tiempo atrás. Si conocen a alguien mas que ame Cloud atlas, y les gusto este fan fic, no duden en compartirlo y dejar un review para saber que estoy haciendo bien mi trabajo. Se despide su autora, quien escucha en estos momentos El sexteto de Robert Frobisher. The Candy Girl! ","Summary":" Hola a todos, aquí The Candy Girl! con este One shot de una de mis novelas/películas favoritas: el "},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"All the Faces of Love","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10951131","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing, not the characters, the song, or Cloud Atlas . Robert Frobisher/Rufus Sixsmith. Songfiction. Sixsmith reaches Frobisher in time and stops his suicide attempt. Appalled that Robert thinks that things would be better if he was dead, Rufus adamantly tells Robert that his suicide would have destroyed him. Frobisher had not made any sexual advances toward Ayrs, but he has not been without trouble. Charles Aznavour really made an impact with his song \"Tous les Visages de l'Amour\" (\"All the Faces of Love\"); some might recognize Elvis Costello's English-language version, \"She\", featured in the film \"Notting Hill\". This song sounds so perfect for Frobisher and Sixsmith, in music and message…! Even though the song's lyrics are addressing a woman, that's just a minor snag. All the Faces of Love Rufus Sixsmith could not believe what he had just prevented. He'd arrived in the Low Countries to try to help his beloved Robert Frobisher in the midst of a crisis regarding Vivian Ayrs and he found Robert alone in a dingy hotel with a pistol in his hand. Sixsmith silently gave thanks that he'd found his lover in time, feeling like all his blood had drained from him through his ankles. Returning to reality, he found his voice and confronted Frobisher. \"You bloody fool, you were going to kill yourself?! What in God's name do you think you're doing?!\" Frobisher flinched at the accusation, but quickly spat, \"You wouldn't understand, Sixsmith.\" Sixsmith looked even more incredulous, \"I 'wouldn't understand'?! What does that bloody mean? You could have escaped your trouble with Ayrs here and come back to the safety of Britain!\" Tears pricked at Sixsmith's eyes and quickly cascaded down his cheeks, but he didn't care, \"How could you do this?! I love you more than I can ever say and…!\" He drew a shuddering breath, \"How could you do something so selfish?\" \"Selfish?\" Frobisher grumbled, \"Sixsmith, I feel hollow. Like the \"Cloud Atlas Sextet\" is the greatest work that I could ever achieve. I could never compose anything even near that caliber again… what's the point of living if I can't?\" Sixsmith reeled, \"Don't you think that I would notice your absence?! I've felt your absence since you left Cambridge for Zeitgheim… I hate to think of what you've suffered, not just with Ayrs but with everything that you told me about your family life.\" Frobisher scoffed at the mention of his family. They had long suspected that he was queer and had made many scathing innuendos about it throughout his adolescence. As if it wasn't enough that in the fleeting moments that men of the Oscar Wilde sort were discussed, they were described as effeminates, as frivolous quasi-women. That such men were not truly men but a disgrace and an abomination. \"I want to help you, Robert…!\" Sixsmith implored him, red-eyed. \"Help me? How? You're a scientist, but you're not a doctor. Don't try to save someone who is beyond rescue…! Look at me; disgraced, broke, disowned, alone…!\" Sixsmith gritted his teeth and grabbed Frobisher by the shoulders, \"Don't shut me out, Robert. Suicide isn't the answer to your problems! Talk to me! Tell me what it is that's troubling you.\" Sixsmith pulled Frobisher into a tight embrace, sobbing, \"I don't know what I'd do if I lost you…! Whatever happens, darling, please don't think that death is your only answer!\" \"The boundaries between life and death are but convictions, my dear Sixsmith.\" Robert mutters. Sixsmith squeezes him tighter. \"Robert, stay within that boundary for once in your life…! Don't you think I would notice if you were gone?\" \"Sixsmith, I-\" \"I want you to be happy, Robert! Please believe me when I say that you have more to offer than the Sextet…!\" Robert was speechless. The sound of his lover sobbing into his shoulder made him realize just how reckless that he'd been, how little that he valued himself. \"You're not alone, my love. You have me…!\" Rufus tried to reassure Robert, \"If you're broke and disowned, then I'll face that challenge with you. Please don't go where I can't follow you…! \"I love you, Robert. I want you to be happy. You deserve to be happy…!\" Robert gingerly slid into the embrace, \"Sixsmith, I'm sorry…! I never wanted to frighten you.\" Rufus slid a hand through Robert's raven curls, \"I've never known anybody like you, Robert. You amaze me every day. I listen to your music and I wish that I could compose half as well as you can.\" Robert withdrew from the embrace and looked Rufus in the eye, \"You truly wish that?\" \"I might be good at physics and indeed I enjoy the sciences, but I have also longed to play and compose music,\" Rufus was flushed and red-eyed, \"With you, I get to hear some of the most beautiful music… you're so romantic with me that I swear that it's a dream sometimes… and I cannot begin to say how happy and how fortunate that you are real, that I have you in my life.\" Robert smiled slightly, \"You always were sentimental, Sixsmith,\" he remarked flippantly, out of habit. Rufus winced and Robert went pale, \"I'm sorry, dearest-! I'm not accustomed to hearing somebody saying such sweet things to me.\" Rufus gazed at Robert with watery, glassy eyes, \"I want you to understand and accept how amazing that you are, Robert. You make me want to be the best that I can be,\" he cradled Robert's face in his hands, \"I look forward to every morning because I miss you when you're asleep.\" Robert, unaccustomed to receiving such tenderness, was again dumbstruck. Rufus eagerly awaited mornings because he missed him? Robert knew that Rufus had missed him in this journey to the Low Countries, but to hear that Rufus looked forward to awakening to his face sent a jolt of determination through him. Rufus wasn't sure how Robert would respond to his outpouring of emotion and it frightened him. Would Robert simply brush it off? Would it register on some level, at least? It was agony that he didn't know. What more would it take for Rufus to convince Robert that he was valued, that he was important to his lover, that he mattered? Rufus tried to prepare himself for whatever Robert's answer would be, unsure of how he would proceed but becoming fully willing to fight for the man he loved, regardless of the type of fight that it would be. Robert sighed as he returned to the embrace, exhausted by the drama of the afternoon. \"You're not going to let me go without a fight, are you Sixsmith?\" Robert remarked as he whispered into Rufus' ear, \"And while I know that you're not naïve, I can see that you're fully prepared to do anything to save me…\" his voice broke, suddenly overwhelmed by emotion as he realized what he'd done to Rufus, \"And I can't begin to thank you…! Thank you for believing in me, in wanting my redemption…! I always thought that I loved you more than you loved me, and now that you've shown me just how wrong that I was…! Oh god, I'm shaking…!\" They hugged as tightly as they could without hurting each other, both men crying in relief, for Rufus that he'd reached Robert and for Robert that Rufus saw the value in him and wanted him to be happy. \"I'm afraid, my Rufus…!\" Robert whispered anxiously, \"Both of us know that it will be an enormous undertaking to restore my reputation and my finances…!\" \"I'm not leaving you, darling,\" Rufus was insistent, \"I'm not going to leave you to do this alone…! I'm also afraid, but promise me that you won't harm yourself.\" Robert hesitantly nodded, \"For you I won't pull any more antics like this, but I'm afraid of what is to come\" \"I'm afraid too, darling, but if we're going to be walking a tightrope over a bed of fire we can at least hold onto each other.\" The reunited lovers shared a slow, sensuous kiss, reassured that they were together again and that they would stand together regardless of what hardships would lie in store. ","Summary":" I own nothing, not the characters, the song, or Cloud Atlas . Robert Frobisher/Rufus Sixsmith. Song"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Dreadfully jealous","Author":"Cohava","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11080424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Frobisher, I am sorry for the delay in my answer. Have been v. busy lately –we are conducting a new experiment and I have been asked to take charge of the project. It is v. exciting; would tell you more about it, but I suspect you wouldn't care all that much, with everything that is happening to you. My sincerest congratulation for winning yet another fair maiden's heart. I am tempted to ask what you have planned to do with her Mother, but I know better –you haven't the farthest idea, have you? And doubtless you will charm your way out this awkward situation like so many others before. Anyway, I am sure you will keep me well informed. Dreadfully jealous, you say? I am, indeed jealous –you \"know how it is\" as well as I do. One cannot control one's feelings. Rest assured: I won't bother you with wailing recriminations, or even the dreaded L. word. Just do me a favour, will you? If any trouble arises, do not hesitate to ask for my help. Yes, I know I am irritating you. You think there is no reason to worry, and I shouldn't fuss over you so but, please, indulge an old friend. Not everyone's jealousy is as harmless as mine is. Sincerely, R.S. ","Summary":" Frobisher, I am sorry for the delay in my answer. Have been v. busy lately –we are conducting a new"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Love Who You Love","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10951113","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing, not the characters, the song, or Cloud Atlas . Robert Frobisher and Rufus Sixsmith are reincarnated in the modern world and become reacquainted with each other. While Rufus is somewhat hesitant at first, as he senses what unfolded in their previous lives, he soon recognizes just how deep that their feelings are for each other. Christian Andreason's songs and his beautiful voice, especially in \"Love Who You Love\", just strikes me as so perfect for this couple. Love Who You Love \"I'm Robert Frobisher,\" the youthful man with thick, sable curls introduced himself. \"Rufus Sixsmith,\" Sixsmith extended his hand, taken by the beauty of this man before him. Frobisher, rather than shake hands, took Sixsmith's hand and kissed it. \"Enchanté, Monsieur,\" Frobisher's gesture made Sixsmith blush and he went weak in the knees. \"A bit bashful, aren't you Sixsmith?\" Frobisher remarked with a wry smile. Sixsmith returned the smile, speechless. He couldn't help himself, but he sensed that he'd somehow experienced this before with the same kind of person, even if nothing in his memory registered. \"Guilty,\" Sixsmith shrugged coyly, \"I also can't help but sense that we've met before.\" \"D'you suppose?\" \"I don't know, but there's something about you that seems so familiar… like we knew each other in a past life, if that makes any sense.\" Frobisher cocked an eyebrow and watched the handsome blond before him with some amusement, \"It does.\" Sixsmith blushed, \"I hope that I haven't made you uncomfortable!\" The lanky brunet smiled reassuringly, \"You haven't at all. I've actually thought the same thing: like this has not been the first time that we've met…\" The two men spent the rest of the evening in the club dancing and chatting like old friends, hardly believing that they had only met that evening. \"This evening has been amazing, Robert…! I'm actually at a loss for words…!\" Robert smiled, \"The evening doesn't begin to compare to you, Rufus. I don't know why I find you so incredibly adorable, but I do.\" Rufus blushed even more intensely and he shivered, smiling like he'd found a part of him that was missing. But he couldn't help thinking that something was amiss. Like something in a previous life had gone horribly wrong, and he wondered if this newfound friendship was becoming a romance faster than it should. \"Rufus?\" Robert's fond expression became quizzical as he noticed that the other man had become withdrawn, almost afraid. \"I'm sorry, Robert,\" Rufus blurted, \"I'm just a bit anxious about this… I don't know why, but I am.\" Robert's cocky, self-assured countenance faltered slightly, \"Is it something that I've said?\" \"No, you haven't done anything at all,\" Rufus gazed at him apologetically, \"I like you… I really like you a lot… I just…!\" \"You just what, Rufus?\" Robert's jade eyes stared into Rufus' cornflower eyes, like he was searching for an answer. \"I know that all of this business about past lives seems silly, but I can't help thinking that in a previous life that something terrible happened to us…!\" Robert was silent for a moment, thoughtful, \"It's not silly. If you have a legitmate concern then it's not silly. Do you have any idea of what this terrible incident could have been?\" \"I don't know…\" Rufus was thoughtful, \"It's so strange that I have this undefined fear that I can't articulate… especially since I find myself irresitiably attracted to you, Robert.\" A gentle smile crossed Robert's luscious lips, \"And I find myself irresistibly attracted to you, Rufus.\" His flirtacious tone was somehow comforting at the same time and Rufus' heart jumped as Robert took his hand, squeezing it reassuringly. \"I find myself falling hopelessly in love with you, Rufus Sixsmith. I feel like I've always known you… if you want to take this slowly, then I don't want to push you into something that you don't want.\" Rufus was as red as a rose in the summer, overcome with emotion. Robert Frobisher, a handsome music teacher and aspiring composer, was declaring that he was enamoured of him. Rufus knew that this budding romance was growing faster than he expected and that he should exercise caution. On top of that understandable anxiety was this odd sense of foreboding, this sense that they had known each other in a previous life and that something very bad had happened to one or even both of them. Rufus could not be sure, but he sensed that a suicide had parted them long ago. All that he knew was that he inexplicably felt deeply for the survivors of suicide was passionately dedicated to suicide prevention. He had volunteered on a suicide prevention helpline for several years and, even though he didn't know most of the callers personally, he felt as though he had lost somebody dear to him. Rufus didn't know what he should think, and he thought that he was being quite rash in falling for somebody so quickly. But somehow, for some reason he could not explain, he felt unbreakable ties to Robert Frobisher, a man who he had just met this past evening and yet whom he found irrestistably handsome, charming, and deeply resonant in his soul. A tear streaked Rufus' face, a sight that startled Robert. \"Rufus? What's wrong, love?\" The words that left his tongue startled him just as much as the sight of this beautiful man crying silently before him, but he found that he truly felt the sentiment. Rufus realized what had happened and hastily swiped at his cheek, \"Oh- it, it's nothing~! I'm sorry, Robert, I don't know what came over me-!\" To the blond's surprise and immense relief, Robert squeezed his hand and caressed his cheek, \"You have nothing to apologize for.\" From somewhere deep in his soul, Robert sensed that he had ended one of his previous lives by his own hand. He shivered as it occurred to him that Rufus might have been the one who found his body. \"Don't cry, Darling,\" Robert soothed, \"Whatever happened in the past, whoever we might have been, I don't want to see you so sad. I know that it's too soon to say that I love you, but I do…! I feel like I've always known you, like I've found a missing part of myself and I don't want to lose you again.\" Rufus' eyes spilled over his cheeks, \"I- I don't know what to say, Robert…! I feel like I've found a missing part of myself too, that I lost you before and I'm afraid that it will happen again.\" Robert smiled as he took Rufus' face into his hands, thumbs swiping the tears away, \"You don't have to worry about that, Darling. I'm not going anywhere and I don't intend to now that I've found you.\" \"'Darling'… I don't know what to say, Robert…!\" Rufus squeaked, \"I know that we've only met each other just this evening, but I can't imagine living out my life without you.\" Surprising himself, Robert pulled Rufus into a hug. Both of them were surprised, but they didn't want it to stop. Although they were both aware of how aroused that they were, both men also felt the urge to protect each other and support each other through any trials. Their lips met in a gentle kiss that quickly ignited into one of great passion. Breaking the kiss, both men giggled, giddy from what was happening that evening. \"I want to introduce you to my family,\" Rufus murmured, \"I want them to know about us…!\" Robert smiled with a hint of ruefulness, \"I want to meet them, too. I think that we'll have better luck with your family than with mine; they've barely even spoken to me since I came out to them.\" Rufus instinctively pulled Robert back into an embrace, his heart pained at the thought that Robert's family would turn him away. \"How could they do that to you?\" his choked whisper trembled. \"It's ancient history, Rufus. It's all right,\" Robert reassured his new lover, \"I'm just glad that I have supportive friends who have become my family.\" Rufus smiled despite his watering eyes, fluffing Robert's shock of unruly obsidian curls and stroking his back. \"And I want to be among that family, my love…!\" ","Summary":" I own nothing, not the characters, the song, or Cloud Atlas . Robert Frobisher and Rufus Sixsmith a"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"It is Written in the Stars","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10970074","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These characters are not mine. I own not the song nor \"Cloud Atlas\". Robert Frobisher/Rufus Sixsmith. Songfic. Frobisher and Sixsmith are reunited after many incarnations, for their love is written in the stars. Patrick Fiori's beautiful \"Chrysalide\" holds many illusions to eternity and the history between the singer and the subject, although not necessarily between two lovers. Its imagery just seems to fit Frobisher and Sixsmith. Chrysalis As the smell of gunpowder and his own blood faded from his senses, Sixsmith could feel himself traveling through time and space. His lifeless body and the hotel room were nothing to him now as he saw the stars appear before him. He hardly dared to breathe, lest this prove to be just another dream. But the stars, the memories of Corsica, Robert had promised that he would find him again under the Corsican stars. Would this be the moment that he had awaited for so long? He gaped in awe as he caught sight of one of his arms. His hand, withered and blotchy with age, was undergoing a reversal; the skin was becoming taut, pliant, and young again. His clothing was changing too, into clothes unfamiliar to him… While disappointed that he had been reborn as several different people, Sixsmtih was nonetheless fascinated by the vast changes in the world since he was a boy in 1931. The plight of Neo-Seoul was one that intrigued him as an archivist. While he had been many different people after experiencing so many different lives, Sixsmith still felt the strongest connection to his life as Rufus Sixsmith, felt most strongly for the composer Robert Frobisher… he could not help but hope that they would find each other again in some undefined paradise. Those few years with Robert had meant more to him than several lifetimes of vastly different experiences. Those few years had left deep marks in the core of his being. i\"I believe there is another world waiting for us, Sixsmith. A better world, and I'll be waiting for you there. I believe the dead do not stay dead long. Find me beneath the Corsican stars where we first kissed.\"/i Sixsmith swore that he could almost hear Robert's voice, as clearly as if it happened just hours before. Tears still stung his eyes, but he swore that he would be patient, even if the wait would take him an eternity. The dance of time continued to turn as Sixsmith thought that he heard Robert again. i\"Find me beneath the Corsican stars where we first kissed…\"/i Sixsmith tried to ignore it, sure that he had imagined it again… until he felt solid ground under his feet. And smelled fragrances that he had not smelled in ages. He looked around, just able to perceive in the dark that he wore the same trousers and dress shirt that he had worn when he and Robert had declared their love to each other, that his hands were young and pliant again, a few fair hairs on his hands and forearms. He brushed a hand over his forehead; his hair was thick and the hairline sat where it had when he and Robert met. Could this be what he had awaited for so long? \"I have awaited this moment for the longest time, my darling Sixsmith.\" Sixsmith, sure that his heart had stopped, was frozen in place. He gingerly turned his head in the direction of the voice that he was afraid that he would only ever hear in his memory. Robert stood there, dressed in the same suit that he'd worn when they first kissed. Sixsmith fell to his knees, overcome with emotion. Tears of relief streamed down his face as he realized that this world was what Robert spoke of. In an instant, Robert was before him and they were wrapped around each other, both of their hearts pounding as they shared an enthusiastic kiss. All the lifetimes that Sixsmith, that Frobisher had waited, all of those memories seemed to run together as the couple cried for joy at their reunion. Centuries, millennia, none of that seemed to matter now as they held each other desperately. \"Robert, is it really you? I've dreamt of you so often…!\" Sixsmith sobbed into Robert's neck. \"Yes, my darling Rufus,\" Robert gasped as he stroked his hand through his lover's golden locks, \"Can you ever forgive me for what I've done to you? For leaving you in the way that I left?\" Rufus stroked Robert's unruly raven tresses, \"It shattered my heart to find your dead body… it's a memory that I cannot erase from my mind, but you're here. As long as we have another chance, I'll be happy…\" \"We have eternity, my love,\" Robert reassured as he caressed Rufus, \"I'll be happy to make amends with you. Here, under the Corsican stars with you.\" \"The Corsican stars…!\" Rufus gasped in awe. \"I promised that I would be waiting for you, darling, my Rufus,\" Robert crooned as he kissed his lover's tears, \"And that better world that I spoke of is here, waiting for us.\" The stars caught Rufus' eye and he gazed upward in wonder at their beauty, at their brightness, bright enough that he and Robert could see each others' expressions in the dim light. It was as bright as moonlight. \"This is Corsica…?\" Rufus murmured. Robert smiled fondly, \"The smells, the plants, all of it is evocative of the land where we fell in love,\" he caressed Rufus' face, \"Without any doubt, this is Corsica.\" They laid themselves on a blanket on the warm ground, holding each other close as they watched the stars, marveling at their brightness. \"I have waited for this for so long, Robert,\" Rufus sounded wistful, \"And at last I'm with you again…! I can't begin to say how happy I am…!\" Robert squeezed him tenderly, kissing him on the cheek, \"You know it's not in my nature to be sentimental, but my Rufus I could not be more relieved that I have not had to wait any longer for you. You're the most beautiful sight that I have seen in the longest time…!\" Their eyes caught sight of a new star, shining more brightly than the others. After a moment of wonder, Rufus asked, \"Do suppose that that bright new star is a coincidence or that there's more to it than meets the eye?\" \"Who knows, Rufus?\" Robert murmured, \"I think that it's more than a coincidence with this bright new star,\" he kissed Rufus again, \"I think that the stars are just as happy as we are that we're together again.\" \"Said the man who claims that he is not sentimental,\" Rufus teased before Robert swatted him on the bum. The mild slap stirred things up. Rufus rolled Robert onto his back, chuckling as he mounted him. Soon, they were rolling all over the blanket, kissing, forcing their clothes off, and laughing for sheer joy that they had not been lost to each other. Two pairs of eyes gazed into each other, one pair jade and the other cornflower, as the reunited lovers nervously rediscovered each others' bodies. Rufus still could hardly believe that this was real, that they would make love again after centuries apart, but Robert was warm and solid to the touch instead of ethereal. He could feel more tears welling in his eyes… \"Don't cry, darling,\" Robert leaned in to kiss his weeping lover's tears, his naked chest pressed against Rufus' own nakedness, \"I'm here and I'm not going anywhere without you now\". Reassured and suddenly very aware of their mutual warmth, Rufus could feel his loins stir like they had not stirred since the 1930s. Overcome by desire, the olive-skinned brunet and the rosy-skinned blond latched onto each other, rolling around on the blanket under the stars. Hands and lips caressed faces, necks, shoulders, chests, nipples, bellies, calves, thighs, buttocks, loins, a world that the two lovers were eager to rediscover. \"Robert, Oh, my Robert-!\" Rufus moaned as Robert kissed the golden thatch that covered his virile fruits, neither making any effort to keep their lovemaking quiet. They were sure that they would be safe in this new world, that they would not be denied each other again. If not, then what did it matter? They would fight for each other if they had to, for Rufus refused now to be to be parted from Robert again. This night was theirs to enjoy, together. They collapsed beside each other on the blanket, momentarily spent from passion. \"I could do this with you forever, darling,\" Rufus murmured as he rested his head over Robert's beating heart. Robert wrapped his beloved in his arms, smiling, \"We can, my Rufus,\" he crooned, \"We have forever. Whenever you want.\" Rufus nestled closer, hardly daring to believe what Robert was saying, \"It all feels like the first time all over again, Robert. Like we were just lads again…!\" Robert gave him a loving squeeze, \"This is Paradise, darling. Everything that we dreamed of is here,\" he gestured to the stars above them, \"We have come full circle, haven't we?\" Rufus smiled against Robert's warm skin, \"And thank goodness…! I'm so relieved that you were right then you said that the dead do not stay dead long…!\" Rufus turned his head and kissed a burgundy nipple and slid his fingertips across Robert's chest and belly. Robert nuzzled Rufus' hair before one of his hands caressed its way back to his lover's bottom while the other teased one of the pink buds that adorned Rufus' chest, \"I've missed you, my darling Rufus.\" Rufus laced their fingers together, \"I've missed you terribly, my love,\" already he could feel his body responding to the caresses, \"I can't begin to say how much that I've missed our nights together.\" \"Indeed,\" Robert smiled as he noticed Rufus' arousal, amused and feeling his own loins stirring again, \"As beautiful as your body is, I have missed your heart, your mind, and your soul as well. I've missed all of you.\" Robert rolled on top of Rufus, kissing and caressing as he went. The two men writhed with passionate delight as they resumed their lovemaking. Two souls whose journeys had separated them physically but had failed to quash their feelings for each other had found each other again at long last under the same night skies of Corsica where they discovered their love. Many lifetimes and different incarnations had separated them, but the cocoon that nurtured the cycle and refused to breach for so long had finally ruptured and, as happy and as free as butterflies in the springtime, Robert Frobisher and Rufus Sixsmith had reemerged to adore each other. iFin/i ","Summary":" These characters are not mine. I own not the song nor \"Cloud Atlas\". Robert Frobisher/Rufus Sixsm"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"The Last Goodbye","Author":"shakes8","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9907933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robert Frobisher I settle into the bathtub. 4:45. The Luger feels comfortable in my hand. Where I was once clutching it so tight my knuckles were white, now it sits, warm in my relaxed hand. Tick, tock. Tick, tock. Tick, tock. My pocketwatch ticks, seeming to count my seconds, mockingly. I pull it out and look at the tarnished silver, my initials for what I decide will be the last time. R.F. How many times have I signed letters that way, letters to my dear Sixsmith. 4:46. Fourteen minutes now. Fourteen minutes of anticipation. Early for once in my life. Let them not say I was late for my own funeral. I close my eyes. Soon they will not be mine, they will be the earth mother's again. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. I will return to the earth only to be jolted from my slumber into a new body, a new life, with no memory of this one. Good. The only thing worth this life is the sextet. My sextet. They will remember it as a man's death. Only I will know it as a man's life. For that is what it is. It is my life, written neatly in measures and bars, it contains everything, even my dear Sixsmith. I close my eyes and remember us, curled up together under the Corsican stars. Our anomaly silent in the dark. How I wish he was here now, but I would not bring that upon the true love of this short and dark life. How I wish he was here to hold my hand, tell me it is all alright, guide me up, stop me. But he cannot, will not. I am to die today, here, in this bathtub, at five 'o clock sharp. 4:50. Ten minutes. Rufus Sixsmith I stand on the balcony of the Hotel Memling, thinking, wondering. Frobisher, my Frobisher, he said he came here every day. He probably is, must be hiding, the bastard, my love. He's always been stubborn. A rustle behind me. I turn, expecting to see a cat or bird, but it is him! He was watching me! I decide quickly to pretend I didn't see him, but to follow him to surprise him. He goes down the many flights of stairs and I have no choice but to follow. I follow him through several halls of rooms, but the skinny little devil disappears as I am stopped by a member of the housekeeping staff. \"Excuse me, but are you checked in, sir?\" she asks. \"You can't arrest me, I'm afraid. I'm with that man that just went by, a Mr. Robert Frobisher. Business associate,\" I reply, flustered. \"Another composer,\" she says under her breath, \"Room 106. First right, second left.\" \"Thank you,\" I say, but she turns and goes about her work, muttering about worthless composers. I follow her directions to the room, and knock, only to find that the door isn't locked or even completely shut. I walk in. \"Robert? Are you in here, Robert?\" I ask. No reply. I hear a rustling from the bathroom. I walk into the bathroom to see him. He's in the bathtub, he has a gun in his mouth, and I run to him. Robert Frobisher 5:00.I am ready. All of a sudden I hear the door open. I thought the hotel manager paid off housekeeping not to come here! \"Robert? Are you there, Robert?\" I hear Rufus Sixsmith, of all the damned people in this damned world, why him? God damn it! He was not supposed to be here! \"What are you doing? What the hell are you doing?\" he says, the love of my short, bright life says, my dear Sixsmith. I can't help but feel a small amount of relief that he has come, though. \"I appear to be about to kill myself,\" I say. I think myself quite clever, but I know it's just the dying man's wit. I drop the Luger, the supposed instrument of my death. I cannot die in front of him. I cannot let him see me like this, \"But you seem to have interrupted.\" He appears in shock. \"Oh, come on, now, we both knew it was to come to this,\" I say. He grabs my shoulders and pulls me to him. It brings back memories of other places, other times. He releases me. \"How could you do this? Leave the sextet unfinished, leave me and the whole bloody world without a goodbye?\" he asks, now sobbing. \"I finished it, Sixsmith. I finished the sextet and I wrote you a goodbye. Here. Take them.\" I hand him the single accomplishment of my short life and his letter. He pulls me up out of the bathtub. Rufus Sixsmith \"Just wait. Please. Don't do this to me. Just wait,\" I plead. The eyes that I used to read love and kindness and just a bit of madness in now only show a deep-seated sadness and a hatred so deep it can only be for himself. He stands, and I tell him to come with me into the other room. He complies, and we sit in the opposing chairs of his small hotel room. I remember fondly the last time I saw him, in a hotel room not much different than this one. He left me there alone, taking my waistcoat and my heart and nothing more from that hotel room. I begin to read the letter: I shot myself through the roof of the mouth at 5:00 this morning. I choke on a sob. I continue reading, trying not to let the tears fall on his beautifully scrawled handwriting. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, they say. They don't even know. To a lover, everything about his second half is beautiful, from the comet on his back to his suicidal tendencies to his habits of staying up till one in the morning just writing and writing and writing. Robert Frobisher is beautiful , I think, and no one can take that from him. He sits across from me, not even speaking. He doesn't have to. Look at me now, Sixsmith, he says without words, Let me go. But I cannot. I've never been able to, never been able to let him go. It is wrong, people have said. It is unholy, they tell us with the disgust on their faces. But still I stand by him. Even the last time. I walked in on him clumsily tying a noose. He stood in front of me with a rope around his neck and told me goodbye. I stopped him that time, I can do it again. I'll never be able to let him go. I finish the letter. He sees me crying and doesn't say a word, just smiles his cocky half- smile. He voices what I knew he would say. Robert Frobisher \"Let me go,\" I say quietly. I know he cannot, but everyone must make sacrifices. I was lying when I told Vyvyan Ayrs that I wrote the sextet thinking of him and I meeting again and again. Nothing beautiful could come from that. But the physicist and the composer, that has a sort of sweeping oddity to it, a lovely sort of ringing beauty. Like the lawyer and the self-freed slave of Ewing and Autua. \"No,\" he whispers. It makes me want to cry, seeing him like this. I can hardly bear it, seeing my level-headed love dissolve like this. I want to go over to him, to comfort him, but I cannot, it will ruin it. I cannot help myself, the emotional, the artist, the unstable. I go to him. I put my arm around him, tell him I'm sorry. Tell him I have to. Tell him I've accomplished all I can, why live? Because it's true. The Cloud Atlas Sextet isn't just a sextet, no, it's my life, and his life, and everything. It is him and I, sleeping under the Corsican stars, it is Jocasta forcing herself upon me yet again. It is Adam Ewing returning home to meet his love, and everything, it is everything I am and he is and they are. I don't tell him this, though, just stand up and retrieve the Luger from my seat. \"I have to,\" I say, \"And I will.\" I kiss his forehead, his cheek, his lips. He pulls me to him as if he will never let me go. Rufus Sixsmith I will never let him go. I hold him to me with all my might, my body shaking with the sobs. I will never let him go. I will never let him go. Not if I die trying. \"I will save you,\" I say shakily and release him a little. \"No. You can't, my love. I was dead the second you walked in. I finished my life when I finished the sextet. I'm dead. You have to let me go. We all have to make sacrifices, and yours is me. Please,\" he replies, he, the one thing I love most in all the universe. He is going to leave me. I can't stop him. But I can never let him go. I will have to die trying. I will die today in my lover's arms, and he in mine. I let him go from my arms, but he stays close. I will let him go from my life, but we will be together. \"Th-then let me do it with you. I cannot live in a world without you, Robert. I can't let you die alone, and I can't let you go. I- I have to die with you,\" I say. \"No, no, no, you can't. I cannot bear the thought of you dying any more than I can bear the thought of living. Why can't you just let me go? You've let me go, let me leave a thousand times, why not now? You were never the stubborn type, but desperate times, I suppose. You're pulling out all the guns. I'd think you of all people would recognize a losing battle,\" he says. My love is hell-bent on dying, I will go with him. If you can't beat em', join em', they say. For once they're right. \"You can't change my decision any more than I can change yours. We go together or not at all.\" \"Together or not at all,\" he echoes, \"This is the single hardest thing I've ever done. I hope you know that.\" \"I know. This is hard for me too. But we can do anything together.\" \"My dear Sixsmith, after all the goodbyes, I do believe this is the last one. Let's make it good. It's not too early. Breakfast?\" he says, and proffers his arm. Robert Frobisher My love takes my arm, takes my heart, takes me. We walk out of the hotel room, take a short detour to the manager's office to grab the letter, and we walk out, though now we must be just business associates talking of money over breakfast. We choose a quaint little café on a side street. We talk of everything that's happened. We are serious, we laugh. We recall the good, the bad, and the hilarious. We talk of when my dear Pater expelled me from the Frobishery. We had thought that him and Mater were away for the weekend. Evidently not. I had, of course, taken the liberty of contacting Sixsmith and telling him the house would be vacant. He brought some lovely French wines, and, well, misconduct ensued, at least until the door to the bedroom opened and there he was, my furious father. I was told to pack my bags and leave within the hour. He was outside the whole time, throwing little notes up to my window. What crawled up your father's ass? the scrawls asked. He was obviously still quite inebriated. Nice birthmark, and so on and so forth. That was what kept me from breaking down then and there. Him. It was all him, everything I've done. And that's why we need to do this, in his own words, together, or not at all. I put down the last of my money, hopefully enough to cover the bill, and we depart from the café, ready to depart from this life. We go to the hotel room. The manager stops me. \"Mr. Frobisher, checkout's in an hour,\" the portly cheat says. \"I'm just going to do that now. I do believe I'll check out early, though, if that's alright with you,\" I reply. \"Of course, Mr. Frobisher. I do hope you'll come back soon,\" he says, as if he just can't wait for more money, the greedy bastard. We return to our room, sit in the chair, as we had before. I can practically feel Sixsmith's anxiety. I put a hand on his shoulder, he smiles that shy smile of his, and I could never have loved him more than in that moment. He was willing to lay down his own life for me, the disowned composer. \"Are you ready?\" I ask. Rufus Sixsmith Not in the least, I think to myself, But better to die with and for the one you love to die old and lonely by yourself. \"As I'll ever be,\" I reply, and sigh. \"Are you sure you really want to go through with this?\" he asks me. No, I'm not, I want to scream out. But I cannot leave him. Love, the poison of the ages. We all say we will never fall into it, never become mad with admiration for one person, never be content to sit with one person for hours as you talk, but we are all wrong. And now I will kill myself for love, lay down my life for the one person I care most about in all the world. Here we go. Goodbye, earth. \"Yes. I am as sure as the sky is blue, as sure as I love you.\" But I'm not, I will never be ready to die. \"I'm nervous too. Don't worry. It'll all be okay soon.\" \"How are we going to…\" I trail off. \"I think that we can do this at the same time, I've got some rope and the Luger. Come into the bathroom,\" he says. So one of us will hang ourselves and the other will shoot himself. I've always thought that the way you kill yourself is an intense measure of your self-hate. For example, to drown yourself you'd probably hate yourself more than if you, say, shot yourself. Drowning takes longer and goes against every will of human instinct, but shooting springs from humans and is a quick death. We go into the bathroom. He brings the desk's wooden chair next to the tub, and tells me to stand on it. I do so, and he goes to the other room again. Robert Frobisher I cannot submit him to this, I think, I cannot let him kill himself for me, it would be the same as hanging him myself. I sit on the bed, feeling the weight of the gun in my hands. I'll have to do it by myself. It's the only way. \"What are you doing in there?\" I hear him ask. \"Just trying to find the rope, I might be a moment. You- you just stay there, okay?\" I lie, I sigh. \"Okay, just don't take too long, please,\" he says. The last words I will ever hear him say. Not a very good last goodbye, but it suits him to a tee. \"Rufus Sixsmith, I love you,\" I say. I put the gun in my mouth. I pull the trigger. Rufus Sixsmith I hear a bang from the other room. No, no he can't have he didn't he didn't he didn't no not my Robert he didn't do this to me he can't have he can't have he didn't. I run into the room only to see that he did. I run to his body and hold him as I did before, clutching him to me as if I will never let him go, but I did, I let him go, he let himself go. I can't believe he did this to me, I can't believe it. But I can, and that's the problem. Everyone sees their lover as perfect, but once again everyone is wrong. I sob into his shirt, still can't let him go, never let him go. \"How could you do this to me?\" I scream into him, \"How could you leave me here alone?\" He did it because he loved me, didn't he? He did this because he thought he was doing me a favor, letting me live because he couldn't bear to see me die. Don't let them say I killed myself for love, he said in his letter to me, and I won't. Even though he did, I won't tell anyone, I won't be able to. I let him go, let his empty shell fall onto the bed, his blood staining the bedding. I take the gun from his hand. Never shot anything in my life. There's a first time for everything. I sit on the bed next to my lover's corpse, open the gun. Still one bullet left. I shut it again, lay down on the bed next to him for the last time, kiss his forehead, his blood on my lips. I put the gun to my head. \"Together or not at all, Robert. You said it yourself,\" I say, and pull the trigger. ","Summary":" Robert Frobisher I settle into the bathtub. 4:45. The Luger feels comfortable in my hand. Where I w"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"The Magic of Love","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10951096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own none of this, not the song, the characters, nor \"Cloud Atlas\". Frobisher/Sixsmith. Songfic. On the last night of his life, the aged Rufus Sixsmith reflects on the tribulations of life and on the last words that his beloved Robert Frobisher wrote to him. \"The Magic of Love\" as sung by Lionel Ritchie and Russell Watson sounds like a promise about to be fulfilled. Maybe not necessarily a song between a pair of lovers, but it works. I want so much for them to be happily reunited like Robert promised his poor Rufus. The Magic of Love Rufus Sixsmith sighed tiredly as he secured his papers for the flight out of the country. The potential for disaster at Swanekke Island was more than he could stand; all of the people who lived in Buenas Yerbas and the towns surrounding the nuclear reactor could easily be exposed to dangerously high levels of radiation. He knew what he had observed in the Manhattan Project and had seen for himself the effects on people's health, even if he didn't quite understand at the time, and he did not want to risk that again. Not after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, especially since the reactors would have more widespread effects. It struck Sixsmith as odd that he had entrusted a key to an emergency copy of his findings to none other than Luisa Rey, the daughter of Lester Rey and an accomplished journalist in her own right. But their chance encounter did not strike him as a mere coincidence; somehow, he knew that he could trust her. They were on the same wavelength. Both of them saw the injustices that the world had perpetrated and wanted so badly to set things right. A lump came to his throat and he swiped at his eyes as he remembered the birthmark on her arm. The composer Robert Frobisher, who had killed himself over four decades earlier and broken Sixsmith's heart, had that exact shape and color of birthmark low on his back. Sixsmith had moved on with life, but he could never forget Robert, the only person he had ever loved with a passion. They were only boys at Cambridge then… and discovering for himself Robert's body, dead just moments before, had nearly destroyed his will to live. Nearly. As much as it hurt, he had to continue and do something beneficial for the world. He just had to. In his last letter, Robert had written, \"I believe there is another world waiting for us Sixthsmith. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there. \" . Ever since then, Sixsmith had prayed that this would be true. For his own sanity, he just had to believe it. He prayed that he would be reunited with the man he loved and could not forget. The click of a gun hammer cocked behind his head focused Sixsmith's attention immediately. No, this could not be happening. Not when he was preparing to expose something that could be vitally important. His mind raced as he thought of everything that he had done in his life, every triumph and every tragedy, of Robert's suicide, of the years he spent with the Manhattan Project, of the prizes that he had won, and now someone was trying to silence him. But he remembered with a spasm of hope that he had told Ms. Rey about his niece, Megan Sixsmith, who had followed in his footsteps and was building a name for herself as well. He had given Ms. Rey access to the copy of his findings. A sense of peace suddenly filled him. He now understood that he was right to entrust his information to Luisa Rey. That they had not met for nothing or out of mere coincidence. He thought of Robert and tears of hope spilled over his cheeks. \"Please be there, Robert~!\" he thought as the sound of a gunshot pierced the air. Sixsmith reeled as the scent of gunpowder and blood filled his nose. He remembered that smell, but he scarcely had time to reflect on that before he noticed that he seemed detached from his body. He saw in the room the man who shot him and his scattered papers around his dead body, shot through the head. A flash of golden light entered his vision. While it was as bright as the sun, it didn't hurt his eyes. He could feel himself floating, like he was rising. He felt himself traveling through time and space, suddenly remembering other lifetimes that he had lived. He distinctly remembered working as an archivist in Korea at some point long after his own century, many people that he had been. But the love that he had experienced with Robert Frobisher had left an indelible mark on his soul, had made their story the most \"real\", the most lasting part of him. The light began to fade, revealing a landscape that he had not seen in years. \"Corsica?!\" he gaped in awe. Even in the fading sunset, he knew that it was Corsica. Scents from plants that he had forgotten reacquainted themselves with him and even in the fading evening light he recognized the landmarks. Even his clothing felt different. His hands touched the fabric of the dress shirt that he had worn the night that he and Robert had first kissed and he was amazed to see that his hands, his arms were smooth, supple, and young again. His hands flew to his face and hair; his face was also smooth and pliant again, and his hair was full and thick again. He was young again. \"I wasn't sure when you'd come,\" a familiar voice came from behind Sixsmith, \"My darling Sixsmith, I'm so happy that you're finally here!\" Sixsmith gingerly turned, as though he was afraid that this was just a dream. Robert stood before him, as beautiful as he had ever been. He wore the same clothing that he had worn the night of their first kiss, except that he wore the vest that Sixsmith had lent to him after their last night in Cambridge. In an instant, they were in each other's arms, eagerly kissing to compensate for all of the years apart. Sixsmith was overcome with emotion; Robert was real, he was alive, he was in his arms again. His kiss still tasted of nectar and soft summer breezes, he still smelled so sweet. Tears coursed over his cheeks as he buried his face against Robert's neck, tears of residual pain and yearning but overwhelmingly of pure joy that they were together again. Robert ran his hand through his lover's golden hair, savoring the warm silkiness that he had missed so terribly. Warm tears spilled from his own eyes as he held his weeping lover tightly, relieved and overjoyed to hold Rufus again. \"Let it all out, my love,\" he crooned as he rocked with Sixsmith, \"We're safe here and I'll never leave your side, now.\" Sixsmith raised his gaze, his eyes red and his face flushed, to meet Robert's eyes before he felt Robert's lips kissing his tears. \"I cannot begin to say how happy I am that you were right that there was a better world for us, Robert…!\" Robert gently raised Rufus' face to meet his own, \"I only hope that you can forgive me for how I left you, darling.\" \"I'll never forget that terrible scene,\" Rufus' voice was soft and brittle, \"But it doesn't seem to matter anymore…!\" He reached up to Robert's face and wiped the tear tracks from his cheeks, which caused Robert to smile peacefully and return the gesture. A bed sat in the grass and Rufus instantly recognized the frame from his room at Cambridge, a bed that would have overlooked the bay in the daylight. He was amused at the image before Robert gestured to the sky. \"The Corsican Stars, my Rufus. I promised you that we would meet again beneath them.\" \"This is the eternity that you promised, darling…!\" Rufus smiled contentedly as Robert caressed his back. His body reawakened at the touch, remembering the joyous passion that they were eager to regain. Robert all but tore the vest from his body and tossed it aside before he removed his dress shirt with equal haste. His naked chest was as lean and muscular as Rufus remembered and he pulled his lover in to cover his neck and bare shoulders with kisses, his hands savoring the soft skin that he had missed so much. Running his hands over Robert's naked torso, he gently kissed the burgundy nipples, earning him a shudder of excitement as his left hand caressed over the skin on the right side of Robert's lower back, just above his waistband. Robert chuckled, \"Yes, my birthmark is still there dearest, if that reassures you,\" to which Rufus returned the laugh. \"Come. Let me…!\" Rufus could not discard his shirt fast enough and he gasped as Robert's naked chest met his own. The brunet kissed his way down the blond's neck and rosy chest until, eliciting shivers of delight from Rufus before Robert's lips enveloped a taut, pink nipple and Rufus arched his back. He'd forgotten how sweet that this felt. Robert doffed his trousers and underclothes as eagerly as he could and tumbled naked onto the bed, taking Rufus with him, the blond giggling in surprise before his lover interrupted him in mid-laugh with a hearty kiss. \"I've waited to do this again for so long…!\" Rufus gasped as he kissed his way down his lover's chest and belly, making Robert writhe as he kissed his nipples and belly button, very much aware of his arousal in the thicket of obsidian curls that adorned his loins. Robert's scent, so long denied to him, thrilled Rufus. Despite his own long-frustrated desires, Rufus was eager to give Robert his release. \"Rufus, darling, after all that I put you through, I only think it fair that you be first,\" Robert scolded gently. \"I want to do this, Robert,\" Rufus replied, \"I've missed your body as much as I've missed your heart, mind, and soul…!\" Nearly all speech left Robert's tongue as Rufus yielded his attention to the virile blossom of Robert's loins, his mouth caressing and adoring his lover's intimate parts as Robert writhed and moaned in delight, lifting his hips as the tension within him mounted. As Robert recovered from his orgasm, he eagerly set to removing Rufus's trousers. He gasped as he saw Rufus lying naked beside him once again. He was so beautiful…! Robert kissed the skin over Rufus' breastbone before he put his ear to it, listening to the beautiful sound of his beloved's heartbeat as Rufus wrapped his arms around him, fluffing the shock of unruly raven hair that he'd missed so much. Robert became even more impassioned as he kissed the taut, rosy buds of Rufus' chest, kissing his way down his beloved's pale belly, caressing his thighs as he came upon the nest of golden curls that surrounded his masculine fruit. Overcome, he kissed the pale loins, resting his face on them as Rufus moaned for his touch. The caressing warmth of Robert's mouth upon his most intimate parts made Rufus lift his back from the bed. \"Release it for me, darling,\" Robert whispered before he resumed pleasuring his beloved, gently cupping and stroking his alabaster thighs and buttocks. Gasping, his head pushed deep into the pillows, Rufus found release for the first time in ages. Rufus could have sworn that he saw sparks as he lay gasping after the orgasm swept from his body. He was weak and half-blind from euphoria. \"Rufus, my darling Sixsmith, are you all right?\" Robert's anxious voice came from beside him. Turning his head gingerly, Rufus saw Robert's concerned smile. Rufus smiled broadly in return, his eyes brimming again as he rolled into Robert's arms. Wrapped around each other again, wrapped in silken sheets, Rufus listened fondly to Robert's beating heart and gently kissed the breastbone over it, prompting his lover to tighten the embrace and kiss his hair before Rufus rose to capture Robert's lips in a loving kiss. \"I never would have thought that we would be reunited in the very place where we fell in love…!\" Rufus murmured against Robert's collarbone after they'd exhausted themselves from kisses, \"I never want this to end, my love…!\" \"It won't end, darling,\" Robert caressed his hair, neck, and back, \"We have eternity to share here, under the Corsican Stars.\" The rest of the night, their hands, their mouths explored and caressed each other's legs, chests, faces, necks, buttocks, loins as they became reacquainted with each other, loving and pleasuring each other without fear or shame of what others would think. Two souls in a loving duet under the timeless Stars of Corsica. Fin ","Summary":" I own none of this, not the song, the characters, nor \"Cloud Atlas\". Frobisher/Sixsmith. Songfic."},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"head in the clouds","Author":"ProfessorSquirrell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9874409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sixsmith. Dearest Sixsmith. He reclines lazily against the headboard, quietly allowing you to study him while the rest of Cambridge sleeps. He is not used to being so much looked at. He told you once that he never thought of himself as beautiful. You don't think you have the words to describe how passionately you disagree, so for now you remain quiet. The corners of his mouth turn up into a shy, yet seductive grin. He is a tease without meaning to be. It's part of why you love him. And any other man who is remotely acquainted with the likes of you would warn him that to you he is nothing more than an instrument, that he is simply an amusement to be discarded once you have mastered him, but you know better. He is not an instrument. He is everything but that. He is the music to be read, the conductor and the symphony, and he performs for you alone. You cannot play him though not for lack of trying, but your Sixsmith is too clever for you. You'd never admit this to him but it's the truth. All you can do is listen. Listen and watch. His mind knows nothing of music, but his hands do. They travel a gentle path, tracing the curvature of your shoulder, spine, waist and back again. He conducts so quietly, effortlessly. You splay your fingers across the stave of his ribcage feeling the tempo of his heartbeat against your palm. It is steady and rhythmic and everything you're not. It reminds you that there is time, at least for tonight, so you move slowly. You place staccato kisses along his chest, catching the grace note of his laugh on your tongue as you reach his mouth, subtle but oh, so clear. \"You are unusually quiet tonight, Robert,\" he observes. \"I'm studying,\" is your reply. He smirks and lets you kiss him again. \"Are you learning anything?\" \"I can't say I'm learning anything. I never do seem to learn my lessons, do I?\" He laughs again, low and damnably wondrous. \"No,\" he agrees. \"You never do. But if it takes making the same mistake over and over for you to come back to me then I suppose I don't mind.\" You shrug your shoulder, an expression of nonchalance that comes naturally to you but some nights you wish it wouldn't, nights when you are in a different bed with a different lover who could never deserve such a title. And yet. You light a cigarette. \"No matter. I am simply memorizing you for when I leave soon. Perhaps tomorrow, but I can't say for certain.\" And then you lean against his shoulder like the rest of a violin, listen to the melody of his breaths. It sounds like Corsican beaches and distant applause heard from a balcony. You swear that it is in moments like this you see the stars in his eyes. You tell him this sometimes, but again, he only shakes his head. He says you are a hopeless romantic, always reminiscing on holidays gone by, head always in the clouds, but he smiles because he feels the same. He smiles because he knows as you do that there are few things more beautiful than the clouds at sunrise. This morning, you'll discover them together. ","Summary":" Sixsmith. Dearest Sixsmith. He reclines lazily against the headboard, quietly allowing you to study"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Transcendence","Author":"irondragonbookworm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10759639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was actually my District Narrative Writing Assessmant for school. The instructions were \"Rewrite part of a novel or story in a different character's point of view.\" So this is what happened. A tragic homosexual love story. Of sorts. Zedelghem, Bruges, Belgium 1931 Dearest Robert, I am writing this in the bathroom of your room at the hotel. I cry as I write, looking at you from across the tile. You're almost cold, all the life and spirit almost drained out. The clouds are all gone now. But as I glance to the window I can see new ones coming. Or maybe the same ones, in a new form. I suppose I should tell you just how I came to be here, I suppose. In case you wondered. Five O'clock this morning I rushed down the Belgian streets, the cool air whipping my face. Hurriedly looked at the passing buildings as I ran, my mind racing. Robert, Robert, where are you? I know you're here… Above the town the clouds were shifting and swirling, a vortex of ever-changing matter. Never the same… Transcending all life. My eyes caught on a sign. \"Hotel\". Robert! Pushed open the doors with a great strength I never knew I possessed. Flew up to the counter. \"Where is he?! Robert Frobisher, the room!\" I know I must have looked like a madman- an English gentleman, all wide-eyed and frantic, shouting and flailing. You would have found it hilarious, me the out of control one. \"Room- room 216\", the manager stammered in heavily accented English. Rushed up the stairwell, heart hammering. Heart a gunshot, loud and piercing. I stopped. All of me, my heart, my breathing, my mind. Seconds passed. Restart. No, no, no, no! Continued up the stairs at a pace even you could be pressed to outdo. 213, 214, 215- There! Kicked the door open, I vaguely heard it slam against the wall. Called franticly for you. \"Robert! Robert!\" Glanced through the kitchenette and the bedroom. You weren't there. Saw the bathroom, ran to it. Opened the door. You were there, are still there in the bathtub holding a Luger. Towel wrapped around your head. Blood. There's still blood flowing out of you, streaming down the wall, congealing on the floor. I can't remember when I started crying- the stairs, the main room, when I saw you? I kneeled down beside you, and cradled your head in my arms. You were still warm. The clock on the wall said 5:05. Outside the window the clouds were moving, turning to wisps of smoke, crossing the sky to places unknown. Sat there with you held against me for about fifteen minutes. I left the bathroom, placing you back in the bathtub. I looked around the room. On your dresser was a sheet of music. The Cloud Atlas Sextet . You and I both know very well how abysmal I am at music. But I looked at those notes and felt something inside me stir. I don't know what it is or what it means. But I do know, staring at your lifeless body, all the soul gone from it, that death is just a boundary. And as you always said, 'All boundaries are conventions waiting to be transcended.' Our souls will cross the ages like the clouds cross the sky. And even if we change our shapes and sizes and beings, we will still be the same, just like clouds. All my love, Rufus Sixsmith. ","Summary":" This was actually my District Narrative Writing Assessmant for school. The instructions were \"Rewr"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Star Atlas","Author":"La plume rouge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10618739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bon, ceci est mon premier écrit sur Cloud Atlas (ou la Cartographie des nuages pour les plus réfractaires à l'anglais). J'y ai mis du cœur, car le personnage du jeune Frobisher (et celui de Sixsmith aussi, pardon petit Rufus) m'inspire comme peu souvent un personnage m'a inspiré. Donc voilà cette fic qui j'ose l'espérer, vous satisfera. Et je me permets de dire que ce livre (et ce film) a été une superbe révélation littéraire pour moi, qui m'a permis de nouveaux rebondissements dans mon écriture - ou tout du moins mon inspiration. WARNING : ceci est un cadeau pour ma bien-aimée Renzino-de-Médicis, ici-présente sur ce site sous ce pseudo. DISCLAIMER : tout appartient à David Mitchell, sauf ce texte bien évidemment. RATING : T (je ne savais pas trop pourquoi en postant tout d'abord la première partie mais mon intuition a vu juste avec la troisième) Bonne lecture ! BEYOND PRIDE Les sourcils froncés, Alan se saisit de l'enveloppe froissée qui se laissait glisser sur le sol en asphalte, poussée par le vent. En lissant cette dernière, il s'aperçut que l'adresse à laquelle elle aurait dû être remise s'était effacée, ou presque. La pluie semblait avoir dilué l'encre avec laquelle les mots avaient été griffonnés. Fort heureusement, il ne semblait avoir plu que quelques gouttes car autrement l'enveloppe ne semblait pas trop imbibée ; il la décacheta en haussant les épaules, laissant sa curiosité prendre le dessus sur l'honnête homme en lui qui lui soufflait de se mêler de ses affaires et de plutôt essayer de décrypter avec un peu plus de conviction l'adresse pour la remettre à son propriétaire ou aux mains d'un établissement postal. N'en ayant fait qu'à sa tête depuis toujours, il fit glisser la lettre hors de sa précieuse enveloppe protectrice et fut content de constater que l'écriture était encore nette. Il se mit donc à la lire, intrigué. … Hôtel Memling, Bruges Le 12 décembre 1931 à 4h53 du matin, Rufus, Tu peux dès à présent constater que j'ai utilisé ton doux prénom et non pas ton nom comme tu es accoutumé à ce que je le fasse. Ceci pour une simple raison : je voulais revenir sur une phrase que j'ai écrite dans ma dernière lettre, qui prend des tournures de lettre d'adieu. En réalité, celle-ci s'y conforme bien plus. Cela dit, c'est en cette minute définitive que j'ai décidé de t'écrire ce dernier simulacre de moi-même. Ai pensé que tu le chérirais toute ta vie, encore plus que mes autres lettres. Et ai aussi fini par ployer sous les remords qui m'assaillaient en te laissant quelque doute que ce soit. Tu as sans doute déjà remarqué que pour honorer ton indéfectible amour envers ma personne – et il est vain de nier tes yeux de merlan-frit à chaque aperçu d'une seule parcelle de ma peau – j'ai laissé de subtils indices soulignant une sous-entendue réciprocité. Mais il est vrai que parfois, ma plume est un peu trop ambiguë pour que tu cernes exactement toutes les facettes d'une seule phrase. Sais que tu n'es pas un très grand littéraire ; j'ai déjà songé à t'écrire en combinaisons binaires, mais n'y connaissant rien, j'ai fini par préférer poursuivre mes envolées lyriques que tu ne dois comprendre qu'à moitié. Tout comme à peu près la quasi-totalité de mes références musicales. Sais bien que tu es trop scientifique pour t'intéresser au monde artistique, seulement tu as décidé d'épouser les courbes de l'âme d'un musicien génial. Et dire que je t'oblige à adorer la poignée de lettres que je t'ai envoyées ! Enfin, je devrais peut-être passer à l'essentiel. L'heure approche, mon ami. « Me suis entiché, le temps d'un battement de cils, d'Eva Crommelinck, mais nous savons tous les deux au fond de notre cœur qui est l'unique amour de ma courte et lumineuse vie. » Espère pour toi que tu as saisi ce que le « notre cœur » insinuait, mais je ne peux m'empêcher d'avoir une poussière dans l'œil à l'idée que tu n'aies pas saisi à quel point je t'aime. Oui, je l'ai écrit. Ne te l'ai peut-être jamais dit, mais tout était induit lors de nos étreintes nocturnes – et parfois diurnes, avouons-le. Ai toujours pensé que tu le savais, que tu prenais avec une apparente légèreté la façon dont je te refusais mon exclusivité parce que tu en connaissais la raison. Mais certaines inflexions douloureuses dans ta voix habituellement si prompte à la jovialité et quelques discrètes piques de jalousie dans tes mots m'ont convaincu que tu étais rongé par le doute et que tu ne pouvais clairement discerner si cette phrase parachevait ce que j'ai toujours prétendu – à savoir que je n'aime que moi – ou si le subtil adjectif possessif qu'est « notre » indiquait qu'éternellement mon corps et mon esprit m'appartiennent autant que mon cœur t'est passionnément offert. Sache désormais que je suis tien. A ma façon, cela dit, et tu dois probablement t'en douter ! Ai effectivement (autant parler au passé, n'est-ce pas ?) toujours tenu à mon indépendance, que tu as respectée sans faillir ; et pour cela je t'en suis reconnaissant. Ai aussi cette tendance à ne jurer que par moi. Je m'aime, admettons-le clairement. C'est pour cette raison que jamais je n'accepterai de livrer mon corps et mon esprit à quiconque. Mon cœur, en revanche, je veux bien te le céder. Tout comme ton cœur ne t'appartient plus ; je te le vole. Te mets au défi de venir le récupérer la prochaine fois que nos chemins se croiseront. P-S : Considère ces derniers paragraphes comme l'essence même de ce que je suis pour toi et de ce que tu es pour moi. Comme le disait ce bon vieux Montaigne, « Parce que c'était lui, parce que c'était moi ». R. F. … Alan se gratta la tête, puis haussa les épaules avant de la jeter dans la corbeille la plus proche. Le destinataire ne la recevrait jamais, de toute façon. BEYOND PAIN Lorsque mes yeux se sont posés sur son corps inerte – je me refuse à penser « cadavre » – j'ai d'abord senti comme un immense vide, une sensation d'irréalité. Je me suis dit, un bref instant seulement, que ce n'était pas lui, que ce n'était pas vrai, que ce corps n'était pas le sien et que cet espace autour de moi n'était qu'un mirage. Ou bien que tout n'était qu'un maudit cauchemar, mettant en scène ma crainte la plus profonde ; il est vrai que dans tout couple banal – ou bien même « lambda » – on ne songe pas à la mort de son âme sœur, car c'est une pensée morbide, effrayante et relativement improbable. Mais… Je savais que l'esprit déséquilibré de Robert le conduirait peut-être aux portes de la folie, et inéluctablement à la mort. Il n'en est pas arrivé à un tel degré, bien que certains puissent assimiler les raisons de son suicide à un accès de pur délire, mais quelque part j'ai senti que son départ précipité après notre dernière nuit n'allait rien augurer de bon. J'aurais tellement voulu avoir tort, tellement voulu qu'on me démontre par A + B que c'était impossible, sinon impensable. Mais tout dans son emménagement au château de Zedelghem pesait un peu plus sur mon cœur au fur et à mesure qu'il me narrait ses aventures. Cet Ayrs ne m'inspirait rien d'autre que du mépris, tout comme sa femme Jocasta qui appartient à la même espèce que ce vieux compositeur orgueilleux et bouffi de suffisance. Il m'est inutile d'évoquer Eva Crommelynck, qui est la seule personne au monde à s'être attiré mes foudres ; que dis-je, ma haine ! Une profonde et puissante haine. Tout d'abord, les sentiments que Robert a développé pour elle m'ont rempli d'une jalousie destructrice, ce qui a entraîné un arrêt momentané de mes lettres. Mon amant ne pouvait pas imaginer à quel point je souffrais de ses sentiments pour elle, à quel point j'étais désespéré qu'il se désintéresse de moi. Ensuite, vint la façon dont elle l'a humilié. Je ne le lui pardonnerai jamais. Je sais combien est fragile l'amour-propre de Robert. Et je sais également combien je l'ai aimé. Combien je l'aime encore. Il existe certaines douleurs dont on ne guérit jamais. Jetez ce vieux proverbe à la corbeille : personne ne guérit de la mort d'un être aimé avec le temps. Tout au plus, dans le meilleur des cas, cela ne laisse qu'une cicatrice. Mais dans mon cas, la plaie est restée béante des décennies entières avant qu'une cicatrise rose et gonflée finisse par se former. Même si j'ai accepté le fait qu'il soit mort, je n'ai jamais accepté sa mort. Il y a une subtile différence entre les faits accomplis et la vérité. On ne peut nier les faits accomplis alors que la vérité est très malléable selon les points de vue. Dans mon cas, il n'est jamais vraiment mort ; il était toujours là, quelque part, non pas dans un recoin de mon cerveau mais partout . Tout le temps, à chaque heure d'une journée. Même en étant sexagénaire, ses lettres de Zedelghem sont encore mon livre de chevet. Mes fantasmes se résument à Robert Frobisher, et à rien d'autre. Je suis conscient que c'est d'une tristesse absolue, et même que c'est pathétique. Je connais nombre de veuves et de veufs qui « refont leur vie » comme on dit. Ils ne se sentent pas coupable d'aimer quelqu'un d'autre ou de faire l'amour à une autre personne. Alors que les quelques aventures sentimentales que j'ai eu après sa mort m'ont laissé un arrière-goût amer ; bien sûr, il m'est arrivé de retomber amoureux. Mais je ne suis plus jamais tombé amoureux de la même manière. Robert est entré dans ma vie comme un cyclone dévastateur et en est reparti en m'emportant avec lui. Je ne cache pas ma colère ; elle est passée depuis, mais dans les premiers temps, entre deux hurlements de souffrance, elle revenait à la charge comme quelque taureau sauvage. Pourquoi, Robert ? Pourquoi m'avoir lié à toi aussi inextricablement avant de décider à toi seul de la suite de ma vie ? Tu savais très bien quel serait mon désespoir à ta mort. Et pourtant, pas une seconde tu n'as pensé à moi. Pas une seconde, Robert ! Parfois, je me demande si la réciprocité de ses sentiments n'était pas un des nombreux mensonges qu'il façonnait. Et pourtant, j'étais le seul à recevoir ses lettres, ses pensées profondes. Le seul avec qui il ait voulu partager quelque chose de concret, au-delà d'une simple idylle. Il me confiait ses pensées musicales, même si je n'en comprenais pas le tiers. Il me faisait aveuglément confiance. Il savait que, même s'il venait à trouver d'autres partenaires, je resterai là à l'attendre lorsqu'il se serait lassé d'eux. Il savait que je serai là, fou amoureux et fermant les yeux sur son égocentrisme criant ; je ne vais pas faire la liste de ses très nombreux défauts, c'est inutile. Je les connais par cœur. Cela m'aurait peut-être fait fuir si je ne connaissais pas également par cœur la moindre parcelle de sa peau enivrante, si je ne connaissais pas par cœur le Robert fragile et larmoyant qui enfouissait sa tête contre mon épaule en me demandant de lui faire l'amour pour qu'il arrête de pleurer. Il détestait pleurer. Il était toujours jovial, plein d'entrain, prêt à croquer la vie à pleines dents. J'étais la seule épaule sur laquelle il posait son visage convulsé de sanglots avec une confiance aveugle. Et juste pour cela, j'étais prêt à fermer les yeux sur tout le reste. Malgré le fait qu'il soit la seule personne au monde à m'avoir fait autant de mal, il est également la seule personne au monde à m'avoir pétri de lui, jusqu'à en oublier que le seul amour de ma vie est mort. J'avais toujours pensé que « l'amour éternel » était une belle connerie inventée pour les sentimentaux dégoulinants ; après que la personne que vous chérissiez vous ait fait du mal, vous souffriez, puis vous passiez à autre chose grâce aux millions d'autres personnes qui existent sur Terre. Mais je n'ai jamais pu, ô grand jamais, détacher mes pensées de Robert Frobisher. Pourtant j'ai essayé. De nombreuses fois. Mais le corps qui se frottait contre le mien n'a jamais été que celui de Robert Frobisher ; je ne pouvais pas m'empêcher de fermer les yeux et d'imaginer que c'était lui qui me faisait l'amour. Par ailleurs, chose assez répugnante (bien qu'inconsciente), mes partenaires étaient tous une pâle imitation de Robert. Physiquement s'entend. Je ne suis pas prêt à tomber amoureux d'un homme ayant un caractère similaire au sien, et qui me décevrait immédiatement lorsque je me rendrais compte que ce n'est pas une parfaite copie. Il est impossible de combler le vide incommensurable qu'a laissé R. F. dans ma vie. Alors j'ai fini par délaisser ma vie sentimentale. J'ai vaguement entretenu ma vie sexuelle, plus pour satisfaire mes fantasmes malsains que par un réel besoin de faire l'amour. Je ne voulais faire l'amour qu'à une seule personne, et cette personne est morte. Je pense que, lorsqu'un sentiment va au-delà de la douleur, il est alors impossible de s'en débarrasser. La douleur n'éteint pas l'amour, elle vous torture simplement. Lorsque vous êtes sain d'esprit, vous éradiquez la cause de votre douleur, vous vous efforcez de passer à autre chose. Ce qui est tout à faire naturel. Mais lorsque la cause de votre douleur est la mort de ce qui était déjà une cause de douleur et à la fois l'objet d'un intense bonheur, il est impossible de dissocier la douleur de l'amour. Et puisqu'il m'est impossible de ne pas l'aimer, j'ai simplement choisi de ne plus me soucier de ma vie sentimentale. Ma vie sentimentale se résume à quinze lettres entrecoupées d'un espace entre la sixième et la septième. Elle se résume à une tâche de naissance en forme de comète au creux des reins, à une odeur, à la texture d'une chevelure ondulée et sauvage, à une voix, à la douceur d'une peau, à l'intensité d'un regard, à un sourire mutin, à des lèvres gourmandes, à un corps souple... Et il y a encore trop de choses à dire sur lui, trop de choses qui tiennent pourtant dans une seule phrase : Je t'aime, Robert Frobisher, et c'est tout. BEYOND LOOK Rufus sursauta lorsque son amant surgit brusquement derrière lui, plaquant ses mains aux longs doigts de pianiste sur ses épaules malingres. Il n'eut pas le temps de s'exclamer que déjà les lèvres impatientes de Robert saisissaient les siennes avec une fougue désespérée, comme si c'était la dernière fois qu'ils s'embrassaient. C'était toujours comme ça avec Frobisher ; comme une dernière fois à chaque fois. Et c'était cela qui était magique avec lui. Il employait toutes les précieuses secondes de son temps à faire comme si tout était factice et ne pouvait durer que quelques malheureux instants. Il y avait dans sa manière d'agir comme un avertissement que Rufus avait déchiffré il y a bien longtemps : Robert ne mourrait jamais de vieillesse. C'était on ne peut plus évident mais, comme sur ses nombreux défauts, le scientifique préférait fermer les yeux. A quoi bon s'inquiéter perpétuellement ? Il était là, tout à lui, et c'était tout ce qui comptait. D'une main aussi habile qu'experte, le jeune musicien défit les boutons du veston préféré de son compagnon, avec un empressement peu coutumier. Ordinairement, il prenait son temps, goûtait chaque seconde de leur union. Robert agissait ainsi avec lui, et seulement avec lui. Aussi un pli d'inquiétude barra le front de Rufus tandis que ses habits rejoignaient ceux de Robert sur le sol : l'artiste s'était-il trouvé un partenaire plus digne que lui ? Une fois tous deux nus, Robert plaqua Rufus contre le matelas aux draps défaits, curieusement haletant. Cette fois, ce fut un froncement de sourcils aussitôt suivi par un mouvement de surprise. Chose incroyable, Robert Frobisher pleurait. Rufus eut à peine le temps d'entrouvrir les lèvres pour demander ce qu'il se passait que l'index de son amant se posa sur sa bouche et les yeux du scientifique croisèrent le regard embué et suppliant du jeune homme. Suppliant . Alors Rufus se tut et se contenta d'encercler ses hanches étroites de ses bras. Robert posa son front contre son épaule et se mit à sangloter en silence, tandis que Rufus caressait ses cheveux d'une main tremblante. Robert semblait plus apaisé au contact de sa peau contre la sienne ; intérieurement, Rufus se maudissait d'avoir douté de la fidélité sentimentale de son amant (il n'espérait plus rien du côté physique, Robert le lui avait clairement fait comprendre). Cela dit, il se demandait ce qui avait bien pu mettre dans un état pareil le jeune musicien. Chaque sanglot de Robert l'obligeait à se mordre la lèvre pour ne pas pleurer à son tour. Les yeux brillants, il se contentait de humer sa chevelure cobalt hirsute pour tenter de ne pas sangloter à son tour ; il était certain que Frobisher lui en voudrait de ne pas rester stoïque. Il venait chercher du réconfort, non pas un mignon éploré. « Robert… qu'est-ce que je peux faire ? demanda Rufus d'une voix qu'il espérait caressante. - Sois toi-même. » La réponse énigmatique de son amant n'aida pas le moins du monde le jeune scientifique en devenir. Au contraire, il le perdait un peu plus. Il continua donc sa lente caresse sur sa chevelure, y emmêlant ses doigts avec un certain plaisir coupable. Il embrassa son front avec la douceur dont il était coutumier, caressant sa pommette humide d'un pouce timide. Enfin, au bout d'interminables minutes, Rufus se redressa légèrement et, de ses lèvres tremblantes, goûta celles de son amant avec une infinie tendresse ; Robert ferma les yeux et répondit avec une lenteur gourmande qui embrasa le bas-ventre de son compagnon. Il lui fallait de peu avec Robert pour s'enflammer. Les baisers du musicien se firent plus pressants, plus ardents ; ses lèvres descendirent le long du torse de Rufus et taquinèrent son ventre, puis son bas-ventre, ce qui arracha un gémissement d'impatience au scientifique. Un sourire ineffable se dessina sur les lèvres humides de Robert et il releva la tête, les yeux toujours brillants, mais plus seulement de tristesse. « Tu es mon remède, et je suis ta drogue, déclara-t-il tranquillement. - Auquel cas tu me serais nocif, fit remarquer Rufus avec une tendresse surprise en caressant son visage de ses larges mains. - C'est cela, acquiesça le jeune homme en souriant un peu plus. - Mais… - Tiens-t-en au fait que tu es mon remède si cela te va mieux, imbécile de scientifique. - Qu'est-ce que la Science a à voir avec ça ? gronda mollement Rufus. - Tu comprendrais mieux les métaphores si tu n'étais pas aussi terre-à-terre, voilà tout, répliqua Robert avec son habituel sourire mutin. - Comment veux-tu que je touche terre avec toi ? renchérit le rouquin en haussant les sourcils. - C'est pour ça que je t'aime. » Une fois de plus surpris, Rufus finit par déposer les armes définitivement lorsque Robert revint à la charge avec encore plus de douceur, de tendresse et de lenteur. Leurs corps étaient comme deux silex qui se frottaient l'un contre l'autre en produisant la plus grande flamme jamais répertoriée. De temps à autre, des étincelles allumaient des étoiles dans leurs yeux et ils souriaient dans leurs baisers humides de larmes, de salive et de sueur. Après l'amour, Robert roula sur le côté, mais prit soin de coller sa hanche à la sienne et d'enfouir son visage dans son cou. Il embrassait sa gorge avec cette lascivité qui lui était propre, y promenant une langue avide de donner du plaisir. Rufus ne pouvait que frissonner, se cambrant légèrement sous ses nouvelles caresses. Le musicien avait cette particularité de faire durer leurs étreintes pendant des heures, sans jamais qu'un moment soit moins intense que l'autre. Le plus agréable dans tout cela était certainement de sentir le corps frémissant de Robert sous ses doigts, d'avoir le pouvoir de le faire gémir de cette façon si érotique, d'animer cette constellation entière dans ses yeux à chaque fois qu'il posait ses yeux sur lui. C'était le plus beau regard du monde, la huitième merveille de Rufus. « Rufus… », murmura Robert à son oreille, avec ce ton si particulier, ce timbre vibrant de plaisir et de tendresse, cette caresse dans la voix. « C'est pour ça que je t'aime », chuchota Rufus en entrelaçant leurs doigts, tandis qu'un sourire tendre se dessinait sur les lèvres enfouies dans son cou. Parce que tu sais dire « je t'aime » en prononçant mon prénom, parce que tu as cette cartographie des étoiles dans ton regard qui s'allume dès que tes yeux m'effleurent, comme si j'étais la plus belle chose du monde. Vous aurez sans doute relevé la remarquable transition qu'est Alan, incapable de reconnaître une lettre terriblement importante quand il en voit une. Enfin, j'aime bien cet OC bêbête que j'ai convoqué tout spécialement pour que la lettre n'arrive pas à bon port. Ou sinon, quelle serait la réalité et la justesse de cette lettre ? Enfin, j'espère que cette fic vous a plu, tout du moins. Une petite review ? ","Summary":" Bon, ceci est mon premier écrit sur Cloud Atlas (ou la Cartographie des nuages pour les plus réfrac"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"A Day in the Life of the Sixsmiths","Author":"Somni-451","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9054353","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notes: In the movie, while Rufus Sixsmith and Luisa Rey are stuck in the elevator, Rufus tells Luisa about his niece, Megan. (The young, Asian woman that gives Luisa the report.) Rufus procures a picture of Megan and her parents... Megan's parents are clearly incarnations of Adam Ewing/Hae-Joo and Tilda/Somni-451. Thus, in 1973, Rufus and Adam were brothers. (Which adds a new dimension to their relationships in 2144. Of course the archivist believed Somni, once upon a time, she was his sister-in-law.) And so, I wondered... What life must have been like for the Sixsmiths during the 1970's. Considering all the tragedies they experienced during their various lifetimes, I thought, wouldn't it be nice to see them acting dull and happy? Standard disclaimers apply. Honk! Hoonnnkkkk! Hoooonnnnnnkkkkkkkk! Adam Sixsmith removed his wire-rimmed glasses and massaged his temples. He was seated in his favorite recliner, in the living room of his split-level house. Before the dying Volkswagen Beetle had rolled into his driveway, he had been enjoying the daily newspaper. His daughter, Megan, raced down the short staircase and across the living room. She grimaced and said, \"Sorry, Daddy,\" after the car-horn started to blare from the driveway once again. A quick peck upon one stubbly cheek. \"Tell Mom I said, 'bye.' Don't wait up.\" And with that, she was out the front door. The engineer jammed his glasses back onto the bridge of his nose and ambled toward the nearest window. He peeked through the blinds just as his beautiful, intelligent daughter climbed into the passenger seat of that dirty hippy's car. \"Dirty hippy,\" he hissed aloud. \"What are you doing?\" The sound of his wife's voice startled him. He whirled around to face her as his hand fell from the blind; the thin piece of plastic rebounded like a rubber-band with a surprisingly loud \"Snap!\" \"Nothing,\" he murmured. \"Megan said, 'bye.' Don't wait up.\" Bae-Chin stood in the archway that divided the kitchen from the living room; she held a basket of clean laundry in her thin arms and wore an expression that was both amused and suspicious. \"You were spying on her, weren't you?\" Her eyes narrowed, as if to say, \"Don't lie to me, Mister.\" \"I don't like him.\" Adam had learned, during their first year of marriage, that, sometimes, the best way to avoid an argument is to evade direct questions by offering other truths. \"My father didn't like you either.\" Touché. \"This is different.\" \"How?\" Fuck. He couldn't say: \"Because your father was determined to be a racist asshole until he realized that engineers make significantly more money than nail salon owners.\" (Before Adam met Bae-Chin, her father had hoped that she would marry the eldest son of a family friend. The family in question did own a nail salon. Still owned a nail salon actually.) \"Because he's a dirty hippy.\" Mrs. Sixsmith rolled her dark eyes. \"You're best friend is a dirty hippy.\" \"Ed is very clean. Furthermore, he would never, ever allow Megan to smoke marijuana.\" \"Megan is not smoking marijuana.\" \"How do you know?\" \"I don't know; I trust Megan's judgment. She's a smart girl with goals and a bright future. You don't seriously believe she'd throw everything away for a summer fling, do you?\" Adam grinned sheepishly. \"Well... Not when you say it like that.\" \"Trust our daughter. If you don't, you'll only push her into the arms of the wrong man.\" Bae-chin decided that she had effectively won the quarrel and resumed her earlier task. She hefted the basket of laundry upstairs with every intention of putting the neatly folded clothing away. However, her husband followed her into their bedroom and locked the door behind him. \"That's not why you married me, is it?\" He was not wearing his glasses. Bae-Chin's friends often asked her how she maintained her girlish figure. She always shrugged her shoulders and mentioned that her mother had never weighed more than ninety-eight pounds, except for when she had been pregnant. However, Bae-chin suspected that her husband's abnormally high sex-drive was partially responsible... She didn't want to tell her friends because they always complained about never getting laid. Bae-chin didn't want to rub their noses in her good fortune. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Did your father push you into my arms?\" The arms in question encircled her waist; his lips brushed her ear. She wanted to tell him that, the night they met, she had felt that she had known him forever; she wanted to tell him that she had fallen head over heels in love with him the first time she gazed into his eyes. She wanted to tell him that she felt like the luckiest woman in the whole world. She didn't say any of these words, just, \"Silly, silly man,\" before she kissed him. She knew she didn't have to because he knew; he felt the same way about her. ","Summary":" Notes: In the movie, while Rufus Sixsmith and Luisa Rey are stuck in the elevator, Rufus tells Luis"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Letters","Author":"42monkeys","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9331005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There are some nights that stretch into infinity, second after second that combine into millennia before the sky becomes bright again. He can't bear to watch the sunrise. He draws the curtains and faces the wall, pretending to sleep although he hasn't really in thirty years. Behind his closed eyes lie a bathroom soaked in red. There are some nights that pass in a second. He almost drifts off, only to be woken by a presence next to him in the bed; a heartbeat and an intake of breath that fill the empty space. He never turns to face it, just stares at the ceiling, reveling in the fact that his tired mind can still conjure up the image of the only man he ever truly loved. He stays still until the night has passed, always too quickly. He can never have enough time with the imagined one next to him. The worst nights are when he doesn't think of him at all, almost sleeps peacefully, is all right with the lack of a person on the other side of the bed. He can't bear it when he realizes what he's done, because he can't forget him. So he reads the letters. They've become soft, the edges dulled, the ink faded, but the passion behind the words remains. \"I love you,\" say the letters, and he whispers it back. \"So beautiful,\" say the letters, and he still has that hat, because as awful as it is to keep it, to throw it away would be so much worse. \"I shot myself,\" say the letters, and he has to push them away before a tear falls on that messy, scrawled, perfect, handwriting. He reads them over and over again, the happy and the sad, because they are all a part of him. He reads them over and over again so that he can remember. He reads them over and over again until the night he's killed, a death that parallels that of the love of his long, dim, life. And he opens a door. ","Summary":" There are some nights that stretch into infinity, second after second that combine into millennia b"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Conventions","Author":"CrankWindPencil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10854203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So this happened. Do I own Cloud Atlas? *hysterical laughter* Funny thing, guns, Robert thinks as he studies Vyvyan's pistol, held in his hand. He's sitting in the bathtub of his hotel room with the door closed and locked, and he's absolutely certain that the gun hadn't been this heavy when he'd stolen it from Ayrs. It's somehow gained a considerable amount of weight in this particular moment. He turns it over in his hands again and lets out a long breath. There's no use in delaying this, really. It's already two or three minutes past five, past when his letter to Sixsmith says he'd shot himself, and, for some reason, he can't bear the thought of lying to the other man like this. He fumbles with the gun, usually articulate hands struggling, somehow manages to cock the gun, and forces it into his mouth. The metal is cold against the roof of his mouth and he can't quite help but notice how the barrel makes his shuddering breaths audible. Finger tight around the trigger, Robert thinks that it's a fortunate thing that he isn't the good, God-fearing boy that Pater had raised and expected him to be. Even if he had been at some point, he's certainly pissed away any chance of redemption by this point. He shakes his head and any thought of Pater away. He doesn't want those to be his last thoughts. He's not exactly sure what he wants his last thoughts to be of. Quite possibly there's just no right way to go about this. Sixsmith. It occurs to him that he'd like his last thoughts to be of Sixsmith. Singular focus on his awkward, scientific, musically-blundering Sixsmith, Robert's finger slowly starts to squeeze the trigger, and- \"Damnit, Robert, where are you?!\" The voice surprises Robert and he flinches so hard that he nearly pulls the trigger. \"Robert?\" Robert looks to gun, still in his hand. Shit. How could he possibly explain this? Sixsmith is perceptive, will see right through any lies that Robert tries to placate him with. It's not as thought there are too many endings for his situation right now anyways. Shit. The bathroom's doorknob shook as Sixsmith tried to turn it. \"Robert?\" Beat. \"What?\" Robert snaps. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. Sixsmith wasn't supposed to know for a while longer at least, he wasn't supposed to find out like this, \"I-\" Sixsmith falters, taken aback by Robert's first word to him in months. \"What are you doing?\" \"Showering.\" \"The water isn't running.\" Sixsmith notes. Robert curses under his breath. \"I finished a couple of minutes ago.\" he supplies. Sixsmith hesitates. \"...Why does the clerk downstairs have my waistcoat?\" he asks, voice cautious. \"Place holder until I can pay him. Insurance.\" He's still in the bathtub and he still can't think of a way out of this. \"Look, I'll-\" he starts before he's cut off. \"Let me in.\" \"I'm hardly decent.\" Robert replies. He's starting to panic, but thinks he passed it off as incredulity. Sixsmith looses a sharp laugh. \"Since when has that mattered to you? Even so, just wrap yourself in a towel.\" \"Sixsmith-\" \"Unlock the door, or I swear to you I'll open it myself.\" Robert hesitates. Sixsmith can't know. He can't. Possibly he'd written something, said a bit too much about his situation in his last letter, but he can't have picked up on this. He can't quite think of another reason that Sixsmith would threaten to force the door open, though. \"Robert.\" He can't think, can't speak. \"Robert!\" He doesn't know what he would say, even if he could get it out. The door shakes as Sixsmith pushes his weight against it. Not much happens, and Robert can hear him outside as he takes several steps back. This time, he rams his shoulder into the door. This time, the door swings open on its hinges and Sixsmith stumbles into the bathroom. He sees Robert, looks as though he's about to say something, then sees Vyvyan's gun still in his hand. A look of shock crosses his features and Robert refuses to meet his gaze. It's an impossibly long fraction of a second before Sixsmith regains himself. \"...Explain.\" the word is choked out. Robert blinks. \"There's nothing to explain.\" he replies steadily. \"Bullshit, Robert!\" Sixsmith exclaims, surprising the both of them with the force in his voice. \"Why were you- what-...Give me the gun.\" Robert makes no effort to do so, but doesn't resist when Sixsmith pulls the gun from his hand and pockets it, either. He hardly notices it in fact. Sixsmith runs a hand through his carefully combed hair, causing it to stick up. \"...Good to see you, Sixsmith.\" Robert mutters. \"Don't.\" Snaps Sixsmith. \"I did not come all the way from London to find you dead, Robert, and that's exactly what would have happened had I gotten here any later. Don't play games.\" Robert tenses at Sixsmith's words. \"Does it look as though I was playing, Sixsmith?\" he challenges. \"You are now.\" Sixsmith retorts. Seven beats of terse silence in six-eight time, Robert counts. \"Why, Robert?\" Robert snorts, despite the weight of the situation. \"Name disgraced, broke, disowned, alone,\" There's something else too, an emptiness in his chest that he's not been able to shake off, hasn't been able to for months, but he can never find the words to explain it and this time is no exception. \"...I finished the Sextet.\" \"I don't give a damn about the Sextet!\" Robert's eyes widen a fraction of an inch and Sixsmith realizes what he's said. The Sextet is to Robert what the atom is to him. The Sextet is probably the reason Robert hadn't shot himself months ago. The Sextet is everything. And he does care, he really does, but he's caught up in the moment and everything in his perception is hopelessly skewed out of proportion. \"I'm sorry, Robert,\" the apology floods from him. \"I do care, it's-\" Robert stands up in the tub unsteadily, taking Sixsmith by surprise. \"I'll play it for you.\" he says, stepping out of the tub and onto he bathroom floor, starting towards the piano in the other room. Sixsmith stares blankly. He wants to grab Robert by the shoulders and shake him and kiss him untill he's, if not okay, at least better than he is now. But that's not what Robert wants to do. Rufus knows that nothing on heaven or earth can stop Robert Frobisher from doing exactly what he wants to do, when he wants to do it. And right now, Robert wants to play his Sextet. He follows the other man from the bathroom and sees him plopped down on the piano's bench, shuffling through sheets and sheets of staff paper. His hands are trembling as he does so and Rufus frowns. He never should have let Robert eave on his own. Not that there had been much choice in the matter, but still- His train of thought is cut off as Robert starts playing. Rufus Sixsmith is a man of science. He's proven, to himself and to Robert too many to count, that he has not the slightest inkling of musical sense. And yet... And yet as Robert's delicate fingers skitter over the piano's keys, painting the Sextet with black and white tones, he can hear where the violins play, can feel the cellos, the violas, everything. \"...It's beautiful...\" Rufus murmmers. Robert looks up to him for just a moment, a slight smirk pulling at his lips. Rufus doesn't know exactly to think The music changes into something faster, more lilting. Sixsmith isn't entirely sure what to make of it. It's different from anything else he's ever heard before, seems like the door between time and music, and pulls him to somewhere he's never been before. The piece slows again, falls back to a more solid feel, and before he knows it, it's over and Robert is standing up, leaning against the side of the piano, gaze halfway between Sixsmith and the floor. Rufus, for his part, watches Robert closely. \"...You can't do this.\" he says quietly. \"Can't do what?\" Robert asks, tone light. The casual nonchalance that Robert speaks with is the final straw for Rufus. \"A minute more and you'd have been dead, Robert! You can't just prance over to your bloody piano and pretend as though nothing happened!\" \"Nothing did happen, though.\" Robert retorts. \"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I am still alive, no?\" \"Not if-\" Robert grabs Rufus in a tight embrace and before he knows what's happening, Rufus' face is buried into the crook of Frobisher's shoulder, breaths coming as ragged gasps as warm tears leak onto Robert's top. \"Don't you dare, Robert,\" he chokes out. \"Don't you dare do that to me, I don't know what I would do if-\" he breaks off, leaning heavily on Robert. \"The boundaries between life and death are but convictions, my dear Sixsmith.\" Robert mutters. Sixsmith holds him tighter. \"Stay within those boundaries for once in your life, Robert.\" A solid minute of silence ensues. Sixsmith bites his lip nervously. \"...You have more to offer the world than the Sextet, Robert.\" Pause. \"Okay.\" the word is barely a whisper. \"I don't know wat I'd do without you.\" \"Okay.\" \"You deserve to be happy.\" \"Okay.\" \"I love you, Robert.\" Rufus can feel the other man smile through his shirt. \"Oh, Sixsmith, you sentimental old fool.\" Planning on turning this into a little series of oneshots with Robert and Rufus. They probably won't be in any particular order, but they'll definitely show up on here. I'm actually part of the way through one story right now and will try to post it sometime soon. Anywho, thanks for reading, have a fantastic day, and DFTBA! ","Summary":" So this happened. Do I own Cloud Atlas? *hysterical laughter* Funny thing, guns, Robert thinks as h"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Sixsmith's Song","Author":"Gaelcelt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10891933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] These characters are not mine. Rufus Sixsmith/Robert Frobisher. Songfiction. After the aged Sixsmith is shot and killed in his apartment, he is finally free and Frobisher awaits him, as he promised. I just had to write a happily-ever-after for Frobisher and Sixsmith. Their story still breaks my heart. I found \"Penelope's Song\" by Loreena McKennitt was most fitting, given Penelope's steadfast wait for her Ulysses (in part because in 1998 McKennitt's fiance, his brother, and a mutual friend were killed in a boating accident and I suspect that their memory partly influenced the song). This couple is the sweetest part of Cloud Atlas to me and I will never be the same after seeing Frobisher's suicide and a heartbroken Sixsmith cradles his body. They deserve their happily ever after...! Sixsmith's Song Rufus Sixsmith's final memory before everything went dark was the smell of gunpowder and his own blood… for a brief moment, spurred by the smells, he had returned to that horrible day when he thought that he'd found Robert and was greeted instead by a gunshot, after which he'd rushed to find the ghastly sight of his beloved Frobisher dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound…! No, he no longer cared that he'd been killed. He trusted that Ms. Rey would manage to send the documents to Megan. All of that would work its self out. His work was finished. As he left the shambles of his bedroom and his dead body, he finally felt the burden of nearly forty years releasing him. The light from the window shone as brightly as the sun, and yet it did not hurt his eyes. Anticipation welled up from deep within a heart that had been cruelly shattered… he knew what would come next and he hoped that it would hasten him to the man he could not forget, who had written to him, \"I believe there is another world waiting for us, Sixsmith. A better world, and I'll be waiting for you there.\" Now that the time has come Soon gone is the day There upon some distant shore You'll hear me say The warm, soothing light guided Sixsmith away from the world with which he had become disillusioned. Higher and higher it carried him, and he felt the light reshaping him. His wrinkles and old-age spot vanished, his skin becoming young and pliant again. His hand flew to his hair, which was becoming as golden and thick as it was before. \"Robert…! Robert, my darling, please be there…!\" Sixsmith's heart was more full than it had been in a long time as he came closer and closer to his destination, the butterflies in his stomach overwhelming him to the point of tears. But while he felt residual pain and sadness, he was filled with a joy so great that he couldn't help but weep. Long as the day in the summer time Deep as the wine dark sea I'll keep your heart with mine. Till you come to me. While he could not see clearly what his destination was with the light so bright, Sixsmith could not wait to arrive. His clothing now felt different, although hardly uncomfortable, but the light still obscured his view. Finally, he seemed to find his footing as he landed delicately on a steady surface. As the light began to dim to more natural levels, Sixsmith could see that he was dressed in black trousers, black boots, and a white tunic fastened at the collar by a drawstring. He could see in amazement what looked like the landscape of Corsica on an evening in springtime. Flowers were fragrant and the sunset over the sea was breathtaking to behold. He was astounded by the sights, the smells, the warmth… \"Sixsmith…! Rufus, my darling…!\" a voice come from his right side, a voice that he was afraid he would never hear again. There like a bird I'd fly High through the air Reaching for the sun's full rays Only to find you there Gingerly turning to face the speaker, Rufus froze as he caught sight of the man who always managed to take his breath away. It was Robert. He was there. He was dressed similarly to Rufus, except that he had somehow regained the vest that Sixsmith had lent to him. He was as beautiful as ever. His eyes spoke of desire, of regret, of pain, of hope of forgiveness, and overwhelmingly of love for the man who he had so cruelly left behind. \"Robert…!\" Rufus gasped, overwhelmed with emotion. \"Yes, I'm here, Rufus…!\" Robert whispered, reaching his arms out hopefully. In an instant, Rufus broke from his reverie and ran to Robert, who caught him eagerly. A clumsy but eager kiss confirmed for Sixsmith that he was real, that they were together again. \"Come, let me look at you…!\" Robert took Rufus' face in his hands as Rufus did likewise with Robert. The tousled shock of raven hair, the succulent lips, the deep green eyes… Sixsmith's vision blurred and he felt convulsions that threatened to become sobs. \"You're here, thank goodness you're here…!\" Rufus sobbed for joy as he collapsed against Robert, weeping into his lover's neck, hugging him like he was afraid that this was another dream. \"Shhh, yes darling, I'm here. Weep all that you must…!\" Robert crooned as he stroked Rufus' hair and back. And in the night when our dreams are still Or when the wind calls free I'll keep your heart with mine Till you come to me \"I can't begin to say how relieved that I am that you were right…!\" Rufus gasped as he and Robert embraced, \"I've been so afraid that I'd have to wait for you forever…!\" \"Can you ever forgive me for how I left you, my Rufus? I never wanted to hurt you so…!\" Tears pricked at Robert's eyes now, \"I felt trapped by what Ayrs was threatening to do…!\" Rufus suddenly felt the bitterness and regrets that he had of that day leaving his body, along with the residue of the horror and anguish of that moment. They hardly mattered now. \"I understand why you did what you did,\" Rufus whimpered into Robert's collarbone, \"It's haunted my dreams for so long…! As long as I'm with you again and we're safe, I'll be happy.\" \"We are safe, my love,\" Robert caressed Rufus's back, \"I have befriended many people here and they wish to meet you. No harm will come to us. And we're here, together, under the Corsican stars…!\" Rufus glanced over Robert's shoulder, amazed at the brightness of the stars, \"The Corsican stars…! Is this Heaven? How can this-?\" Robert smiled as he placed a finger to his lover's lips, \"I like to think that Heaven is the place where we were the happiest. This is where we fell in love, my Rufus. I could not think of a better place to spend eternity. And I can now share it with you. Now that the time has come Soon gone is the day There upon some distant shore You'll hear me say The room looked even more luxuriant than it had when they first spent the night in bed together. Everything was beautiful and Rufus could not imagine anything better for them. Rufus jumped in pleasant surprise as Robert kissed his neck, sliding his arms around the blond's waist. It was all that it took Rufus to keep himself from orgasm then and there. Robert chuckled before Rufus overtook him in an enthusiastic kiss. \"It's been so long, Robert…!\" Rufus gasped as they embraced. \"It has been,\" his lover crooned, both of them very aware of their mutual arousal. They doffed their tunics and soon tumbled into bed stark naked. Hands caressed over chests and taut nipples, over legs and hips, over taut buttocks, fingers and hands laced together as the two lovers enjoyed each other for the first time in nearly forty years. Rufus tenderly kissed Robert's belly and the black thicket of his loins, still fragrant from their recent orgasm, and he was overcome with lust and emotion, \"I never want this to end, Robert…!\" \"It doesn't have to,\" Robert fluffed Rufus's hair, \"We have forever, darling.\" Rufus eagerly came to rest his face over Robert's pounding heart, lacing their hands together as they kissed and cuddled. Finally, they had found peace that their former life had denied them. Long as the day in the summer time Deep as the wine dark sea I'll keep your heart with mine. Till you come to me ","Summary":" These characters are not mine. Rufus Sixsmith/Robert Frobisher. Songfiction. After the aged Sixsmit"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Forever Morning","Author":"misskalliequist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9401673","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A soft breeze flutters against blonde hair, tickling my eyes until I wake. The gentle light makes the entire room glow with a warmth that only could be described with words like \"honey\" and \"velvet\" and \"pastel\"— words that one would not think to put together, words that were seemingly not dots to be connected, but in this case they swirled with the dust that drifts between shafts of sunlight streaming from the large Cambridge hotel windows onto the bed. It's peaceful, laying on the soft linen sheets with you there behind me, your arm lightly and softly, yet steadfast and comforting, brushing my waist. The biggest of infinities would not be long enough to fulfill my need to lay with you like this Robert. Just as my mind becomes fuzzy with ecstasy from these pleasurable thoughts, I hear footsteps walking down the corridor and by instinct I tense up immediately. It's a silly habit that I wish I could rid myself of, but it happens far too often with no give so I figure it's a curse I have set upon myself due to my paranoia. The footsteps pass our door, and I relax again just to find I have woken you. As much as I enjoy our nights together, my favorite time with you is in the morning when you've just woken up. You're very irresistible like this Robert, and it's no surprise as to why I love you; with your scrunched up nose, and sleepy grey eyes that are filled with all the clichés, your bedraggled hair that sticks up in all the wrong places yet makes you that much more fetching in all the right ways, and the way you stretch you arms then run your hand through that tousled mess only to rub your eyes as you yawn with this unknowing free spirited smile that is the best way to have you all to myself on this morning. Before you're even fully alert, I tenderly grab the back of your head with one hand and kiss you softly but fully. I'm pretty sure this gets you completely awake because you're doing that silly breathy laugh that you do before the kiss has entirely finished. This makes me smile, which is quite a common side effect of my adoration for you that captivates me completely. I don't even get to take another look at you when you push me on my back and are on top of me, kissing much more passionately and consumingly. I must say that kissing you is like opening a present on Christmas Day, or seeing a shooting star in the middle of the night. Kissing you, Robert, is better than buying a new suit and drinking tea while listening to a rainstorm combined. When our lips meet I feel like I am reading a story that continuously astounds my entire self. Our lips are the ocean and the shore, consistently parting only to crash into each other time and time again, never losing their desire and lust. \"Good morning to you too.\" you chuckle as you snuggle your head comfortably in the crook of my neck, breathing warm air onto my chest. I wrap my arms around you, trying to make our bodies closer if that's even possible, \"It is a fine morning indeed.\" I reply as I breath in your sweet scent, \"You know today is our second to last day together,\" All I get a murmur of acknowledgment from you; you're more focused on drawing faint circles over my chest than you are to what I'm saying, \"How do you want to spend it?\" \"With you.\" you reply bluntly, letting out a yawn, \"And also this bed.\" this makes me smile even wider. The simplicity of only us and the sheets and pillows is a fantasy that we get to occasionally live out in reality. What a orgastic fantasy that is. I stroke your hair and wonder of the future. If I could plan every second of the rest of my entire life, it would be spent solely with you. I believe we would live in the country, where there would be no rushed city life to hassle us. It would be calm, serene. Time would go in slow motion. Noise and sound would have no conventions. There would be no discrimination against our love and their would be no music to compose. Just the heat our bodies create as we lie in a bed with silken sheets as white as porcelain in the morning sunlight. That's how I would live forever. Forever morning. Of course, I realize that is a foolish thought, completely insensible. I know you actually detest mornings. And I rarely have you for more than a few mere moments during most of them. But this day is an exception. I don't know why you have reasoned to stay with me today, but I am not the one who will question it. I normally don't understand your reasoning anyways. Instead, I embrace the notion that even if you would never admit it in daylight, you do truly mean those whispers and mutters you say when you are drunk and falling over the edge during our nights we spend together. You may claim you would never let someone tame you, that your one true love is music, but I know you better than that. I know you wouldn't keep coming back if you didn't care somewhere deep down in that implausible heart of yours. Whether you care to admit it or not, you love me just as much I love you. I never bring this up anymore, having learnt the hard way that the conversation never leads anywhere pleasant, but I know. I know. And that is enough for me. So I keep my mouth shut, par for the course, and silently enjoy the pastel, velvety honey that is the warm sunlight on our skin. I remember to appreciate this day more than others, fully aware of the fact that I am unsure when I'll get another like it. I really don't mind though, Robert. You keep me on my toes, while I like to think that I keep you grounded. Not tamed of course. Nobody could do that. I'm just the undeviating shore to your vastly erratical ocean. No matter though, I know you will always come back to meet me. ","Summary":" A soft breeze flutters against blonde hair, tickling my eyes until I wake. The gentle light makes t"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Arbitrary Conclusions","Author":"Golden Panther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10324597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Arbitrary Conclusions 28th of June 1849 My greatest regret, is not understanding a universal concept, which has become a poetic convention and an intellectual phenomenon. I have forgotten the meaning of love. The foundation of it. In my amnesia I have come up with a sickness, I do not know what it grief it will bring but the doctor assures me that it is nothing. I remember the words of a colleague back in San Francisco, a writer who wrote, \"Love is an unexplainable connection of affection that cannot be fully expressed justly into words and can only be expressed by continuous action and continuous reminder of its existence.\" Beautiful conventionalisms won't necessary help regain my conscious of this unexplainable connection but I know this to be true. There was a time when I loved you. I prayed that this conclusion would not become so arbitrary but I believe it has. I guess some things were meant to be that way. Arbitrary. -A. E. ","Summary":" Arbitrary Conclusions 28th of June 1849 My greatest regret, is not understanding a universal concep"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"This Coda","Author":"ProfessorSquirrell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10254918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For my dearest, Paula for GGE. I hope I've somehow done these two justice. And this is a sort of odd mixture of book and movie canon… just go with it, I guess. I've been married to science all my life , Rufus tells her. But he knows in his heart of hearts that's simply not entirely true. If it were, he would not have a stash of letters hidden in his briefcase. If it were, he'd have burned them all by now, let the wind carry the ashes away. He'd have let that bastard go. But no… In the split second it takes for him to change the subject, he sees the light of recognition in Luisa's eyes. She is not a fool. The daughter of Lester Rey could be anything but a fool, and he thinks he sees the glimmer of a smile behind the expression. It might be pity but he doesn't dwell on it. He's pitied himself enough. Upon his arrival back at the hotel he thinks of the two halves of a journal that he so carefully bound back together all those years ago. There's a letter that he never sent pressed between the pages, right where the two halves met each other once again, and he wishes for it now so that it may join the others scattered on his bed. The yellowed pages still smell of ink and the musty stench of the Chateau that Robert wrote about with such disdain. He even imagines that he smells Eva's perfume, and it should fill him with jealousy or regret or hatred but it doesn't. It doesn't. In a fit of nostalgia he rifles through the bedside drawer for a bit of stationary, but all he can find is a Gideon Bible with a spine that creaks and resists from lack of use. Good enough. His writing is awkward and cramped on the thin paper, but he tarries on, determined though he doesn't know why. He only knows he needs to while he still can. Bon Voyage International Hotel Buenas Yerbes, California August 9, 1975 Frobisher, I won't pretend to be as eloquent as I used to be. Certainly not as eloquent as you ever were. I'd carry on about the music I hear on a daily basis but I can't. I don't know what the hell B flat or A major even means. You of all people know that I am a scientist of mind and cannot make beauty out of the everyday as you could and I confess now that all that time your musings on the trombone or the complications of a melody not quite remembered were utterly lost on me. It was enough that you wanted to share them. Yes, even the things I'd rather you hadn't shared at the time were treasured for years. I look upon Eva's name with fondness. I read your last letter to me and my heart still aches for you, still skips a beat at the word suicide. Such an ugly word. You'd reprimand me, I'm sure, but it will always disgust me. If only I had turned on the belfry. If only I'd seen you first. To know you'd seen me and had the self restraint to leave is the wound that won't quite heal. I try not to blame you but I do. Might as well have it out now, while I'm confessing. It's true. If I didn't blame you, I wouldn't keep your letters with me always. See how I love you still? I was a foolish boy then, but you were beautiful. Selfish and a bit mad and beautiful. I'm sure I was shamefully easy to persuade but I don't regret it as much as I want to. It's been longer than thirteen years since you last wrote to me and we never did meet again in Gresham, but I swear I saw your comet today. Could have touched it if I wanted to, but she's branded on a pretty young thing. A woman. Never fancied women, never could. Don't know what you saw in them and I'm too old for such dallying anymore. But a few hours hence I'll be bound for home and this woman will help me destroy everything I've worked for. If only it were as easy as pulling the trigger on old Ayrs. I envy the simplicity of your plight, Robert. Really, I do. We never met in Gresham, and if we met earlier in the elevator, then it was anticlimactic and I'll have been sorely disappointed, but I had a dream once that when I die (and it will be soon, I promise you) I will find you in that china shop you wrote to me about tossing tea cups at the wall. I dreamt that you've been waiting for me. I'm sorry I've taken so long. Sorry I still hold onto you like a vice. Sorry my love couldn't save you. Sorry I've never heard your Sextet. Sincerely, R. S. The first time was long before the Corsican stars shone their blessing upon their heads. Long before that night on the balcony when Robert first whispered dearest Sixsmith into the other boy's ear and tugged at his shirttails. Long before he shot himself through the roof of his mouth. There are an abundance of first times recorded in journals and letters and Bibles that no one will ever read. History repeats itself, crescendos and arcs above the staves, and if there is meaning to it all, Rufus Sixsmith has struggled to find it. He wonders now as he looks down the barrel if he found it just in time, or if he is too late, but Robert's last assurances console him, even as the bullet hits its mark. We do not stay dead long. And this… this is how it always ends. A lonely third floor hotel room. Saying goodbye to a half finished love affair. A spent firework fizzling out. And a letter. ","Summary":" For my dearest, Paula for GGE. I hope I've somehow done these two justice. And this is a sort of od"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Missing You","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10589016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Missing You Robert Fronisher and Rufus Sixsmith Cloud Atlas is not mine. Based on the works of David Mitchell. And of course thanks for Lana Wachowski, Tom Tykwer and Andy Wachowski yang membawa Cloud Atlas ke dalam sebuah film. Tampak seorang pria sedang melamun, memikirkan sesuatu yang sangat menganjal pikirannya. Ada sesuatu yang malam ini menganggu pikiran dan hatinya. Semua hal itu berhubungan dengan kekasihnya yang tidak kunjung pulang lebih dari seminggu. Padahal dia sangat merindukan kekasih yang sedang jauh darinya. Pria yang diketahui bernama Robert Fronisher kini mengusap cairan bening yang meleleh tiba-tiba dari sudut matanya. Dia menghela napas berat, hujan sejak tadi sore tak kunjung berhenti. Seakan-akan hujan tengah menemaninya larut dalam kesedihan. Sudah lebih dari seminggu mereka hanya berhubungan melalui telepon namun itu belum mampu melepas semua rasa rindu yang dirasakan oleh Robert. Ingin rasanya, Robert menyusul Rufus—kekasihnya yang berada di Amerika dan menikmati waktu mereka di negeri Paman Sam tersebut. Tetapi niat Robert dia urungkan. Robert tidak ingin menganggu pekerjaan kekasihnya dan yang lebih parah mungkin Robert akan diduakan dengan pekerjaan yang sedang ditangani oleh Rufus. Sejujurnya Robert tidak akan seperti ini jika Rufus menghubungi dirinya dan mengatakan sesuatu yang dapat membuatnya melepaskan rindu. Tetapi sudah pukul sepuluh malam, Rufus belum juga menghubunginya. Dan jujur, Robert sudah mencoba untuk menghubungi Rufus, namun harus terhenti ketika dia akan menekan angka-angka yang tertera di telepon. Robert hanya takut jika dia menghubungi Rufus maka pekerjaan yang harus diselesaikan oleh kekasihnya akan tertunda dan membuat semakin lama saja Rufus di Ameika. Robert segera meletakkan gagang telepon dengan rasa kecewa dan sesak di dadanya. Lagi dan lagi, Robert menyerah dengan keadaan seperti ini. dia memandangi telepon yang berada di sampingnya dan berharap Rufus menghubunginya. Ini resiko yang harus Robert terima ketika dia menjalin dengan seseorang yang berpengaruh di dunia. Rufus Sixsmith adalah salah satu dari seratus orang berpengaruh di dunia dengan jam kerja yang super sibuk yang memiliki banyak perusahaan. Sebagian perusahaan yang dipimpin oleh Rufus adalah warisan dari orang tuanya dan sisanya adalah hasil usahanya. Tidak heran jika waktu yang diberikan Rufus untuk Robert terbilang sedikit. Dan Robert harus bisa memakluminya. Dia tidak bisa menuntut lebih, dia sudah beruntung memiliki Rufus yang bersedia menjalin hubungan dengan dirinya. Robert hanyalah aktor jalanan di London yang beruntung karena dapat bertemu dengan Rufus yang merupakan pengusaha yang sangat terkenal di London. Jika memikirkan itu semua membuat Robert menyadari bahwa seharusnya dia tidak pantas berada di sini. Pantas berada di sisi Rufus. Robert menahan rindu yang begitu besar pada Rufus. Baru saja Robert ingin memejamkan matanya, terdengar suara dering telepon yang tak jauh dari tempatnya berbaring. Dengan cepat, Robert mengangkatnya. \"Rufus.\" Ucap Robert ketika dia mengangkat gagang telepon itu. Terdengar nada yang menahan rindu. Rufus tertawa ringan di seberang sana. \"Kau merindukanku?\" Robert terdiam sejenak, memainkan kabel gagang telepon dengan gugup. \"Te-tentu saja aku merindukanmu.\" Rufus tertawa lagi. \"Aku lega mendengarnya. Aku juga merindukanmu.\" \"Bagaimana kabarmu hari ini?\" Tanya Robert, berusaha mencairkan suasana yang menurutnya sedikit kaku. \"Aku baik-baik saja. Tugas hari ini cukup banyak tetapi aku dapat menyelesaikannya dengan cepat. Bagaimana denganmu? Apa kau baik-baik saja? Dan bagaimana dengan drama yang kau mainkan?\" tanya Rufus balik dengan penuh perhatian. \"Semuanya berjalan lancar. Hanya saja ada yang kurang.\" Robert mengigit bibirnya pelan. Rufus membalas ucapan Robert singkat. \"Apa?\" \"Kau.\" Lega Robert mengatakannya. \"Kau adalah elemen penting dalam drama pertunjukanku. Saat kau tidak ada di bangku tempat kau biasa duduk. Aku merasa pertunjukanku menjadi kurang sempurna.\" Robert dapat merasakan bahwa di seberang sana, Rufus sedang menyunggingkan bibirnya. \"Walaupun begitu, pertunjukanmu sungguh sempurna.\" \"Darimana kau tahu?\" Rufus tidak menjawab. Suasana menjadi lebih hening. \"Rufus. Kau masih di sana?\" Robert memastikan bahwa Rufus masih di sana. \"Rufus?\" panggil Robert sekali lagi. Tetapi tak ada jawaban. Hingga Robert menyadari bahwa ada seseorang yang memeluknya dari belakang. Baru saja, Robert akan memberikan pukulan namun seketika itu juga Robert menahannya. Bagaimana mungkin Robert memukulnya jika yang sedang memeluknya adalah seseorang yang begitu dia rindukan ?. \"Kau!\" Agak terkejut juga mendapati Rufus bersamanya. Padahal seharusnya Rufus berjarak ribuan mil darinya. Dengan segera Robert mengatasi rasa keterkejutannya. \"Aku sangat merindukanmu.\" Dengan erat Robert memeluk Rufus yang kini tengah tersenyum jahil padanya. \"Kau jahat sekali. Berani kau membuatku seperti orang gila seperti ini.\" Tambah Robert dengan nada kesal. Rufus menatap Robert dengan lembut. \"Aku tidak jahat. Hanya saja aku ingin membuat sebuah kejutan untukmu.\" \"Dan kau berhasil.\" Robert memukul pelan dada Rufus. \"Jangan bilang kau—\" Robert memandang penuh tanya pada Rufus. Rufus menganggukan kepalanya. \"Aku menonton semua pertunjukanmu. Kau menawan seperti biasa. Kau bersinar di antara yang lain.\" Rufus mengecup pelan bibir Robert. \"Kau berhasil mengerjaiku.\" Lagi dan lagi, Robert memeluk tubuh Rufus. \"Tetapi aku senang karena kau tidak melewatkan pertunjukanku.\" Robert menyatukan keningnya pada kening Rufus. \"Aku akan melakukan apapun demi kekasihku. Tidak ada yang berharga selain menyenangkannya.\" \"Jangan merayuku.\" Robert terkekeh mendengar perkataan Rufus barusan. \"Tidak apa-apa kalau hanya untukmu.\" Robert sangat menikmati kebersamaan ini. \"Kau lelah?\" Tanya Robert, membawa dirinya menjauh dari Rufus dan segera meletakkan gagang telepon pada tempatnya. \"Tidak terlalu.\" Rufus menjawab singkat. \"Tetapi kau perlu istirahat. Mengingat kau baru mengalami perjalanan yang panjang.\" \"Aku rasa kita bisa pergi keluar.\" Rufus mengemukakan idenya. \"Perjalanan yang panjang tidak dapat mematahkan semangatku.\" \"Kau seperti biasanya. Selalu penuh dengan semangat.\" \"Bagaimana? Kau mau pergi keluar bersamaku?\" Tanya Rufus mengulangi pertanyaannya. Robert mendekati Rufus. \"Apa saja untukmu. Ayo, kalau kau ingin pergi keluar.\" \"Kau ingin kemana?\" Tanya Rufus. Robert tampak memikirkan tempat yang ingin sekali dia kunjungi. \"Bagaimana kalau kita ke restoran dekat pantai yang tidak jauh dari sini? Ada yang mengatakan padaku bahwa di sana sangat romantis. Aku ingin ke sana.\" Robert mengeluarkan pendapatnya. Rufus tersenyum membuat semburat merah terlihat di wajah Robert. \"Tentu saja. kita akan ke sana.\" Robert kembali memeluk Rufus. \"Terima kasih. Dan kau tahu betapa aku merindukanmu?\" \"Aku akan melakukan apapun untukmu. Aku yakin rasa rindu yang kita rasakan sama.\" THE END Akhirnya, Kesampaian buat bikin cerita mengenai mereka berdua ^^ Udah lama suka sama pair ini tapi baru kesampaian bikin cerita tentang mereka berdua. Dan akhir yang cukup menyedihkan ketika mereka harus terpisahkan dengan Robert yang menembak dirinya sendiri. But so far, bisa juga main ke tempat ini~ ","Summary":" Missing You Robert Fronisher and Rufus Sixsmith Cloud Atlas is not mine. Based on the works of Davi"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Zoom: Academy for Superheroes","Author":"gypsyqueen11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12810604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One: Where it All Begins \" You spend every last tomorrow looking back on yesterday. I've been where you are, so many times before; these are the moments when you find what you've been living for. This is where you fall, this is where you get up, this is where it all begins.\" -Hunter Hayes & Lady Antebellum жжж It was a regular day like every other. Jack, now forty years old and powerless, was halfway through the work day at his automotive shop \" Slow Jack's Auto Shop.\" He had lost his powers with his team and his brother, all save for the smallest bit of speed he could sometimes conjure up. As of right now, he'd managed to use his index finger to make himself a milkshake – and that was the extent of it. After Concussion had killed his team, Jack was the only original Zenith Team member left, and without any powers worth using in combat, there was no point in keeping him around at the facility. He was sent away twenty years ago, told to just head back home and try live a normal life. So that was what he did, but as one can imagine, it wasn't quite as easy to forget as he had been hoping. Wiping his hands on an oil-stained rag he'd produced from the back pocket of his jeans, Jack glanced out the window before him momentarily before he would head back to the garage and finish up the job he'd been in the middle of. But out that window, was something that caught his eye enough to distract him. Doing a quick double take, he narrowed his eyes at the beautiful woman in a flattering green dress about to cross the street in front of his shop. Over the years, Jack had succeeded in developing a typical egotistical, womanizer attitude, so he made his way to the entrance without a second though to get a better look – determined to greet whoever it was if she was planning on coming into the shop. From the threshold, now leaning against the door frame, Jack held his gaze as the woman stood across the street and took off her sunglasses. He wasn't certain just what was so intriguing about her, nor what set her aside from any other woman he'd taken interest in, but something told him that his presence across from her was vital. She began to cross the road, heading in his direction, which initially pleased him as he hoped for an interaction, but that pleasant feeling soon morphed into utter confusion as an accelerating car came around the corner and sped past her. If the car had hit her, she would have been done for, she was clearly unscathed and yet Jack watched in puzzlement as she held a dramatic hand to her forehead and fell to the ground. He sensed that something foul was at play, but that looming notion was put aside for the time being as Jack quickly made his way to where she sat in the middle of the road and he picked her up off the ground and ushered her to safety inside the shop before any other vehicles could cause damage. \"You sure you're alright?\" He reiterated as the two of them rounded the corner, nearing the garage. He didn't understand the situation, but the woman was acting extremely strangely, it was as if she was looking around and waiting for something to appear. If she responded, Jack didn't hear it. His eyes remained glued on the floor in thought as he tried to piece together the bits and pieces of the circumstances. But his mind was easily distracted, and his vision soon shifted to the woman's shoes. She wore a pair of sky-high black high heels that couldn't have been comfortable – it was no wonder she'd fallen in the street. Thanks to the direction of his gaze, Jack noticed the slight puddle of oil on the ground of the garage a split second before she stepped in it. \"Watch out for the –\" his warning had been cut short as the woman slipped on the stain and fell to the ground once more. \" grease .\" Though finished his precautionary sentence had been futile, Jack suppressed a sigh as he began to notice a pattern with this clumsy woman. He knelt down to help her up for the second time since they'd met a few minutes ago and involuntarily locked eyes with her. Up close, he noticed that he'd been correct in assuming she was attractive, but it was her eyes that caught his attention. He figured that he was being senseless, but he currently seemed to believe that he'd never seen eyes such a beautiful shade of electric blue before until this very moment. Suddenly recognizing the sound of the vehicle that had just nearly killed her driving into the garage of his shop, Jack clenched his teeth knowing that he was about to be dragged into something. \"Come on, get up.\" He said impatiently, pulling her to her feet yet again before turning around to face whatever was to come. He wasn't sure what he was expecting from this strange vehicle, but he surely didn't expect Dr. Ed Grant to step out from the passenger seat. As Jack realized that whatever was happening had something to do with Area 52, he could feel his fists clenching in defensive anxiety. \" Grant? \" He demanded, as two more men who he assumed were bodyguards of some kind exited the car. \"Zoom!\" Grant responded enthusiastically, as if nothing had changed in the twenty years since the two of them had last seen each other. Hearing the label that he'd been pegged with, Jack felt nearly every muscle in his body tense. \"It's Jack .\" He ordered definitively, \"What are you doing here?\" Though it was a question, it may as well have been a command. \"We're starting up a new team!\" Grant's strangely chipper attitude clearly had not changed, and Jack still felt the need to ridicule it. For the sake of everyone involved, he severely hoped that Grant was kidding about his statement. \"What, men's slow-pitch softball?\" While Grant's attitude had not changed, neither had Jack's everlasting sarcastic humour that rubbed so many people the wrong way. To his fear, Jack realized that Grant had not been kidding as he began to explain the logistics of the situation. But the entire situation had left Jack in such a state of shock that he hadn't even been able to listen to the words that Grant was saying until he was interrupted by the clumsy woman. Upon her addition to the conversation, Jack looked over at her in perplexity with a slightly self-righteous look on his face. \"Why is the green dress talking?\" At his sarcastic comment, the woman frowned while narrowing her eyes and inhaling sharply. Judging by her involvement in whatever was happening as well as her reaction to Jack's rudeness, he sensed that this would be the beginning of a beautiful friendship . \"I'm a psychologist.\" Her sentence had trailed off slightly, Jack could tell that whatever confidence she had was dwindling in this precarious situation. \"Oh,\" Grant said rather awkwardly, he had always had a strange way of dealing with things. \"this is Marsha Holloway, she works for Area 52.\" Looking away from the woman, who was now nothing but tainted in his mind, Jack began to listen to the rest of Grant's explanation. So, it was true, they really were assembling a brand new Zenith Team, even if the last one had gone down in flames. Jack immediately knew that he wanted absolutely nothing to do with this, he was out of the game – permanently. He didn't believe that anything could possibly be different, especially not with these two acting as the brains of the matter. Grant was clearly scientifically intelligent, but Jack didn't exactly have confidence in his judgement, and this Marsha Holloway woman couldn't be anything but ditsy – her good looks confirmed that. Jack understood why they needed him, he was the only one left. He had all the experience, but he was lacking power, which is why he would be the perfect fit. He could help lead the facility to success but if he disliked the way things were done, he wasn't powerful enough to act out against it. It was for this reason among many that his attitude towards Area 52 and anyone involved with the installation would always be nothing but bitter and resentful. Above all that, he had no interest in being the captain of another Zenith Team – that life was behind him. Within a few moments, it became obvious that Grant had predicted Jack might react in this way, because he had brought along a little something that would help get the former superhero back to the hidden military installation in Death Valley by whatever means necessary. Though Jack should have been expecting a little brute force, the dart gun – filled with what, he didn't know – still caught him off guard. Apparently, not everyone had been informed about this particular of the plan, so Miss Holloway was just as shocked as Jack was. \"You can't shoot him!\" She exclaimed hurriedly before attempting to push the gun away from Dr. Grant. Unfortunately, in doing so, the trigger was pulled, and the dart rebounded off the ceiling once before lodging itself in Jack's shoulder. The last thing that he saw before everything went black was Grant and Marsha – wide-eyed and shocked. \" Sorry.\" He heard her say quietly, but her words bounced around inside his head as the world faded.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: The A Team \" They say she's in the class A team, stuck in her daydream, been this way since eighteen. But lately, her face seems slowly sinking, wasting, crumbling like pastries. And they scream, the worst things in life come free to us.\" -Ed Sheeran жжж Before Jack even opened his eyes, he was fully aware that he now found himself back in the very place that he hoped and believed he would never be forced to return to. Blinking away his subdued internal anger and bracing himself for whatever he might find upon opening his eyes, the image of Dr. Grant's overly enthusiastic face was brought to his attention, though the things that the older man was saying were admittedly ignored as Jack observed his vaguely familiar surroundings. Though Jack could feel the rage simmering inside of him, he knew that he was in fact powerless in this situation. This was the government he was dealing with, they believed themselves to be the ultimate power. So, he let Grant talk on and on about whatever it was that would come next as Jack was lead down a nearby hallway. Where they were going, he didn't know. Jack was surprised to see that not much had changed since the last time he'd been there, the hallways seemed hauntingly familiar. Through Grant's endless words, Jack learned that he would be part of the adjudication panel for judging the candidates of this new team as well as training whoever they decide on. Right before the suffocation of what was happening could overcome him, Jack and Grant were joined by a woman who was struggling to keep up to the two men with her petite stature and heeled-shoes. Initially, Jack believed this to be a stranger, and was therefore confused as to why she was talking as if she knew exactly who he was and what she was doing here. It wasn't until she tripped over thin air and fell to the ground at his feet that he realized it was Marsha Holloway from what must have been earlier that day. After helping her up off the ground with a roll of his eyes, he took a step back and took in her new appearance. Her previous glamour was attempting to be hidden behind her thick glasses and oversized lab coat, but she was clearly the same person. \"Do you have an inner-ear problem?\" He said in sarcastic disbelief, not forgetting his distaste for this particular woman even if he did find himself uncontrollably attracted to her all the same. Before any kind of argument could break out between the two of them, Dr. Grant reintroduced her as the leading psychologist of Area 52 in the realm of metaphysical studies as well as human psychology and a bright smile spread across her face. Jack could tell by the stars in her eyes that she had some very high standards for him. He personally couldn't wait to disappoint her. After this one encounter, Jack smirked as he believed that he had her completely pegged. She was one of those infuriatingly optimistic people with the naïve idea that certain people are much greater than they truly are. Jack felt like a bit of a robot as he walked between the two scientists while Grant continued to talk. He most definitely did not belong here, maybe he did at one point – or he thought he did – but not anymore. Jack was naturally skeptical, it was who he was as a person, but the trauma that he'd experienced in his life had only added to that and made him now utterly impossible to deal with. He knew that he would be the undoing of at least one or two people here at this facility, and he was looking forward to seeing just how far he could take his apathetic attitude before people started breaking. As their walk of unknown destination continued, Jack initially tried to tune out the chatter beside him, but it was Miss Holloway's words that caught his attention. Not for the content, per se, but because he thought he had her all figured out, and he wanted to prove that, so he listened. It was exhausting, to say the least; never before had he ever met anyone with such blind optimism. Jack was truly hoping that at least some of this cheerfulness was forged, if not, he feared she might be clinically insane. With a tiresome sigh, Jack decided that he didn't care to find out. Whatever the case may he, he had a feeling that their many, many differences would soon come to light and that their future encounters with each other may not be entirely pleasant. After Jack had been introduced to a room of applauding scientists, the real work was already about to begin. The trio stood in a large, glass viewing panel above what appeared to be the exact same room that Jack and his original team trained in back in the eighties. When Grant announced that they were going to bring in the candidates, Jack was utterly confused when he saw an endless lineup of children enter the gymnasium below. Judging on what he saw, there couldn't have been a single candidate older than eighteen. Jack glanced around himself, hoping to see the same confusion on the faces of his fellow judges that he wore on his own. To his left, Dr. Grant seemed preoccupied with his clipboard of notes and to his right, Miss Holloway was positively teeming with excitement. All things combined sent Jack into a tailspin of skepticism. Moments later, Dr. Grant was leading the way down the heavy staircase that would lead to the gymnasium. Before entering the stairwell, Jack stepped to the side, seemingly to let Marsha walk before him, but he stopped her before she could pass by him. \"You realize that you've got a bunch of kids down there.\" He said sarcastically, hoping that at least one other person would realize how ridiculous the situation was. They could potentially have a team made up of six-year-olds. Picking up on Jack's cynicism, Miss Holloway gave him a simple smile as she spoke. \"You might be surprised.\" Was all she said before moving past him and following Grant into the open area. Jack remained motionless momentarily, rolling his eyes with a sigh and shoving his hands in his pockets before accepting his fate and joining the others. жжж After four hours and thirty candidates, the final decision had been made. The task was simple, the children would demonstrate their supposed power, Jack, Miss Holloway, and Dr. Grant would assess their abilities, discuss their opinions with each other, and then come to a conclusion. This was all something that should have taken mere minutes per candidate, but they all quickly realized that Jack and Marsha were conceivably not the best pair to attempt to come to a unanimous decision in a short amount of time. Technically, if Jack would be training the children physically and Miss Holloway would be training them psychologically, it should have only been the two of them on the adjudication panel. But it was clear now that Dr. Grant's presence was necessary as a referee between the two of them. Unfortunately, this was not an easy task, and he gave up after the fourth child demonstrated their abilities. Because of Jack's utter inability to conform to the idea of being easy to work with, he couldn't help but pinpoint the most minute of problems in every candidate. He didn't feel the need to tiptoe around their feelings simply because they were children, he just wanted to get it all over with while expressing just how badly he didn't want to have any involvement with the entire program. Miss Holloway had an entirely different mindset, and that was what led to the downfall of their dynamic. If she had her way, the team would have consisted of all thirty children, most of which possessed completely useless talents that could hardly be classified as powers. But she seemed certain that with the right training, they could each be considered superhuman. She herself knew that this was nothing short of foolish, but she just couldn't bear to risk seeing a dejected look on a single one of their faces. It was because of this that she tried her hardest to fight for every child who showed even the slightest bit of potential – something that Jack rather enjoyed arguing. After a while, he grew agitated and her persistent inability to see anything negative in people only made him want to argue even harder the other way. This combined with the fact that for some reason, it seemed that Miss Holloway was jut one of those people who Jack felt the excessive need to ague with led to a very long day. Throughout the painful audition process, merely four children stood out that all three judges could unanimously agree on. Thankfully, it was clear that these were the candidates that would be selected in the end, as their powers were not only the most prominent, but they would be the most useful in a situation that required combat. The first of these candidates came in the form of a rather overweight twelve-year-old boy named Tucker Williams. Upon approaching the panel of judges, he stood silently and unmoving for a moment, as if he was unsure where exactly his powers would come from. When nothing happened, Jack lowered his eyebrows in impatient confusion and glanced to his right where Miss Holloway sat. \"So, is he doing it or is he just naturally this chubby?\" Before Marsha could even reprimand him for his sarcastic comment, the boy's left food suddenly expanded as if it was filled with air, causing his shoe to fly off. When he proceeded to do the same with his entire head, it became clear that this was something they could work with. Looking to his right once again, Jack noticed Marsha giving him a grin that seemed to scream the words I told you so . Next came a seventeen-year-old boy by the name of Dylan West. He appeared to be the epitome of the teenage stereotype, nonchalant, in need of a haircut, and popping a piece of gum while he slouched before the judges with his hands in the pockets of his baggy blue jeans. Due to these factors, Jack was immediately rendered unimpressed and began to mock him without missing a beat. To his credit, the boy remained unfazed by Jack's sarcastic ridicule as he shrugged his shoulders before turning his entire body invisible and guaranteeing himself a spot on the team. Following Dylan was Summer Jones, a tall girl of sixteen years old with an eerie look in her eyes. Though she was young, her words seemed to convey that she was knowledgeable well beyond her years. She silently used nothing but her mind to lift a glass off the desk before her and shatter it against the nearby wall, displaying her power of telekinesis. Yet again, Jack couldn't help but make fun of her power. \"I see things.\" Summer argued in an attempt to make him take her seriously. \"Do you see dead people ?\" Jack mocked, which he sensed prompted a roll of Miss Holloway's eyes from beside him. He was correct in this assumption, Marsha simply sighed upon realizing that the teenaged girl before her was more mature than the adult man beside her. \"I see that you suffer from a massive superiority complex.\" She said sarcastically – clearly it was just the opposite – before leaving the centre of the room and taking a seat with the rest of the contestants. While Miss Holloway was focused on trying not to laugh at Summer's rebuttal, Jack leaned towards her and continued the joke. \"I try to hide that so well.\" Finally, one of the youngest contestants came forward. Cindy Collins, an undeniably adorable six-year-old girl with blonde ponytails. Seemingly confused about the task at hand, she began to sing the alphabet as opposed to display whatever power she supposedly possessed. Jack immediately raised his eyebrows in confusion and looking to his right for confirmation that her song was not in fact her power, but Marsha seemed only in awe of the child's innocence and it was clear to Jack that she would not be stopping the little girl from singing her song any time soon. With a sharp sigh, Jack wondered if he was the only sane adult in the whole facility, and told the girl to stop. \"That's not a talent, you're singing the alphabet.\" He looked down at the child's file which he held in his hands as he spoke rather harshly, \"And your voice isn't super, it's average .\" With these final words, the little girl narrowed her eyes while approaching the desk, \"It is too super.\" Was all she said before picking up the desk and throwing it against the wall with a warning glint in her eyes. Shocked, Jack raised his eyebrows in disbelief and looked to Marsha, who was sporting a satisfied smile, as if there was no doubt in her mind that this little girl would do something impressive. With the team finally selected, Jack had hoped that the worst was over, but his hopes were soon crushed with the realization that he would be expected to train these children to become nothing short of heroic. While the children were waiting in what would soon become the classroom in which they would train with Miss Holloway, the three adults prepared for the next step in the procedure. Marsha believed that this step would likely be the most challenging, and that was introducing the children to the great Captain Zoom. жжж First impressions had gone exactly how Miss Holloway had feared they might go. Unfortunately, this was the exact opposite of how she hoped they would go. Needless to say, Jack left the already nervous children feeling nothing short of terrified about what was to come at the facility. He had recklessly put the notion into their heads that they would inevitably be blasted with Gamma-13 radiation just as his team had been. Within mere minutes of Jack speaking to the new team, Miss Holloway had ordered him into the hallway. \"I already told you, we will not be dosing the children!\" She said, keeping her voice quiet but strained as she tried her hardest to get through to the problematic man before her. Jack crossed his arms as he reflected on the children he'd been introduced to. Frankly, he wasn't sure that they had the potential to get anywhere without a little radiation. \"Well Sweetheart, \" across from him, Miss Holloway narrowed her eyes at the sarcastic use of the would-be endearing nickname, \"based on what I've seen in there, \" Jack gestured to the room from which they'd just emerged, \"I think you may want to dose them just a little bit. \" Suddenly, Marsha wondered if Jack could say anything that wasn't sarcastic while also fighting back the urge to wipe the teasing grin off his face. She wasn't sure how she would manage that one, a slap most likely, but there were other options that she tried to convince herself she wasn't considering. Initially, she'd hoped that his arrogantly rude demeanor was simply a result of not wanting to participate in anything related to the Zenith Program, but Marsha now inhaled sharply as she realized that this might just be who he was . It was now clearer than ever that Captain Zoom was nothing more than a character constructed around the sarcastic man standing in front of her. Jack Shepherd was the reality behind the hero, and she couldn't stand him. \"I don't think you understand their sensitive conditions!\" Her voice was growing louder now, but she needed to make him see that the children were scared and needed someone to look up to, not someone to put even more fear into their minds. But her argument was in vain, as Jack's sanctimonious attitude didn't falter. \"What about my sensitive condition?\" Jack was forced to lean forwards due to the large height difference between the two of them, prompting him to consider just how ridiculous their argument was. \"I'm being forced to betray children for money. \" They stood in brief silence for a moment, though their eyes continued to argue wordlessly. \"Are you done ?\" Marsha asked, developing a sarcastic tone of her own. Giving her a look that was teeming with provocation, he decided to target her a little more personally before their argument could come to an end. \"I left a little pause in there in case you wanted to slip and fall again.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Under Pressure \" Why can't we give ourselves one more chance? Why can't we give love one more chance? Cause love's such an old-fashioned word, and love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night, and love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves.\" -Queen and David Bowie жжж Jack had only been back at Area 52 for two days, but it felt like it must have been at least a year. After the fatiguing process of selecting which children would form the new and improved Zenith Team, Jack had hoped that his days at the facility would only get easier. Unfortunately, when the next day rolled around, he was proven incorrect. With his unpropitious first impression left on the children, Miss Holloway had been trying her very hardest to clean up after Jack, but she regrettably would be forced to leave certain things in his hands. Jack's second day at Area 52 had turned out to be even more trying than the first, as that was the day that he would officially begin training the children. In the morning, they would attend their psychological training with Miss Holloway, and after lunch they would be with him in the gymnasium for their physical training. The quick progression from being selected for the team to beginning training seemed suspicious to him, and it made Jack wonder just what they were being trained for and why it felt like he was working on borrowed time. The whole ordeal left Jack feeling unsettled and on edge. He hadn't really trusted Area 52 and the government that surrounded it over twenty years ago when the original team was in its prime, and that feeling only worsened with every passing day after the Gamma-13 incident. The main source of uncertainty came from the fact that Jack had no idea who he could and couldn't trust, so in his mind, the only acceptable solution to this problem was to trust absolutely no one. He decided to live out the rest of his days in the facility while being suspicious of anyone and everyone involved with it, a way of life that made working alongside him extremely difficult for certain people. The children's first day of training went smoothly with Marsha, as she talked them through any questions they might have had and ultimately made them feel a lot better about whatever was in store for them. Unfortunately, Jack didn't seem to take on this same approach. Their first session of physical training was stressful and demanding while Jack continued to display his apathetic and sarcastic tendencies. Because this could grow boring for him, he began to search for faults that he hadn't even considered before. During a break in their training, Jack realized that he was skeptical of the psychological training that they had received hours earlier. \"What did you learn with Miss Holloway?\" He asked in such a way that made the kids wonder if he was being serious or not. \"Why do you care?\" Dylan answered definitively before walking away to join the rest of his team. \" Touché .\" Jack raised an eyebrow but continued to ponder his inquiry. He simply didn't know what good she could possibly be doing for the team. Someone without any powers of their own doesn't know nearly enough about the psychological aspect of them even if she'd devoted her life to studying them. The next day of training came about in a similar manner. Miss Holloway taught them sufficiently, and Jack refused to put his heart or even his mind into anything regarding his training. The main part of the physical training sessions was for Jack to inform the kids about their powers and help them develop and control them as well as work them out to build up natural strength for combat. This should have been simple task as he had powers of his own years ago and knew plenty about many aspects of what it was like to use them to one's advantage. Unfortunately for everyone, Jack's apathy didn't allow him to see the importance of putting any effort into training the children in an in-depth manner. Coaching them would take selfless work and attention, and those were things that he just wasn't willing to put into anything involving the team. Not only that, he didn't necessarily know how to train the kids, and he certainly didn't want to, so instead of trying to figure it out, he simply gave them a vague idea of what they could do while he worked himself out for his own way to pass time. Getting into shape would be helpful if the time ever came for Jack to help the children in combat, but that wasn't exactly high up on the list of necessities at this point in time. But the children are intelligent, and the two older kids on the team could easily team up to take the training into their own hands to that it wouldn't be a complete waste of time. This along with Miss Holloway's training could hopefully develop their powers, but it was Jack's attitude that was truly holding everyone back. Not only did it evoke much uncertainty from the team of children, but it absolutely exhausted Marsha, who was supposed to be considered his partner in the endeavor of training the team. Her and Dr. Grant were often rendered impatient with Jack's antics as the two of them were putting their time and effort into the team and Jack simply refused to do so. The kids needed him more than ever; they were living and learning in a foreign place that didn't seem at all homey, they had no idea what their powers would be used for in the future, and more than anything they just needed someone to look up to. They needed a captain to follow. They needed someone who knew what it was like to be in their shoes, someone who they knew would always keep their best intentions in their thoughts and actions. While it was Jack who needed to step up and fill this position, it was Miss Holloway who truly came forward. It was true that she wanted nothing but safety and success for the children and they trusted her almost immediately, but she simply couldn't help them in certain ways that she knew Jack could thanks to his experience on the original team. Everyone working close to the team was affected by Jack's refusal to participate. Dr. Grant's hopes were fading, and one could practically see him growing more tightly wound with every day as he worried about not meeting the tyrannous General Larraby's standards. And though Jack had initially thought it to be impossible, even Marsha's hopeful demeaner was beginning to falter and her invariable smile was beginning to fade. The optimist that she constantly sported had seemed to become merely a façade. For reasons that were unknown to him at the time being, this was something that Jack actually found unsettling. In his mind, Marsha's positivity was an unchangeable force to be reckoned with, if he was actually capable of breaking this, he must have been severely difficult. After two disastrous days of training – or lack there of – it was not lost on Jack that his conceited indifference was causing exhaustion to everyone around him. But there was only one person who consistently acknowledged this and actually called him out on it. The children assumed that there was nothing they could do about Jack's lack of concern, and Grant was too involved with other things to really put much attention to it, but Miss Holloway was constantly voicing her worries. Somehow, there was a particular corner in the western sector of the facility where the two of them had managed to physically run into each other on several separate occasions. This seemed to happen no matter how hard he worked at avoiding her. It was at these times that she would give him a piece of her mind for not putting in an acceptable amount of effort when it came to the children. But it wasn't only this corner, the arguments would break out if they encountered each other around various parts of the facility. Not only that, there were times that they would seek each other out, sometimes even waiting at the other's door, simply to argue with each other. Jack had initially been impressed, he wasn't expecting Miss Holloway to turn out to be the only person he'd ever met who could easily match him in a battle of wits and words. Jack tried not to let the words she was saying resonate with him, he argued for the mere satisfaction of feeling something. Either that or he simply enjoyed the glint in her eyes that appeared whenever he aggravated her. But the last thing that he wanted was for someone to actually get through to him. Deep down, he knew that he was being unpleasant and overly difficult, but he didn't need anyone actually forcing him to let himself care about things again or put passion into anything that could be considered a risk. Frankly, he thought was impossible. Apparently, this was something that he took for granted. The one thing that he had to admire about Miss Holloway was her persistence. The fact that she must really care about the wellbeing of the team in order to berate him so frequently was not lost on him. Over the past couple days, she'd been putting all her resources and energy into helping them be the best that they can be and supporting them along the way. She spent a great deal of her time attempting to convince Jack to do the same. All things considered, she couldn't just be someone who was merely interested in the team's success for the sake of the facility. To do what she did took someone who was invested in their genuine prosperity. Something that Jack didn't realize, was that there was no real reason that he should seek out Miss Holloway simply to argue with her. She had cause to do so, but he should have had the rationale to put more effort into avoiding her if this was the case. He knew full well that each one of their encounters would end with the slamming of a door – usually hers – but even so, he sought her out. Perhaps he was more willing to let someone work their way past his defences than he was aware of. жжж Upon awakening the next morning just as bright and early as everyone else did, Jack was not looking forward to the third day of training. It was Wednesday, which he had been informed was the one day of the week devoted to assessing the children's abilities and improvements. This meant that there would be no training with Miss Holloway as she would be right alongside him taking notes of her own. Though he was dreading the day ahead of him, Jack noted that he was somehow feeling rather refreshed and was confused for a moment before realizing that it was because he no longer had the headache that he had fallen asleep with. Conjuring up the memory of how he'd gotten the headache in the first place, he was reminded of the argument he'd had with Marsha at the end of the previous day. Everything she said to him was right, of course, but he would be damned if he was going to admit that to himself let alone her. In his opinion, she would simply have to open her eyes to the fact that this is who he was , there was nothing that she could say or do to change that. It didn't take long, however, for him to realize that he might not have had her as figured out as he had believed he did a few days ago. There was something about her that resulted in confusion and he wasn't sure why, but it annoyed the hell out of him. She annoyed the hell out of him. Her irritating optimism, her naïve outlook, her persistency, her inability to let things go, he couldn't stand any of it. So why did he still find himself cleaning up his appearance that morning with her in mind? With a shake of his head, he decided that that was a question for another day. By the time that Jack had finally made his way to the observation chamber above the gymnasium, Dr. Grant and Miss Holloway were already in the middle of assessing Cindy's powers below. Upon evaluating Marsha's disposition from afar and deeming her all too chipper for so early in the morning, he braced himself for her excitement with a sigh. \"It's remarkable!\" He heard her saying to Dr. Grant, who seemed a bit tired himself though he tried to humour her with a nod of his head. \"Two point five tonnes per arm!\" Marsha excitedly scribbled something along those lines on the clipboard in her hands before turning her attention back to the young girl in the training room who was effortlessly holding ten thousand pounds above her head. If she had heard Jack enter the room, she didn't acknowledge it. Finally allowing his presence to be known, Jack stepped in between the two scientists and gave Grant an understanding look before reckoning himself prepared to glance in Miss Holloway's cheerful direction. She must not have heard him enter the room after all, because she looked rather surprised to see him. Before she could stop herself – because she surely would have had she considered her words – she spoke. \"Wow, you shaved .\" After realizing what she'd said, a slight blush came to her cheeks as she bit her tongue. Wondering why she had recently acquired the unbecoming talent of exclaiming things without even thinking about what she was saying, she realized that Jack seemed to have the ability to sway her judgement. He himself looked nothing but pleased at her statement as he revelled in the pink on her cheeks. Satisfied that she'd distinguished his efforts, he leaned towards her flirtatiously, \"Wow, you noticed .\" He hoped that she would at least acknowledge his advances, but she'd proven time and again to be thoroughly oblivious with respect to all the flirting that he'd been doing. Although, it may supposedly have gone unnoticed due to all the arguing that they'd also been doing. Turning his attention to the subject at hand, the first thing that Jack noticed about Cindy was not the exceptional use of her powers, but the clothing that she was sporting. The pink princess dress that she had on looked like it had come straight from a costume store, and Jack didn't have any idea as to why she was allowed to wear such a getup during professional training. Needing to address the issue, Jack hit the button on the nearby intercom which projected his voice down to the young girl in the training room. \" What are you wearing?\" He said, with a rather defeated tone to his voice. \"I'm a princess!\" She stated as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, successfully avoiding his question. Depleted, Jack looked to his right where Miss Holloway stood, hoping to get some help from her. Instead, he found that she was once again overcome by Cindy's charmingly childish antics. He rolled his eyes and continued to argue with the six-year-old. \" Cindy, you're not a princess.\" \"But I look pretty!\" Everyone in the room above could sense a tantrum coming, but Jack continued to press father. \"Yeah, but pretty girls don't have any real friends and never get any respect,\" he didn't even glance in Marsha's direction as he formulated a way to insult her while speaking to Cindy, \"take Miss Holloway, for instance.\" \" Hey ,\" was all Marsha had the chance to argue with before Jack's hand was on her back, urging her to flee to safety as Cindy threw a weight at the booth, successfully shattering supposedly unbreakable protective glass. жжж Later that day, Jack's hopes for having a minute to spend in silence were obliterated when he accidentally ran into Marsha around that infamous corner. Before Jack could even apologize, she spoke in a hurried but not particularly unpleasant voice, \"Oh good, I was just looking for you…\" As she began, Jack took on a skeptical demeanor. She was never pleased to see him, which meant that there was likely some kind of favour that she needed from him. \"…I need you to talk to Cindy.\" \" Me? \" He interrupted before she could explain any more. He wanted to make it plainly obvious that he wanted nothing to do with whatever she had in mind for him, but before he could even begin to object, she was leading him towards the closed door of the children's classroom. Through the small window pane, Jack could see the young girl sitting in the room swinging her legs absentmindedly at her desk with her back to them. \"You have to get her to stop throwing things, not only is it dangerous, but it's costing us funds.\" Luckily, Miss Holloway was looking at Cindy through the window as she spoke to Jack, if she had been looking in his direction she would have seen the nonchalant look on his face and started an argument that neither of them really wanted to have. \"That's not my problem,\" Jack shrugged impatiently with a bitter role of his eyes. \" you deal with it.\" Upon hearing his objection, Miss Holloway finally looked his way, with the slightest hint of surprise in her eyes. For some reason, no matter how familiar she had become with his apathetic ways, she would always be expecting him to do the right thing and unwillingly be taken aback whenever he refused. \"I really think it would be better if you could talk to her. Besides, it might show her that you're the leader of their team and that you're the person who she'll go to for things.\" Jack suppressed the urge to chuckle bitterly at her naïvely optimistic hopes for him, \"You know I have no interest in being that person.\" Letting out a sigh that resulted more from exhaustion and disappointment than irritation, she really hoped that Jack didn't walk away from her just yet as she didn't really feel like chasing him down the hallway. \"Couldn't you just –\" \"I don't get why you don't just talk to her.\" Jack interrupted her plea, \" You're the shrink, isn't that kind of your thing? \" \"I talk to her all the time , Mr. Shepherd.\" Miss Holloway attempted to keep her temper controlled, though her teeth were clenched. \"Would it kill you to just deal with this one issue?\" And just like that, her voice had taken on what Jack knew to be a specifically agitated tone that signified the transition from their conversation into an argument. \" Yeah , I really just don't care enough about any of this to step in at this point.\" He argued sarcastically, knowing that it would only irritate her further. His condescending tone evoked the narrowing of her eyes as she continued. \"It's not like I'm asking you to -\" \"Why can't you just do it yourself if it's so -\" \"Jack, please. \" Her voice had shifted from argumentative to fatigued and definite, even with slight traces of pleading. It was clear that she could continue arguing should she need to, but she was finalizing her argument by merely asking him if he would simply do this one thing for her . Jack didn't know what it was, and he was certainly unfamiliar with whatever had shifted inside of him in that moment, but he could feel himself easily caving to her wishes and all he could do was sigh in an admission of defeat. As he rolled his eyes once more and moved past her to enter the classroom, he caught the glimpse of a pleasantly surprised smile forming on her face. If she'd known that getting him to agree to her wishes was that simple she would have tried it a long time ago. And if he'd known that agreeing to her wishes resulted in getting to see that smile, he would have tried it a long time ago. \"Mr. Shepherd,\" Cindy called to him before he was even finished entering the room. \"what were you and Miss Holloway talking about out there?\" Jack could now see that Cindy wasn't simply passing time in the classroom by herself out of boredom, she had about a dozen Barbie dolls spread out on her desk and was currently putting barrettes into the hair of one of them. \"Apparently, I'm supposed to tell you that you've got to stop throwing things around when you get frustrated.\" He said, hoping that their conversation would be quick and easy, so he didn't even bother to pull up a chair, instead he shoved his hands into his pockets casually. Unfortunately for him, Cindy seemed to completely ignore what he'd just said and moved on to a topic of her own choosing. \"You're going to marry her, you know.\" She said decisively with a mischievous grin and moved on to the next doll. Confused, Jack had no idea what she was talking about. \" What? Who –\" \"Miss Holloway,\" Cindy said, as if it was the simplest thing in the world. \"you're going to marry her.\" Jack raised his eyebrows and tried his hardest not to laugh sarcastically, the thought of him and Marsha even getting along at this point in time was enough to evoke satirical implications. \"Where the hell did you get that idea from?\" \"Well, you like her, don't you?\" She asked innocently. \" Cindy, \" Jack now finally deemed in necessary to sit down in a nearby chair that was entirely too small for him. \"have you not seen us together?\" \"I know that you guys fight a lot, but that's not what I mean. I mean you like her like her.\" As she continued to brush her doll's hair, the mischievous smile reached her eyes as Jack realized she enjoyed teasing him. \"Kid, I can promise you right now that we're not going to get married , that's ridiculous.\" \"Then what were you talking about in the hallway?\" \"Not marriage .\" Jack said rather defensively, but Cindy just looked on expectantly, telling him to get to the point. \"Well, it's like I said before, people are getting…\" he struggled to find the correct term, \"… concerned about the way that you react when you get frustrated.\" \"You mean when I throw things?\" \"Yeah, it's not safe, you could end up hurting someone, and I'm sure you don't want that.\" \"Okay, I'll stop.\" She said with a smile and went back to her dolls. Jack raised his eyebrows, if only arguing with everybody was that easy. He stood to leave the room when Cindy spoke once more in a teasing tone, \"I still think you're going to marry Miss Holloway.\" Jack simply rolled his eyes and left the room, not knowing why he suddenly was feeling rather warm. жжж The long days that were supposed to be filled with training continued in the same manner as they had since the formation of the new team. Jack decided that since he himself was getting bored with how bitter he was being, he decided to take on a new outlook. And that outlook consisted of having his own kind of fun around the facility. If there was one thing one should know about Jack Shepherd, it was that while he under no circumstances took chances , especially those involving other people, he was quite fond of taking risks that could lead to the demise of no one but himself. He now awoke each day wondering what kind of trouble he could get himself into in the following hours and he had recently grown accustomed to taking the children down with him as they had nothing better to do but follow. Since Miss Holloway was sufficiently preoccupied that morning with a day full of meetings, Dr. Grant was supposed to take over the portion of the children's training that Marsha would usually be in charge of, but he had unfortunately and suddenly been called to a meeting of his own, so the children were reluctantly left in the capable hands of Mr. Shepherd for the morning. Within half an hour, Jack had successfully hijacked the old flying saucer used for military reasons with the help of the children and they had been to a fast food restaurant and back – though, not without managing to avoid the press along the way. Meanwhile, back at the facility, Miss Holloway had caught a glimpse of a local newscast and knew immediately who was behind this unfortunate incident The minute that the team stepped back into the bunker at the facility, Jack could sense that there was hell to pay, and that it came in the form of a petite brunette woman whose eye he had caught from across the room. As she walked towards him, Jack could practically feel the exasperation, fury, and exhaustion that was overcoming her, but he simply grinned in anticipation. \"Dylan, I would disappear if I were you.\" He suggested to the young man beside him who did just that. Jack met Miss Holloway halfway, wondering just how far he could push her today. He decided that as long as he was already in trouble, there wasn't much harm in making it worse. \" Hey , Marsha!\" He said in a faux cheerily manner, though anyone could have picked up on the challenging look that he was giving her. Whatever she said next, he didn't exactly listen to as he remembered the food that he had brought back and hoped that maybe it would make up for his little excursion. Without even bothering to acknowledge her anger-filled words, he interrupted, \" Yeah , I brought you a hot chicken sandwich.\" He said with a testing smile. She simply rolled her eyes and sighed. Some good that would do for her, she didn't even eat meat. \"No, thank you! \" She said in disbelief, hoping that he would bring his attention back to the matter at hand as her irritation rose with each moment she spent in his presumptuous presence. Jack raised an eyebrow, deciding to focus instead on what she'd just said. He knew that there was something off about her, this would explain it. \"Are you a vegetarian ?\" Though she ignored his pointless inquiry, the taken aback look in her eyes told him that he was spot on. \"You're supposed to be training the children for their first simulation! Instead, you're off gallivanting in a stolen spaceship!\" Scoffing at her choice of words, Jack continued to prod simply because he knew that it would annoy her to maximum capacity. \"I'm sorry, was I gallivanting? \" He teased, and she shot him a warning look, which he ignored. \"Looks like the saucer's not the only thing stuck in the fifties.\" She inhaled sharply and narrowed her eyes at him. Jack could plainly see her searching for a proper way to execute the perfect comeback, but all she managed to come up with was \" You're probably fifty! \" Staring at her for a moment, Jack pressed the locking button on the shuttle keys in her face before walking away. As he left, she could hear him chuckling at her strangely endearing weak argument in an arrogant way that left her blood boiling. жжж As the long days passed, each one as unsuccessful as the last, the arguments got worse, the attempts at training were all classified as failures, and the children grew nervous as the adults grew frustrated. The problem was clear, Jack was the only one who refused to play his part in this, and it was holding everyone back. Miss Holloway continuously tried every day to get through to him, but he tried his best to ignore her. She might have been the only person who saw what the real issue was. She knew the story and she was well aware of Jack's past, she knew that his time at Are 52 had ended in catastrophic tragedy. Of course it was hard for him to come back under such circumstances and basically be forced to relive it. But, she also knew that if she addressed his past and the things that troubled him specifically, he would only freeze up and grow colder – and if they wanted to get anywhere with this team, that just couldn't happen. One night, after the children were all in bed, Jack found himself back in the large recreational room that had always been considered the \"lounge\" back when he was on the original team. He'd forgotten his keys and was hoping to retrieve them and go, but upon entering the room, he noticed someone at the back counter making what smelled like a cup of fruity tea. As the person – who turned out to be Miss Holloway – turned around to face him, he almost didn't recognize her. The darkness of the room make vision difficult, and the single fluorescent light that she had turned on above the counter only illuminated half of her face. Though the fact that she wasn't wearing neither her glasses nor her lab coat and her hair was free from the ponytail that it had been in earlier made her seem like a completely different person, it was her demeanor that threw him off. She seemed calm – calmer than he'd ever seen her before – as she stirred a spoonful of sugar into her tea with a sigh. Upon further examination of her expression, Jack realized that perhaps her uncharacteristic serenity and tranquility was induced by exhaustion. And that exhaustion as no doubt induced by himself . Neither of them were particularly in the mood for an argument, and they were unsure of how this one even began, but the inevitable cannot be avoided, so five minutes later, they were shooting sharp accusations at each other just as they had grown so accustomed to doing. After what appeared to be a final word in their argument, Jack sat exasperatedly on the couch while Marsha sighed to herself, the cup of tea that she had been so looking forward to enjoying completely forgotten. She shut her eyes for a second longer than usual before realizing that perhaps she needed to take a different – somewhat less impulsive – approach to getting through to Jack. She took a tentative but tired seat next to him on the loveseat and sighed once more. \"Jack, I know that you didn't ask for any of this,\" she began, the genuine tone of her voice caused him to glance over at her which proved unfortunate for him because the poor lighting of the room lit up her blue eyes in a way that he had never seen before. \"and you certainly didn't -\" she paused for a moment to rephrase her wording, \" don't want it. But, you weren't given a choice, you're a part of this now and there's nothing you can do to change that.\" Attempting in vain to force himself to look away from the captivating colour that her eyes were projecting as if that would help him combat her argument, he wondered where she was going with this. For the very first time since he'd met her, he found himself hanging on to every word she said, not even wanted to toss out a sarcastic comment and make things worse. He soon realized that the reason behind this was because he had never before heard anyone speak so genuinely to him. She was exhausted from trying to persuade him to help the kids, that was clear to him now. \"Those children are going to look up to you whether you like it or not, you're the only one who knows what they're going through.\" She looked down at her hands as she spoke, but this didn't prevent Jack from seeing the authentic pain on her face, and he now suddenly found himself fighting the strong impulse to tuck the stray lock of hair that had fallen close to her eyes behind her ear. \"But…\" she continued, meeting his eyes once more. \"…the way I see it, you can either ignore this and let them face all of it on their own, or you can embrace it.\" She felt a small smile form on her face as she imagined what it would be like if Jack finally decided to let himself be a part of the team. \"You could help them through the uncertainty and teach them to become the best that they can be,\" again, her eyes left his. \"just like you were.\" She added so softly that he almost didn't hear it. For the first time not only since he'd returned to Area 52, but perhaps in his whole life, Jack felt as though he suddenly knew for certain that he had someone in his corner, someone whose belief in him could not be swayed. Trust was something that did not come easily for Jack, he shouldn't think that he genuinely trusted any more than two people in his life. But, it was possible that after this short encounter, that number had grown to three. He didn't know what to say to her, but as she lifted her head slightly and her vision met his once more, their eyes did all of the speaking. They simultaneously blinked in confusion when the bright fluorescent lights of the room suddenly turned on and a small figure appeared in the doorway. Upon seeing Cindy with her eyes still closed in a bunny suit that must have served as pyjamas, Jack glanced uncertainly at Marsha, wondering why she didn't seem as surprised at this sight as he was. \"She sleepwalks.\" Miss Holloway informed him in such a way that told him perhaps she'd known this from Cindy's very first day here. When she stood from the couch with a small sigh and began to gently lead the sleeping child back to her room, Jack understood that she'd likely done this for her every single night. Sitting in the now empty and somehow colder room, he was forced to allow Marsha's words to resonate with him. He didn't know what it was about her, perhaps her genuineness that he'd initially – and apparently wrongly – deemed as either naïve or fake, it definitely managed to tear through nearly every last one of his carefully constructed defences. How could someone who evokes so much irritation from him also manage to win his trust within only the course of a week? And why didn't he say anything to her after she'd spoken such a hard-hitting truth? His second question was the only one that could be answered. Had Cindy not unintentionally interrupted them, he would have said something, though he had no idea what it would have been along the lines of. Forcing himself to stand up, grab the keys that he had entered the room in search of in the first place, and walk back to his room through the quiet, dark halls of the facility. Along the way, his mind wandered back to the notion of Marsha helping Cindy with her sleepwalking. It was no secret to even him that the kids' parents weren't exactly supportive of their powers, and by leaving their children at Area 52, it gave them the perfect way to opt out of having to deal with their abilities. But, superhuman or not, they were just kids, they still needed parental guidance. Someone would have to step up and fill those shoes, it was supposed to be Jack's initial job, but it seemed that Miss Holloway had already stepped into that position. And she didn't even appear reluctant in the slightest, even Jack could see the joy that she got by simply being a part of the children's lives. She truly cared for them, she genuinely wanted nothing but the best for them and she would do whatever it took to guarantee their safety and happiness. As he finally reached his own room, Jack realized that perhaps the reason his own team never worked out was because they never had anyone like that. They never felt the security of someone selflessly putting the wellbeing of the team in their top priorities, they always felt as if it was them against the facility, and that's what destroyed them in the end. But this new team, with someone like Marsha on their side, their potential is limitless. Jack finally realized that perhaps he couldn't hold them back any longer.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: Sweeter Than Fiction \" There you'll stand, ten feet tall; I will say, 'I knew it all along.' Just a shot in the dark, all you got are your shattered hopes. They never saw it coming, you hit the ground running, and now you're onto something. What a sight when the lights came on, proved me right when you proved them wrong. I'll be one of the many saying, 'Look at you now, you made us proud.' And when they call your name and they put you picture in a frame, you know that I'll be there time and again, because I loved you when you hit the ground.\" -Taylor Swift жжж Jack's day had ended with a revelation. He was the problem; it wasn't a game anymore. If he was looking for someone to blame for anything really, it was himself. But, the night came and went quickly, and when he awoke, he had managed to tuck this revelation safely away into the back of his mind where so much else was stored. He may have let himself be vulnerable to Marsha's words the night before thanks to a long day, a tiresome argument, and dimmed lighting, but today was a new day. If he was going to fulfil the promise he'd made to himself and remain closed off and dejected from everything and everyone around him, he was just going to have to act as if he was completely unchanged. This was far from challenging for him, he'd been doing it his whole like, but he couldn't let anyone see that they might just be getting to him. Especially not her. Meanwhile, Marsha was getting very tired of trying repeatedly to finally get through to Jack to no avail. The psychiatrist in her suggested that they were close to that desired breakthrough, but it was exhausting to her as a person. It was the same every time, there were two potential outcomes with him. He would either refuse to take her words seriously and an unnecessary argument would break out, leaving him ultimately idempotent, but there were also those rare, potentially effective occasions when he would become silent as she spoke, clearly allowing himself to take in every word that she said. It was during these moments that she would hold on to that naïve hope that she might have finally begun to help him through the darkness. But no matter how much it wore her out, she knew that she would never stop trying. That was who she was; she constantly did things for the wellbeing of other people no matter what it required on her behalf. She didn't see Jack as broken, nor as something that needed to be fixed by her or anyone else. People are people, they don't change, their judgement shifts. She just wanted more than anything to help him understand how to keep the past at bay without completely repressing it, she wanted him to see that he still how the heroic potential that he always possessed. She wanted him to see himself through her eyes. When Miss Holloway literally ran into Jack that morning, she could tell simply by his demeanor and the cold look in his eyes that he was internally ignoring the conversation that they'd had the night before. She was afraid this might happen, but she knew why he was doing it. The closer he got to a progressive change, the more intensely he would be forced to close himself off. Not only that, but the harder he would push her away, since it was her who seemed to be working her way through to him. Jack rolled his eyes but didn't even bother to tease her about her clumsiness, so she decided to resist the urge to make her own comments about his rather impressive ability to suppress his feelings. Miss Holloway merely apologized for running into him around that dreaded corner that always seemed to compromise her equilibrium as the two of them picked up the files she'd dropped on the ground following their collision. Due to her exhaustion, she didn't necessarily want the day to begin quite so quickly, but she inevitably had to speak the words that neither of them really wanted to hear. \"You're with me today, by the way.\" She said as they walked in the direction of the training rooms. Jack sighed but didn't argue. If there was one thing that he'd learned since his to Area 52, it was absolutely futile to attempt to get out of doing something that that particular woman had put into motion. It was a losing fight. Instead, he decided that he'd come about this situation with a slightly different approach as he raised his eyebrows in a blatantly flirtatious manner. \"Oh, yeah? \" He teased in a voice filled with unspoken implications, giving her a suggestive look as they continued to walk. \"Doing what exactly?\" He finished with a wink to which she responded with a mocking smile. \"Formal physical and psychiatric evaluations of the children.\" She raised an eyebrow as she spoke, knowing exactly how much he would utterly hate what was to come. \" Well ,\" he began, mostly to himself, \"that's one way to kill the mood.\" Instead of playing into his characteristic flirting that she was finally beginning to notice, Miss Holloway kept her eyes forward and handed him a few identical forms. Daring to look them over, Jack realized that the two of them were going to have to work together to assess the children and fill the forms out. Wanting to do anything but that, his brain was working double-time to attempt to come up with any kind of excuse, but he knew that anything he could possibly say would only be pointless. жжж Jack and Marsha sat together at a small table in the newly re-glassed viewing platform while the children practiced independently below. As Miss Holloway had explained, their job was to observe them and fill out the formal evaluations while taking into account everything they know about the children personally and with regard to their abilities. And that was what Marsha was currently doing; Jack was sitting dejectedly in his seat while his supposed \" partner \" did all the work as he watched the clock. There were two sections to the evaluations, a physical examination of their powers which was supposed to be filled out by Jack, and a psychological evaluation to be filled out by Miss Holloway. After Jack had immediately let her take the lead, she suggested that he at least fill out the identification parts of the forms until it became clear that he could not do so because he didn't even know some of the children's last names let alone how old they were nor their family history. As much as Marsha wanted to address Jack's lack of commitment and willingness to put any kind of effort into anything , she also didn't want to begin an argument that she couldn't finish. Nonetheless, she worried that they were headed in that direction anyway as the two of them quickly became snippy with each other. When she just couldn't bite her tongue any longer about his apathetic behaviour, Miss Holloway sighed sharply which caused him to finally turn his attention to her. \"Could you at least pretend to be interested in this?\" Casting her a look of disbelief, Jack argued back. \"What would be the point of that?\" She rolled her eyes and set down the pen she'd been holding before her hand could begin to cramp. \"You're going to have to contribute to this eventually.\" \"You think?\" He responded sarcastically, causing Marsha's aggravation to boil over. \" Jack ,\" she said irritably, \"it's a simple evaluation.\" Jack paused for a second, shifting in his seat so that he was actually facing her. \"Which is why you should have no trouble filling it out yourself.\" He suggested in a voice dripping with sarcasm. He didn't know why she was constantly putting him up to things like this; he couldn't help the team. No matter how hard he could try, he just simply wasn't the man that she and the rest of the world were expecting him to be. \"That's not how it works, and you know it.\" She said in a quitter voice, thankful that they were not full out arguing yet as she slid the paper that she'd completed around so that it was now in front of him. She was right, it really was a simple evaluation. Something that someone like her could do in her sleep. Unfortunately, she and Jack were two very different people, and Jack would just need to make a bigger deal out of it than necessary. The working pair hadn't been sitting in the booth for long, and it took almost no time at all for Miss Holloway to fill out Cindy's psychiatric evaluation. As she moved on to the next form, Jack skimmed the paper that she'd placed before him. Her beautifully constructed script was exactly what he imagined her handwriting would look like; without flaw. Glancing up at her with a look of incredulity, he wondered if she could do anything imperfectly. It infuriated him. Marsha's evaluation was well written and carefully thought out. She'd written an incredibly thorough writeup for such a small amount of time, causing Jack to sigh silently at and finally scribble down a few casual thoughts of his own before sliding the paper away from himself and returning to his thoughtless void. He watched as Marsha's eyes went from the paper before her to what he had just written on Cindy's form. He watched with amusement as irritation flashed across her eyes at his shallow writeup, but to her credit and his curiosity, she never said anything about it or even looked over at him. Perhaps she was giving up. Jack wondered if with all of her attempts to put him back together, he'd managed to break her. For some strange reason that would go undeveloped by Jack, this sent a wave of slight panic over him. He had no idea why the notion of Marsha giving up on him had such an effect on his concealed emotions, but he didn't like it one bit. But, unbeknownst to him, this was not the reason behind Marsha's lack of reaction. It wasn't until all four forms were completely filled out that the issue was addressed. Miss Holloway looked up at Jack for the first time in nearly a half hour with a tired look in her eyes. \"That's really all you're going to write?\" She questioned, hoping that he would come to his senses on his own but knowing that was a pipe dream. As she tucked the forms away into a folder, Jack sensed some kind of subtext to her words, but he couldn't quite put his finger on what it was. It was as if she knew something that he didn't. \"I wrote what I knew.\" He challenged her, leaning back into his seat with crossed arms. \"That's because you haven't even taken the time to get to know the children, let alone become familiar with their abilities.\" She tested, glancing through the glass down towards the team of kids. \" See, you keep saying stuff like that,\" the suddenly aggravated tone of his voice caused Marsha to look back at him as he leaned closer towards from across the table with a harsh look in his eyes. \"but, I'm as familiar with those kids as I'd like to be.\" He smirked, for some reason he had a feeling that he would get the better of this argument. How wrong he was. Now, it was Miss Holloways turn to give him a look of sarcastic disbelief. She could see right through his façade, whether he knew it or not. \"You're as familiar with them as you'll let yourself be.\" She said, as if she'd had him figured out to a tee. This aggravated Jack even farther, she didn't know anything about him, he wanted her to quit insinuating things. \" What , so we've been hanging around each other for a few days now and you figure you know everything about me?\" He narrowed his eyes in sarcasm. \" Of course not ,\" she responded with sarcasm of her own, \"you'd never let anyone get that close to you.\" Her comment earned her a severe look, but she continued before he could argue. \"You know, maybe if you'd just let yourself actually put some investment into the team that you're supposedly leading , you would be so untrusting of every single person you encounter.\" It was the same argument between the two of them as they'd always had. But with every passing encounter, the words grew more personal. Jack was silent for a moment, before speaking with even more sarcasm than before. \"Do you charge by the hour for this?\" And with the attack on her profession, he stood from his chair and began to walk towards the door. Behind him, Miss Holloway simply rolled her eyes and took the folder into her hands before rising calmly and catching his attention before he could leave. \"Just so you know,\" she began with a tone that could easily be defined as secretly devious. So much so that it made him stop in the doorframe and turn around to face her. \"you and I get psychiatric evaluations, too.\" \" And? \" He asked impatiently. He had figured that, as the children's trainers, they would have to be evaluated. \" And, \" she mocked his tone while walked towards him, \"I get to fill out yours.\" She finished with a satisfied smile as she walked right past him and out the door. жжж Jack sat alone in the lounge that evening. The kids were all around the facility together and he hadn't seen Marsha since their argument. Left alone with his thoughts, his mind forced him to dwell on things that he had no interest in revisiting. Mainly, the conversation that he'd had with Marsha in that very room nearly twenty-four hours ago. He wondered how every single word that she'd said could be so very accurate, he wondered how she could be so convincing, he wondered why she kept trying to fix him in the first place, he wondered how she hadn't collapsed with exhaustion due to his stubbornness yet. What he'd learned, was that she was surprisingly just as stubborn as he was, which lead to very tiresome arguments. Ultimately, Miss Holloway was a source of absolute wonder to him. He had never encountered anyone like her, he knew that for certain, but he wondered why . Jack would always have his doubts about anyone who pledged allegiance to Area 52 – especially those who, like her, seemed to follow behind it blindly – but, she seemed nothing but genuine. Even when they argued, she only ever expressed her concerns about Jack's ultimate wellbeing. For the first time since he'd returned to the facility, Jack realized that she only argued because she cared . He supposed that he was unfamiliar with the concept of such care, and perhaps that was why he'd grown so defensive against her. \" I know you didn't ask for any of this, \" she had said the night before, \" and you certainly don't want it. \" She was right, anyone could see that. Ever since the trauma that he considered to mark the end of his life, he had a plan for how he would live out the rest of it. He would keep to himself, he would live each day the same, he wouldn't even try to turn it around, he was giving up and giving in. And just when he'd gotten so comfortable with his routine, a green dress showed up and turned everything upside down. She'd encouraged him to \" embrace it, \" last night. Maybe that's what he should be doing. The reality of the situation was that he was terrified to have something to lose. What he didn't realize was that, even though he didn't really know the children, there might still be something to lose anyway. While all his efforts had been put into keeping himself away from caring for the kids, maybe she had successfully worked her way under his skin. He had no idea that it would have been her that he had to shield his concerns from all along. But, if it had already gotten to that point after only a few days, he understood that there was absolutely nothing he could do to stop it. You can't fight the inevitable. But he could ignore it to the best of his abilities, and he could do so by growing even colder than he had been before. Just when he'd devised this new and improved plan, his mind was suddenly on the last conversation that he'd had with Marsha. He knew that if she was in charge of his psychiatric evaluation, that meant that it was already completed and signed; she didn't procrastinate. All this meant that somewhere, in a locked filing cabinet, there were truths about him written on a paper that he might not even know. These were truths that he personally couldn't wait to argue. That alongside the fact that the evaluation was all basically an archive on Marsha's deepest opinion on him, his curiosity was quickly getting the better of him. Within five minutes, Jack was in Dr. Grant's office, where he knew the files were all waiting to be delivered to Larraby. It took him a few mere seconds to break into the filing cabinet, swipe the folder containing the evaluations, and find a secluded spot to do some light reading. In his hands were six files, two of which he was drying to read, four of which he'd helped fill out. He didn't know what it was, Marsha's arguments were possibly finally getting to him, but something made him read through the children's files once more before getting to what he really wanted to read. This was something that had proved as the first wakeup call of many. The difference between Jack's careless notes and Marsha's precise writeup almost seemed embarrassing to him in hindsight. He actually found himself having to remind himself that he didn't care. After reading Tucker's evaluation, Jack nearly chuckled at the fact that both he and Marsha believed that the other would have to work with Tucker in order to help him gain control over his powers. Since he knew damn well that he was only putting that off on her because he had no interest in putting any effort into Tucker's training (or anyone else's, for that matter), Jack figured that she was likely correct and that the only way Tucker could ever truly grasp his powers would be if Jack worked with him. After reading Summer's evaluation, Jack smirked as he read that Marsha described how they would have to merge psychological training with physical training in order to develop the girl's powers to the greatest extend. If Marsha wanted to work with him, she could have just said so, he thought sarcastically and subconsciously wished that she was there so that he could tease her about that. When Jack entered Grant's office with the intention of snooping for his own personal gain, he had no idea that it would end up being his undoing. He'd read every single word that Miss Holloway had written about the team that he was supposed to be in charge of. Marsha didn't have to put in so much effort, she didn't have to care so much about the kids. She just did , because that's who she was. Because of this, Jack was suddenly wondering about what her psychiatric evaluation read. Glancing at the information portion, he noted that it was written by a Dr. Adam Stevenson. He wasn't going to read it, he genuinely wasn't. But when it came to certain things, he just couldn't help himself. Apparently, she was one of those things. Psychological Evaluation Date: April 14, 2007 Evaluated Name: Marsha Catherine Holloway Date of Birth: September 19, 1969 Psychological Evaluator: Dr. Adam Stevenson Family History Mother: Catherine Holloway (diseased, 1985) Father: Peter Holloway (diseased, 1985) Spouse: N/A Children: N/A As Jack read through her personal information, he knew that he should stop. He found it strange that he was feeling guilty, he would usually do things like this with no regard for anyone but himself. He didn't know what was different this time. He'd only read her personal information and family history, but what he found already came as a shock to him. Doing the math in his head, he realized that both of her parents died when she was around sixteen. She was a teenaged orphan; he never would have guessed. And here he had her pegged for \" perfect childhood. \" Knowing he shouldn't, Jack read on. Psychiatric Evaluation Despite the extensively traumatic events that she has experienced as well as the abuse she was subjected to in her younger years, Marsha Holloway certainly seems to serve as the miracle case that psychiatrists are constantly searching for. To this day, thanks to not only the help that she received from others but also the help that she continuously provides herself with through her expert psychological knowledge, she remains constantly in contact with her emotions and does not dwell on the past. Though her mental state was clearly hazardous from September 1985 to July 1987 and the incidents in September 2001, October 2003, and November 2004 left her emotionally traumatized, it remains perfectly balanced today. Nonetheless, during these episodes of poor mental stability, she would always revert to her optimistic ways, and continuously see the world from a positive perspective. She constantly tries her absolute hardest to always see the best in people, almost to a fault – clearly, after everything that has happened in her life – but I see this as a testament to her undeniable strength. All things considered, it is my professional opinion that she does a miraculous job at keeping the past as bay while simultaneously avoiding harmful repression or suppression. She understands that the things that she has experienced are just as much a part of her life that she lives today, and she strives to learn from these hardships and address them appropriately while refusing to let them completely shape her world. The absolute expertise that she displays for psychology and psychiatry is well beyond my own knowledge, and she understands it on what appears to be an emotional level. She is a complete and utter asset to Area 52 and I strongly suggest hat she continue to work with the new Zenith Team as she will clearly be able to provide them with the proficiency that no one else can. My advice would be to have her continue working alongside Mr. Jack Shepherd – her expertise will be needed in order to familiarize him with his past, present, and future. What's more, is that with everything that she knows about both the psychology and physiology of metaphysical powers, I would say that there is a strong chance of him regaining his abilities. Marsha Holloway is completely mentally sound and without a doubt one of the most extraordinary cases I've ever had the pleasure of working alongside. Evaluator Signature: Dr. Adam Stevenson And just like that, he was hooked. Stevenson's evaluation was thorough, but left out the details that Jack desperately wanted to know. Even if the thought of them left him feeling utterly sick. He thought that he was the one with the rough past, but based on what he'd just read, he now wondered if Marsha's file might even be bigger than his own. As his mind was bombarded with questions about what could have possibly happened to her when she was younger, that overwhelming sense of guilt washed over him once more. He realized that he had just helped himself to something that she wouldn't have wanted him to see. However, he had no idea that he would find anything like what he did in her psychiatric evaluation. His only intentions for reading the evaluations was to read his own and have whatever disapproving words she used to describe him help him to dislike her more. Instead he found a piece of information that he tried to put from his mind, but knew that he'd probably never be able to let go. In an attempt to clear his thoughts, Jack decided that it was finally time to find out just what she had to say about his mental state. Picking up his file, he sighed upon realizing that it was five pages long. Ultimately, his curiosity won out over his short attention span. Psychological Evaluation Date: April 14, 2007 Evaluated: Name: Jack Shepherd Date of Birth: August 14, 1966 Psychological Evaluator: Dr. Marsha Holloway Family History Mother: Rosalina Shepherd Father: Jonathan Shepherd (diseased 1998) Spouse: N/A Children: N/A Psychiatric Evaluation As of right now, Jack Shepherd's psychological state is clearly not the best that it could be. This should be fun , Jack thought to himself upon reading the very first sentence of Marsha's report. This is completely fair, as he has suffered great tragedy that is incomprehensible for people who have never experienced calamity of similar magnitude. After the Gamma-13 incident where Mr. Shepherd lost not only his brother and his girlfriend, but his entire team, the collateral damage was not properly addressed by neither him nor the program. He was in shock of what had happened for quite some time and in what I assume was a state of heavy disbelief. Because of the strange way that things had happened, he never got to properly experience the stages of grief, so he immediately went straight to anger-masked guilt. On the surface, he was anger than he ever thought he could be. He searched for the rest of his life for someone or something to blame for what had happened to him and to his team. They were killed at the hand of his brother, who was presumed deal, but because Jack could never really know for sure, he would never be able to receive a complete sense of closure. For twenty years, he blamed the facility and the people inside of it, every single one of them. And rightfully so, the idea to inflict radiation onto the team in order to increase their powers was likely a merely consumption-based decision. But deeper down, Mr. Shepherd was blaming himself – and that's where the guilt comes into play. He blamed himself for everything he could think of, for not fighting the idea of the radiation, for not getting himself and his team out of Area 52 before everything went wrong, for not being able to fight his brother when he began to kill his teammates, and so on. The guilt would forever be present for him, because he was the Captain of the team, he was supposed to makes sure that, no matter what happened, they all came out of it alive in the end; and in his mind, he had failed. While it is completely unfair to blame Mr. Shepherd for anything that happened on July 23, 1987, it is going to take thorough work in order to convince him of this, as it goes against everything that he has been thinking for twenty years. Throughout the years, he pushed the guilt and anger down inside him until they were virtually forgotten about, until the day that everything was forced to catch up to him. Though he thought that he was successfully ignoring his past, he still lived his life around it in a severe way. Because he didn't want to admit to himself that the past was behind him, Mr. Shepherd forced his life to revolve around it while never actually confronting what had happened and his feelings surrounding the tragedy. While, of course, he's never told me anything at all about his life nor his past, I believe that it is safe to assume that, at least for the first few years following the trauma, he suffered from a case of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder that was likely – or perhaps, still is – accompanied by flashbacks and intrusive memories due to the suppression that has resulted in a complete ignorance of the past events that have shaped who he is today. He lives in a seriously unhealthy state of denial, that he will one day have to come to terms with before any progress can be made. Upon his return to Area 52, I have only been able to assess the things that he wants me to see, the way that he interacts with others, and the slight things that I am sometimes able to pick up on. It is painfully clear that Mr. Shepherd refuses to trust anybody at the facility (or perhaps in general) in even the slightest way; but until he can learn to do so, there is only so much that I can receive from him. He has spent the last two decades of his life building rock-solid walls around every part of him so as not to expose himself to the same kind of hurt that he once experienced, thus making him a facetiously bitter man. Even with all things considered, I can still see the valiant hero that he once was and still could be if he would only let himself. It is nothing if not clear to me that he still possesses the courage, selflessness, humility, and kindness that he did when he was known as \" Captain Zoom ,\" as these are things that one does not simply lose, but he has taken to masking these traits with bitterness, anger, narcissism, and sarcasm. I believe that when the time truly calls for it, he will one day let those qualities surface and regain the status that he once bad. Based on my observations, I believe that the reason he refuses to train the children properly and put true effort into their success is because he does not wish to form strong bongs or relationships with them. He has witnessed firsthand just how easily the people that you care for can get taken from you in their line of work, and he thinks that he would be nothing but foolish to let himself care about anyone that could so easily disappear. His utter lack of responsibility and interest in the new team as well as his disregard for consequences makes that clear. Another note I have is that Mr. Shepherd has a clear aversion to being titled \" Captain Zoom ,\" which at first, I found strange, since the two are ultimately the same person. But, I understand now that in Mr. Shepherd's mind, he is no longer capable of being a hero to be looked up to. He does not want the responsibility of people considering him a role model or expecting things from him that he is unable to accomplish. While \" Captain Zoom \" is Jack Shepherd, Jack Shepherd is not \" Captain Zoom. \" The superhero is composed of all of Mr. Shepherd's best qualities, but leaves out the rest. The man himself is much more than that, this was a concept that I did not quite understand until working alongside Mr. Shepherd for the past few days. As noted before, Mr. Shepherd has devoted his life to building barriers and defences around his mind, heart, past, and emotions. But, I believe that these walls might just be broken if the right person tries hard enough. There is a tremendous amount of good inside of him, even if no one else – specifically himself – finds that easily observable. He is still capable of everything that he once was, he simply now has more baggage that comes with it. He is no longer the teenaged superhero that was portrayed in the media, he has faced the real world and grown into an adult; the circumstances have changed indefinitely. In my professional opinion, with time, Mr. Shepherd will open himself up to the idea of providing support and training to the team of children. It is going to take a lot of time and work in order for him to ever learn to trust anyone completely again, but I hardly believe it to be impossible. Evaluator Signature: Marsha Holloway Jack was rather shocked – the woman who he assumed simply tolerated may as well have written an entire essay on him. Not only that, it was more accurate than it could have been if he himself had composed it. He had underestimated her; not only her acute ability to observe, but her sincerity. He had to read it twice Right from the start, she holds back nothing. She writes that she understands Jack's anger towards the facility and all that they stand for. Not only does she justify it, but she seems to feel it as well. The words that she had written could have served as a rebellion on paper. Clearly, Jack had been wrong in thinking that he could not trust any employee of Area 52, as they would just follow orders blindly. Simply hearing that she agrees that the program had made a mistake with the radiation was enough for Jack to feel a relief that he thought he'd never feel. And what did she do next? She called him out. She stated that Jack had been blaming himself all these years – and she was nothing but correct. This was something that he couldn't even admit to himself and yet she managed to make him understand that this was exactly what he was doing. She then began to make assumptions about how the incident and the associated guilt were affecting him. He'd never told her anything of the sort, she'd inferred it all, and again, she was spot on. How was it that someone whom he had just met somehow knew him better than he even knew himself? She must be good at her job. But, the most miraculous thing of all to him, was the way that she actually understood his resentment of the label \" Captain Zoom. \" It was as if she had managed to put his thoughts into words. She realizes that Zoom is only the character, made up of Jack Shepherd's most noble qualities – something that he assumed she of all people would never comprehend. Jack is the real person, and he is composed of much more than simply heroic characteristics. If you want one, you get the other. Everyone always assumes that they know him based on the stories that they've heard and the comics that they've read. It takes a lot to truly know Jack Shepherd and to accept the fact that he really is not \" Captain Zoom \" as he goes about his every day life. When the time called for it, of course he could channel up these qualities and become purely the hero, but that took dire situations. She understood that. And for the first time since he'd returned to Area 52, Jack realized that his one and only goal of not allowing himself to have anything to lose would never be accomplished. He already had something to lose – her unconditional support. She trusted him, that much was clear. It took reading the report to realize that he had been wrong about her. She did not follow blindly behind Area 52, she followed blindly behind him . And that was dangerous for the bother of them, she knew that. And yet, she still decided to give him all of her faith and trust. He hadn't experienced anyone do this since his original team was still living – he'd never encountered anyone quite like her. And suddenly, something inside of him shifted. All of the arguments that they'd had, all of the times that she'd tried to convince him to commit himself to the team, all of the times she'd tried to tell him that he wasn't as bad as he made himself out to seem, the night before in the lounge when he realized that she was someone he could trust, and now the file that he'd just read. It was overwhelming and, quite frankly, terrifying. And yet, it was not unpleasant. It was all strangely reassuring. She was right, she had been right all along, and he had no idea why it took him so long to realize this. He was going to help those children, he was going to be the leader that they needed, he was going to make sure that the past was not recreated, and he was going to do it because she wanted him to. If it had been that simple all along, he hadn't realized it. жжж The next morning, Jack awoke feeling more refreshed than ever before and truly ready for the day ahead. Today was the day that he begun trying, he would actually put his time and effort into training the kids. But, before he could begin to do so, he would need to assemble some kind of team that could fabricate proper suits for them to wear during combat. Their military jumpsuits would be fine for training, but out in the field, things would be different. Meanwhile, Miss Holloway paced around the classroom as she and the children waited for Jack. He was scheduled to take over for her in the classroom about ten minutes ago, so the team was in waiting. The kids weren't surprised, they weren't even disappointed or frustrated anyone either, they had simply grown to expect it. Marsha didn't know why she was still waiting for him to do the right thing, but she had a feeling that she would never stop doing so. Which is why she attempted to appear unconcerned as the kids sat at their desks in boredom, even if she felt utterly defeated inside. She wondered if all of her efforts to get him to put some effort into the team had only had the reverse effect. This was not at all who she'd expected Jack to be when she was initially informed that the legendary superhero would be returning to the facility, but she was continuously waiting for him to put his talents to good use. She wanted him to be a hero, she needed a hero. Miss Holloway glanced at the clock once more, and just as she was about so suggest that they just move on without him, the man himself came through the door with uncharacteristic ease. \"Sorry I'm late,\" he began as he caught her eye from the opposite side of the room, \"I had to get my team together.\" The surprise that Marsha initially felt at whatever change of heart he was experiencing quickly morphed into total happiness. She was unable to prevent herself for smiling slightly in his direction as he came towards her and he must have noticed her contentment, because he cast a teasing look her way. \"You almost look happy to see me.\" And he was right, if the two of them weren't careful, they might just accidentally cast aside their irritation for each other and allow fondness to grow. Within a few days, the progress being made by the team was noticed by all, even by Larraby, who never seemed pleased by anything. It had only been a mere week and a half since the team was assembled, and they'd suffered through their fair share of difficulties already, but their initiation was promptly complete. This, of course, was made possible by Jack's transition from bitter to invested. Jack had now come to terms with the fact that he truly was being ridiculous in not allowing himself to put the wellbeing of the children before his own fears, and it took someone repeatedly bringing this to his attention in order to allow the change to be made. Speaking of that particular person, Jack realized that he hadn't seen much of her since his change in character, mainly because he'd been so busy with the newfound interest he'd discovered in training the kids. He knew that none of his current success could have been possible without her, and he decided that perhaps it was time for him to swallow his pride and offer up something in the vague form of a thank you. ","Summary":" Chapter One: Where it All Begins \" You spend every last tomorrow looking back on yesterday. I've b"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"The Summer of 1976","Author":"Ceizzy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8569521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: A/N This is my first ever fanfic so please don't hate! I will try to update once a week but i can't promise. Not that I think I'll get many readers but if i get at least one, I'll be so grateful! I had this idea for a while and its gonna be so much fun finally uploading it! So here it comes, The summer of 1976! I do not own Zoom! I wasn't always like this. There was a time when I used to laugh, when i used to love, when i used to have fun. But that was before the summer of 1976. You see, my story is tragic, weird and painful. So very painful. But people doesn't seem to understand. They see me as a bitter, mean, old jerk who only cares about himself. They just don't get it! You don't just get over somthing like that! It was 30 years ago now. I'd like to tell you the story. I'd like to tell you the story of The Zenith Team. It all started that morning in May... ''Jackie! Wake up! You are not gonna belive what just happend!'' I opend my eyes slowly. Only to see my annoyinly excited older brother Connor, sitting on my bedside. ''Don't call me Jackie...'' I murmured quietly and closed my eyes. Hoping that when I open them again he'll be gone. But instead of giving up he just contiued. ''It was this weird flash coming out of my hands! Markus was hitting on Allison again, i got really mad and then it just happend! He knocked out! Maybe its a gift! A supernatural gift!'' I seriously considered opening my eyes just to roll them at him. I didn't belive that humans could be supernatural, but my brother seemed convinced he got super powers or something since he had been talking about it the last few weeks. ''Con,'' I sighed ''there's no such thing as super natural! Okej? Stop bugging me about it!'' ''Fine,'' he said ''I'll prove it to you! Meet me up after school and you'll see!'' ''Already got plans. Sorry!'' I smirked, it was actually true. Me, Lee and the other guys had planned on going to hang out at the lake and goof around. Connor nodded saddly, obviously disappointed. I felt a little guilty, so i told him I'd catch up with him at 8 o'clock. I looked at my watch, 3:28 pm. It was over half an hour until i was going to meet the others. I glanced at my bed, it looked so welcoming. Glanced at my watch again. It wouldn't hurt to just lie on the bed for just a coulpe of minutes huh? I felt my eyes slid down, and opend them with a snatch. I jerked up and looked at the clock. I let out a little yelp. 4:19 pm! Had I really been falling asleep? I ran down the stairs put my jacket on and started running to the lake. Suddenly my view went kinda blurry, like when you're sitting in a car, and then i was there. I had no idea what happend! One second i was at home starting to run, and the next i was here, at the lake. I looked up and realized that people were staring at me. My friends looked shooked to. I was just as confused as the people around me. What on earth had just happend? I saw two men in labcoats coming towards me, smiling in a very creepy way. When they reached me one of them opend his mouth. ''Hello there! My name is Dalph Wyllman. And this,'' He looked at the man next to him ''is my nephew Grant. We're doing a top secret research on extraordinary gifted children. We call it The Zenith program.'' I stared at them. ''Guess it's not that much of a secret if you just go on telling random teenagers you just happends to meet, ey?'' I said, confused. The man whos name apparently was Dalph just smiled. ''Clearly you're missunderstanding me.'' He said ''You have just the special abilities we are looking for for our research!'' I almost laughed. Special abilities? Seriously? The only special ability i had was lifting my eyebrown without moving my nose. Not much of a special ability if you ask me! But before i could argue, the other man, what was his name again? Grail? Grant?, started talking. ''We would like to invite you to spend the summer at Area 52 to learn how to controll your powers to help mankind!'' Thats when I couldn't help myself anymore, I started laughing. I don't think i've ever laughed so much in my whole 14 year old life! But come on? Special abilities was funny, but helping the mankind is absolutley hilarious! The two man glanced at each other, clearly not knowing what to do about the laughing boy infront of them. ''Powers?'' I managed to get out between the laugher. ''Me?'' This Grant dude raised an eyebrown. ''Kid, you do realize that what you just did has never happend in human history? I've never seen a anything move that fast before!'' He said seriously. Thats when I stopped laughing. Maybe something really did happen. I mean I was at home and then suddenly i was here. Had i really been running here? In less than a second? Grant seemed saticfied that i finally stopped laughing. He gave me a small card. ''Call me when you made up your mind.'' He said. And with that they turned around and walked away. Once they were gone my friends hurried up to me. ''What,'' Lee said ''was that?'' I looked at them, I was just as confused as they were. ''No idea.'' If anyone is reading this please let me know what you think! XOXO Ceizzy[Chapter 2] Here it comes! Chapter 2: I still don't own Zoom! I got home just in time to see Connor kiss Allison goodbye in the garden. He walked in trough the front door and smiled at me. ''Ready?'' He asked. I just shrugged and followed him as he turned around and walked to the woods. I wished from all that i was made of that it was just my brothers wild imagination. Because if it wasn't, it'd mean that area 52 really exicted. Con walked up to a very high tree a few meters away from where i stood. He lifted his hands and pointed them at tree. He looked absolutley ridiculous! But then suddendly, i could hear a large boom and the tree was cut in a half. Connor turned around and looked triumphantly at me, but I just stared, totally frozen. ''Guess they were right...'' I mumbled. Con looked questening at me. ''Who?,'' He asked ''about what?'' I torn my eyes from the tree to my brother and quickly told him the whole story about what happend to me earlier that day. ''...and they asked me to spend the summer there!'' I finished. ''Wow,'' Connor smiled ''an academy for special abilities, thats really intressting!'' I shrugged. ''But you're going aren't you?'' He asked excitedly. ''What's the point?'' I sighted. Con just stared at me. ''The point,'' He begun. ''is to learn more about your powers, and hopefuly, how to control them!'' I rolled my eyes. ''For the last time Con! I do not have powers! Neither do you!'' Now it was Connors time to roll his eyes. ''Fine, abilities then. But that doesn't change the fact that you should go!'' I let out a long deep sight, wishing that I'd never told him about Area 52. ''Aww come on,'' He continued. ''maybe it'll be fun! Maybe we could even go together!'' ''Please Con, what if they don't want both of us?'' I tried feeling the desperation creeping up inside off me. ''Well it can't hurt to ask!'' Connor said. I shook my head, defeated. I was laying in my bed again. Okay, so now it's official. The summer of 1976 i was going to spend at some freak camp, with a bunch of teenager I've never met in my whole life + my brother. Not to mention they all had a ''special ability''. I mean come on? When I called them they were of course thrilled that I had considered it and evenhappier when I mentioned Connor. They said that they were going to send somebody over to check his ''power'', and if he passed we would follow them to the ''camp''. What if they were going to make us sing silly campfire-songs? Anywho, they were coming a few days after our summer vacation started so it wasn't exactly a hurry. Right now I could just relax and have a normal life, except for the fact that I apperently had ''powers'' now. It's a weird thought, but I can't say I don't like it. Now that it had sucked in i realised how awesome it really was! I could do incredible things. And my brothers ''power'' was just as awesome. I realised that I never felt closer to him. We shared something extreamly special. Something that couldn't be replaced. Who knows, maybe he is right. Maybe it'll be fun... So... what do you think? Please, if anyone is reading, leave a little review. It'd only take a few minutes! And it'd serioulsy make my day! Lots Of Love Ceizzy[Chapter 3] A/N I am so sorry! It was so long time ago I updated! But I will get better, promise! Thank you keacdragon for reviewing it means a lot! Chapter: 3 It's time. Today, they're coming. Today we are going to Area 52. Connor has been excited all week, seriously even though he's older that me he actes like he's 6 and not 16. Anywho, I had this strong feeling that we shouldn't if we went, we would loose everything. Of course I pushed it away. Told myself that I was only being silly. I looked out of the window and saw a car parking outside our front door and took a deep breath. I had maybe 10 secounds left of freedom. I heard the doorbell ring, took another breath and went down to open. I reached for the door handle and in stepped a way too much smiling Grant. ''Wonderfull! You're here!'' He said. ''Now hurry up. Larraby's expecting us in less than two hours and it'll take at least 1½ to get there!'' I heard Connor running down the stairs. I gave him a look as we said goodbye to mum and followed Grant to the car. Neither of us talked on our way there. Connor was texting Ally like crazy while Grant was quietly whispering to a small microphone. And me? I was just sitting there, staring out of the window, wondering about what was going to happen. I glanced at Connor and realized just how grateful I was to have him with me, that I don't have to do this on my own. I made a mental note to tell him that someday, just to make sure he knew. I turned my attention back to the window. Grant had stopped talking and turned to look at us, or more specificly, me. ''Hey, kid,'' He started. I turned to face him, he looked slightly uncomfortable, and there was a haunted look in his eyes. ''Look, the thing is...'' a small spark was heard from the microphone. Grant sighted. ''Nevermind.'' He said quietly and turned back to the driving. I felt really confused. I glance at the window and saw a great building tower up. I heard Connor squeal excitedly. Grant parked the car and we all stepped out. He turned to us with a big smile on his face, the haunted look compleatly wiped out. ''Welcome,'' He said, ''to Area 52!'' Together we walked the building. He led us through a huge corridor and stopped a few meters from a small door. ''Wait here.'' He said gravely and stepped into the room. I looked around. It was quite smaller than I imagened. Not smaller as in ''cosy smaller''. Actually, I felt rather trapped. Soooooo! What do you think? Read and Review! I Know that it's really short but I will have to get better at that to! XOXO Ceizzy[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Meeting the freaks A/N: Wow… I don't even know what to say… One year ago I was making promises about updating faster. I am so sorry, truly! If anyone is still reading this (I doubt it) I really hope that you will accept my apology. Even though it doesn't make up for it I will give you a longer chapters in the future! I have probably lost my readers but I promise, I won't abandon this story again but work hard and finish it. The cafeteria was a quiet and lonely place but sometimes it's good to be lonely, even though I know that I can never truly be alone in this place since there's security cameras everywhere, it's still very peaceful. Maybe you think that I should be excited about being here? About all the experiments? About meeting people like me? Well, the last part will be pretty hard seeing as I haven't actually met them yet. In fact we we're supposed to be introduced to each other later this day! Not that I was nervous or anything... Ok fine! I was nervous but you can't blame me can you? I glanced at my watch, 5pm, they wouldn't be here for another 2 hours. I got up from my chair and headed towards our \"Rooms\". They were painfully small and painted in a horrible yellow color which almost made me want to puke. I threw myself at the bed and closed my eyes. Not really tired, just desperate to go outside. Even if it was just a dream. Eventually I must've zoned out 'cause before I knew it I heard an excited knock on the door and a painfully happy Connor entered, announcing that they already were expecting us in the meeting room right across the cafeteria. I dragged myself out of bed and got dressed. And on our way he just wouldn't shut up. \"This is going to be so much fun!\" \"I wonder what they're like, hope they're nice!\" \"Jack, are you even listening?\" \"I've been DYING to finally meet people!\" I just rolled my eyes, there is something seriously wrong with that boy. My first impression of the others weren't that wonderful. They all looked like a bunch of freaks. This of course was what we all were, but still! And their powers? Not that impressive. Caitlyn Nelson. She was the first person I was introduced to. She was 17 years old and had short cut brown hair and very big eyes. She talked a bit weird and she seemed a bit too interested in the research for my taste. Acrobatics, that's her ability and honestly that sounds pretty lame to me. Joshua Andrew. Looked about the same age as Caitlyn. He was tall. And I mean really tall. Apparently Larraby had been the one to \"notice\" him a year ago. His father was a highly ranked solider and Joshua was currently in training and were very skilled at precise shooting. His ability was called Mind sight and meant that by focusing hard he could gain information about an object, person, location or physical event through means other than the known human senses. Which (I must admit) sounded pretty cool. Lastly, there was Alexis Saunders. 15 years old, same age as me. She had long blonde hair and her eyes almost looked golden. Her personality exuded confidence and she had that smug look on her face that irritates me so much about some people. Even the way she talked sounded stuck-up. Her ability was flying and that also seemed to bother me. I don't know why, maybe I was… jealous? Ha-ha yeah right! Anyway I decided I liked her least in the group. And here it is the chapter that took me over a year to upload1 I can guarentee that this will not happen again! Sorry again for the wait :/ XOXO Ceizzy ","Summary":" Chapter 1: A/N This is my first ever fanfic so please don't hate! I will try to update once a week "},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Trying To Reach You Before It's Too Late","Author":"SnowStormInSummer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10933681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The stairs creaked terribly as he ran up them. The dust was thick and swirled around him as his heavy steps dislodged great clouds of it. What if he was too late? The fear was gnawing at him, forcing him to move faster and faster. His legs and arms burned as he threw himself across the landing towards the room. And there he was, sitting in the bath tub removing the safety catch from a gun. Moving it towards his mouth. Sixsmith acted without thinking - he rushed forwards and snatched the gun. Frobisher was too shocked to put up a fight as Sixsmith flung the window open and tossed the gun out. Then he started shouting. \"Robert bloody Frobisher you are a goddamn bloody idiot and I hate you!\" Frobisher calmly got out of the bath. \"Give me back my gun, Rufus.\" \"Never!\" They stood, frowning at each other, until it sunk in how close they had come to losing each other. \"What were you thinking, you madman?\" Sixsmith asked, feeling tears in his eyes. Frobisher's scowl melted too, and he seemed to crumple. \"I don't know,\" he whispered quietly, \"I just...\" Then he flung his arms around his lover and they cried together for a long time. Finally Frobisher pulled out of the embrace and looked quietly at Sixsmith. \"I finished the Sextet,\" he told him, and Rufus gave him a proud smile. \"I knew you would,\" he said happily, \"you never were one to leave things unfinished.\"[Chapter 2] \"The reports said Commander Chang was killed in the assault.\" \"That is correct.\" although her voice and face gave nothing away, inside she wept at the admission. She wished so much that it was not true, but she could not deny it any longer. He was dead and he was not coming back for her. No. She would see him again soon. It could not be more than a few minutes now. She would see him, reaching out for her. The Archivist concluded the interview and the guards led her towards the room where she would be killed. It did not frighten her anymore. This was what needed to be done. So many had died. So many would die. Death was an ordinary part of existence, and it was not the end. It was merely a door. When they sat her in the chair and put the helmet on her head, she smiled through her tears, defiant to Unanimity but also forgiving them, and already she could see Hae-Joo, smiling at her, his dark eyes bright and determined as ever they had been. And then suddenly she realised that she was not seeing a vision from beyond death. He was actually there, in the room, and her executioners were crumpling to the floor around her. She sat quite still and watched him. She was trying to understand how he could be here, in this room, when she had seen him lying splayed on the floor, his weapon blown out of his hand, his eyes gazing up at her in love and pride. She had seen in his face then that he was ready to die. How could he be alive now? And then suddenly it was silent, and he ran towards her and lifted the helmet from her head. \"How?\" she whispered. \"I will never let them hurt you.\" he whispered, and kissed her forehead, right where the needle would have gone in. \"I pretended to be dead. I had to stay free so I could save you.\" She nodded, then he took her hand and helped her to her feet. \"I love you.\" It was the first time she had ever said those words, the first time she had ever understood them. He smiled and walked her towards the door, and freedom. \"I love you too. I'm so glad I met you.\" At the door, they saw a shadow coming around the corner. Before they could dart out of sight, the owner of the shadow came upon them. It was the Archivist. He looked at them contemplatively for a moment, and then nodded. \"Goodbye, Hae-Joo Chang. Goodbye, Sonmi~451. And good luck.\" Then he turned and left. Hae-Joo smiled and put his arm around her. \"Ready?\" he asked. \"I am ready for anything if you are here with me,\" she answered him. ","Summary":" The stairs creaked terribly as he ran up them. The dust was thick and swirled around him as his hea"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Resonance","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10998836","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't expect to get many hits on this one. Wrote it while watching Cloud Atlas for the third time. It's a drabble that has no purpose beyond my own musings. She could no longer hear the words Joe Napier spoke to her. They got Isaac. She knew nothing, the moment dreamlike to her. Isaac, her Isaac. Except how could he be hers? She'd known him only a day, a few short hours. And yet. And yet she'd felt she'd known him all her life, or before it. The world was ending, and she was the only one who knew it. Luisa convinced herself, after the entire debacle was said and done and her name was all over the papers, and on the glossy cover of a hardback, that life went on. And it did, though it seemed like she was moving through a fog most days. It was if that one moment in time had changed everything. The slow swing of the door, the reveal of Isaac's face wearing dual expressions of confusion and anticipation. And every word spoken after. She'd convinced herself he was simply a source. But when they'd talked, as solemn as the moment had been, she'd felt easy in his presence. Even with the threat of death hovering over their heads, she felt calm simply watching the fleeting expressions cross his face. She was lying with him, a man she wished she'd never met. Sunlight streamed in the open windows, illuminating his skin with dawn's early light. He was asleep, and she wished she'd never fallen asleep by his side. He was a replacement, and not one that had given her any comfort. His body was tall and lanky, his face patrician, his skin pale and freckled. But his hair was too dark, too short. His smile too perfect, his attitude entirely too confident. She trailed her fingers across his arms, dusted with dark hair, careful not to wake him. She viewed his body, the covers thrown to the side so it was bared for her perusal. Would Isaac look like this when he slept? Would the small imperfections that marred this man's pale skin suddenly become endearing if they were on someone else? She'd never know the answer to that question. Isaac was dead and the reason haunted her. He'd wanted to help her. She could picture his face, his endearing smile bringing to mind the eagerness of a puppy. He'd looked at her softly, as if he'd seen someone of worth. And he'd given her the story of a lifetime at the cost of his own. She slipped out of the man's bed, simply one of a short line of men. She wouldn't see him again. He hadn't given her what she wanted. She was beginning to think no man ever would again. One day, she reminded herself bitterly. You couldn't fall in love with someone in one day. If only she could believe it.[Chapter 2] I never intended for this to be anything more than a one-shot. But this idea would not leave me alone, would not stop hounding me. What if Isaac had lived? So I wrote this. Forgive the mistakes. Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future. -David Mitchell , Cloud Atlas XX The plane Isaac was supposed to be on crashed. He'd had a sudden fit of nausea, an ache that had turned into a sharp pain in his abdomen. He'd been afraid that it was his appendix, an ulcer maybe. It turned out to be a simple stomach flu. But it wasn't pleasant. He'd spent days in bed, oblivious to the outside world. It had taken days for him to realize that Luisa had broken the story about the reactor. That the reason no one was hounding him was because they thought he was dead. But how did that make any sense? He'd called in sick, promised a sick note on his return. Yet someone had made a mistake, an intern that hadn't known him well enough to understand who had called in sick. And Isaac had somehow been reported as boarded on that plane, the one he should have died on. The wreckage hadn't been easy to sift through, twisted and melted together and body parts thrown from the plane, making identification...messy and near impossible for anyone close to the center of the explosion. He'd known as soon as he'd heard about the 'plane crash' that someone wanted him dead. It wasn't a stretch of any imagination to realize who it was, and who they'd sent to finish him off. He'd been justifiably scared to come forward. Men like Lloyd Hooks had more money than they knew what to do with, and connections that reached far beyond the bars of a jail cell. Lloyd Hooks would get off easy, or as easy as the media would allow. It was a huge story, rocketing Luisa Rey into the spotlight as the newest great journalist. It didn't comfort Isaac to know that Bill Smoke had died. The man was little more than a hired gun, but at least Isaac had been aware of his existence. Now he would have no idea who would be sent to kill him. He'd felt guilty about not coming forward. He'd always seen giving Luisa Rey the report as the bravest thing he could do, because it afforded him a level of anonymity that gave him a sense of security. Clearly that had been false, Smoke was still sent to kill him. He'd wept for the people who had died on the plane simply because he should have been on it, and wasn't. He wondered if Bill Smoke had known he wasn't on the plane, and yet had blown it up anyway. The guilt settled heavily on Isaac's shoulders, but so did the fear, cloaking him in its darkness and suffocating him. So he went into hiding, cutting off all contact with anyone that had been in his former life, including the intriguing Luisa Rey. He changed his name, secured fake identification, got a new job, a new life. But he'd made a realization the night after he'd left Luisa, and it wouldn't leave him alone. It was always there at the back of his mind, urging him to do something. He'd fallen in love with the woman, after only a night. And despite the admittedly short period of time they'd spent together, he still needed to see her, to hear her voice, to touch her, even in something as small as a handshake. He missed her, and it was ludicrous, absurd even. But it was still true. He devoured any articles she wrote, just for a glimpse into the woman who'd stolen all of him. He had a framed photograph of her, something he'd gotten from an article she was featured in. It was odd, and perhaps bordering on stalking. It was all he had, until it was no longer enough. A year passed very quickly. His work wasn't in the same field. There were too many people that knew him, or knew of him. He'd changed cities, considered changing countries but figured that was too drastic. And there was no way he could find out anything about Luisa from a country away. In 1974, it was easy to lose yourself, to become someone entirely new. But he missed his old field of work, the challenge of it, and if Luisa's continuing success was any indication, Lloyd Hooks had given up his plan to kill people. The man was safely behind bars, convicted of murder for the death of Rufus Sixsmith, though his own murder had recently gone into question. They'd found no evidence of his death, and nor would they. He was tired of hiding himself away. He wanted to be himself again, Isaac Sachs. And he wanted to see Luisa. So he called her, left a brief message on her voicemail with his alias and contact number and the hope that she would call him back. It took days, long enough that he considered leaving another message. But she finally returned his call. He was sitting silently on his couch when she called, reading another of her brilliant articles. \"Thomas Briggs.\" he answered the phone curtly, his tone bordering on annoyed at being interrupted. \"Isaac?\" Her voice was shaky, filled with disbelief. He felt his own reply die on his lips. There was no way she could recognize his voice after only a night of conversation. And yet...she started to sob. And he found himself murmuring nonsense words of comfort, shushing her with inane platitudes when all he wanted to do was be there with her, hold her, wipe the tears from her face. Finally she quieted after several moments, until her voice returned to her, sharp even if it wavered. \"Is it really you?\" \"Yes,\" he confirmed, unable to think of what to say. \"Where can we meet?\" And it wasn't what he expected, her instant belief that he was alive and well. They made plans to meet, and he was jittery at the thought of seeing her. Fear and hope fighting within him. Would she hate him? Slap him? Had she missed him? But then, that thought was ridiculous. She couldn't feel the same. Not about a man she'd believed had been dead. Still he wondered at her reaction to him, sobs that indicated she felt genuine grief, perhaps even felt relieved that he was alive and well. He'd invited her to his home, unable to think of anywhere that would afford them the level of privacy he sought. He wanted her to himself, at least for a little while. He wanted her anger, her rage even, if it meant that he could see her. The days before their reunion were lost to him. He could remember pacing, fitful periods of sleep that lasted a few hours at a time. He could remember rehearsing what he was going to say to her, but it never sounded right. He barely ate, rereading her articles with a feverish intensity. Until the night she finally arrived. He stood at the door to his apartment impatiently, his eye glued to the peephole while his hands clenched together and released spasmodically. She arrived early, and he wanted to throw the door open and embrace her. But he watched, as she walked up to his door and raised her hand to knock, and seemed to lose her nerve. She walked away from his door and his heart dropped. But she returned, her lips moving in a string of words he could not hear. She adjusted her clothing, smoothing her hair, and closed her eyes. He saw her chest move with deep breaths and wondered how she felt. Was she nervous? Afraid? He was both, as well as elated and hopeful. Finally Luisa raised her fist again and knocked, lightly so he might not hear it if he was deeper in his apartment. Maybe that was her goal, to at least say she'd made the attempt truthfully. He stepped back from the door and opened it, a nervous smile playing on his lips. But she'd already turned away, ready to retreat. \"Luisa?\" Her whole body stiffened before she turned. But when she did, she was everything he'd ever hoped for and feared. Her eyes shone with a fear as deep as his own, anticipation warring with disbelief. He knew he looked different, his hair shorter, dyed pitch black, a color that didn't suit his fair complexion. He'd gained a few pounds, nothing to alter his appearance drastically but enough to make him feel a little self-conscious. He smiled awkwardly, uncertain how to tell her that she looked lovely without coming off as lecherous. \"Isaac.\" She couldn't seem to take her eyes off of him, her gaze taking him in from top to bottom and back again. He wasn't sure if he should be flattered or concerned. \"We should go inside.\" She finally said. \"Of course.\" He opened the door wider and gestured for her to come inside. His apartment was small, cluttered to the point that he had little to no counter space, but it suited his needs. Of course he wished he'd gotten an apartment that was a little grander, now that Luisa was studying her surroundings with a critical eye. He hoped she didn't find it lacking. \"So, this is where you've been hiding.\" Isaac flinched at the condemnation that laced her tone. She sounded angry, had every right to be furious with him. He hadn't warned her about Smoke, too much of a coward to do anything but turn tail and run. It was his biggest fault. He was a coward, always would be. He wished that he'd handled things differently, had been brave enough to stand with Luisa. He'd read in the paper that she was engaged, an editor or something. A man that had oozed confidence even in a black and white picture. \"For the last three months, yes. Before that it was a small city in Texas.\" Luisa settled carefully on his sofa, grimacing as the lumpy cushions did their best to swallow her. He'd been meaning to get a new sofa. This one had always been too soft. \"So, did you know that Bill Smoke was going to blow up that plane?\" She stared him down, her tone making it clear that she would not stand for any lies, even ones of omission. \"Straight to the point then,\" Isaac coughed, sliding his hands across his knees as he sat on the chair that matched his garish love seat. \"No, I wasn't aware Smoke was going to blow up the plane. I'd hope that I would have had enough decency to at least warn the airline.\" He spoke with an air of wearied regret. He could not say with any certainty that he would have warned the airline even if he'd somehow gotten wind of Smoke's plan. \"Then why didn't you come forward?\" Luisa demanded. Isaac considered lying, but Luisa's eyes demanded the truth. And he'd sworn to himself that he wouldn't lie, at least not to her. \"I never claimed to be brave. I caught the flu sometime before I was supposed to leave. I was at the airport, ready to board the plane when I got severe stomach cramps. I rushed to the bathroom and by the time I'd finished vomiting up the contents of my stomach, the plane had already done the last call for boarding. I went home and spent the next week sick as a dog. I called into the office and an intern I'd never met answered. I assumed he'd taken down the correct information but probably not. It was only when I finally dragged myself out of bed that I discovered that the plane that I was supposed to be on had gone down. It was still sensational enough news to be reported, my name included in the passenger manifest. I knew then that I was supposed to be dead.\" Isaac paused, gauging Luisa's reaction. She watched him with hard eyes. He bowed his head and continued. \"I've always been a coward.\" At Luisa's scoff, he sighed. \"I know it is no excuse. Of course it isn't. I was afraid, still am. I look over my shoulder constantly, even knowing that Lloyd Hooks was behind bars, that it is safe to come forward. But I couldn't hide anymore.\" He implored her to understand. \"I just want my life back. I want to be Isaac Sachs again.\" Luisa sighed, setting her pen down. She'd been taking notes the entire time he'd talked. \"You could get into trouble for this, Isaac. You've already been declared dead, even if that ruling was called into question.\" \"I know, I'll do whatever it takes Luisa. I need your help.\" She stared at him with consideration. He waited anxiously for her reply. \"Why come to me?\" \"You're connected to the story very intimately. You're the logical choice.\" \"There are half a dozen reporters in this city alone that would have been a better option. I've had one break, one story that's made any headlines. I've already been forgotten.\" She glared at him. \"Tell me the truth, Isaac.\" The truth, as he'd promised himself. But he was afraid, always afraid. \"I…I don't know,\" he finally offered. Luisa shook her head. \"Clearly this was a waste of time.\" She got to her feet, snapping her notebook closed and grabbing her purse. He got up as she made her way to the front door. He wanted to call her back, wanted to tell her that he loved her, that it felt like he'd loved her forever. But the words would not come, his throat closing in his panic . Luisa, Luisa, LUISA. But her name would not escape his lips. She walked out of his life, not with a bang, but a soft click, the door closing softly behind her. XX Isaac called her the next day, leaving a pleading voice mail on her answering machine. He left one every day for the next two weeks, babbling words that seemed to make little sense. Promises, demands, pleas. He knew time was running out, had been running out from the moment he'd set his eyes on her. She was getting married and the fear clutched at him, making him irrational. Isaac quit his job by the end of the two weeks, though no one was surprised to see him go. He'd hardly been coherent. There were whispers of a mental break, of the stress finally getting to him. He could care less. He moved back to San Francisco, keeping the name of Thomas Briggs, at least for the moment. It took him days more to overcome the voice that insisted quietly in his head that he was not good enough, that Luisa had no interest in him, and that he was worthless. It took him far too long to realize that maybe the voice was right, but there was the equal chance that it was wrong. He gave up on calling Luisa's home number, instead deciding to visit her at her place of employment. Isaac spent the morning watching the brick building, finding the courage to step inside the building and just go and see her, talk to her, tell her the truth as he'd meant to do in the first place. He was still a coward, but was saved from it just this once. She came out of the building on her own, her purse clutched tightly against her side as she walked towards the park that she ate her lunch at. Isaac could do nothing else but follow her. She sat at an empty bench, pulling out a brown sack from her purse, her lunch. He moved to approach her when a man beat him to her side. Isaac watched with growing dismay as Luisa's fiancé greeted her with a kiss. Isaac watched her face become more animated as she talked to the man, the sight of her happy smile settling heavily in his stomach. The man was attentive and affectionate, yet his smile was indulgent if anything. It rankled Isaac to see the man silence Luisa with fingers pressed gently to her lips, raising the wristwatch on his arm as an indication of the time. Luisa's smile dimmed immediately but she nodded, dutifully raising her check for him to kiss. The man strode away from her side without so much as a backwards glance, Luisa's eyes dropping immediately to her lap. He contemplated simply walking away, disappearing once again from her life and this time not returning. And he might have, but Luisa seemed to sense him, her eyes lifting and zeroing in on his location with impossible precision. Her eyes widened but she gestured him over with a wave of her hand. And Isaac found that he could not disobey. He approached her with a sheepish smile. \"Miss Rey.\" He clung to formalities, her last name a reminder that she wasn't married, not yet. \"Isaac.\" She seemed to struggle with words. \"What brings you to San Francisco?\" He laughed bitterly, wondering how she could act so casually as if she hadn't been avoiding his calls for days. \"I wonder that as well.\" Luisa frowned, impatience flickering across her face. \"What do you want, Isaac? You made it perfectly clear last time that we saw each other that we had nothing left to say.\" \"Nothing left to say? How could I say anything else when you ignore my calls?\" he demanded. \"Ignore your…? Andrew.\" At the name of her fiancé, Isaac scowled. \"Andrew?\" Luisa patted the bench beside her, Isaac sitting onto it heavily, suddenly tired of the confusion and miscommunication. \"It seems I haven't received a single call from you. It isn't hard to imagine why.\" Isaac hummed in thought, hope flickering back to life at the realization that she hadn't been avoiding him. \"Does he know who I am?\" Luisa shook her head once firmly. \"No. I made the mistake of telling him that you were an obsessive fan, the day you'd left your number. He could see I was shaken up by the experience and wondered why. I couldn't tell him who you really were, not when I didn't know for sure that it wasn't some sick joke.\" \"Ahh, so he deleted my messages as a courtesy.\" \"Maybe,\" Luisa pondered. \"I don't think he truly believed me about your first message. And he's been very attentive recently, which is very unlike him. Our arrangement worked because we each led our separate lives without interference from the other. Our engagement was hardly one built on passion.\" More like one built on loneliness and missed opportunities, for her at least. Isaac smiled at her statement, relieved that he at least had a chance of convincing her not to marry Andrew. Even if she did not want to marry Isaac. Falling in love with her after one night of discussion would hardly seem like something a sane man would do. But then, he felt that he'd been walking a thin line between sanity and madness since the moment he'd met her. She was familiar to him, and he feared he would never be able to let her go. \"Have you ever met someone, and knew from that moment that they would be the most important person in your life, no matter how ludicrous the idea was?\" He phrased the question casually but his shoulders were weighed down by doubts, tension threaded through every line of his body. She would either understand him, or think him mad. He wasn't sure which one he was hoping for. Luisa stared at him, her eyes wide and dark. He couldn't resist the urge to reach out and gently rub a tendril of her short hair between his fingers. He noted the faint blush that stained her cheeks, harder to see over her darker complexion. He loved her skin, longed to touch her, to taste her. But he was still waiting for her answer. \"I think we're both mad,\" she finally whispered, pressing his hand to her face. \"But I don't give a damn, as long as we're mad together.\" He laughed in surprise at the over-the-top sentiment, but he could not disagree. She felt it too, the connection that bound them together, and the rightness that settled between them as if they'd been made to fit together. \"I'd like that,\" he stated solemnly. Luisa shook her head, laughing at the sudden joy that coursed through her. She couldn't wait any longer, tugging on Isaac's short hair and pulling his mouth down to hers. XX It was different, she decided. Tracing the faint scars, birthmarks and moles that marred Isaac's pale, freckled skin. She adored every imperfection on his long body. She'd nipped, licked and kissed every inch of him, and he'd done the same to her. He wasn't more handsome than any man she'd let into her bed. He wasn't funnier, or better in any measurable way. But she loved him, and it made all the difference. She smiled faintly at the ring that adorned her finger, the stone small, as she'd wished it to be. Their marriage had created a scandal in his family, though she had no family of her own to disapprove. Sometimes they received glares from the typically small-minded. She didn't care, threading her fingers through Isaac's with a defiant tilt of her chin. And Isaac had learned to let go of his fear, to trust in her and himself. \"Luisa?\" Isaac's voice was hoarse from sleep. She snuggled closer to him, lifting her face to press a kiss against his jaw. \"Go back to sleep, Isaac. It's still early.\" \"Mm-hmm,\" he agreed, already drifting back into sleep. Luisa was ready to fall back asleep as well, warm and content in Isaac's embrace. She was only half-conscience when Isaac's voice murmured against her forehead. \"Love you, Luisa.\" \"Love you, Isaac.\" XX Thanks for reading. ","Summary":" I don't expect to get many hits on this one. Wrote it while watching Cloud Atlas for the third time"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"All Boundaries Are Conventions","Author":"Luthien Bumbleroot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9210528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hôtel Meling, Bruges, le 2 décembre 1931 à 23h20. Sixsmith, Tu te souviens du ciel étoilé de Corse ? Les lumières scintillaient autant dans ton regard que dans le mien. Nous étions libres, naïfs et totalement stupides. Je me souviens très bien de ce premier baiser échangé. Tu étais terriblement nerveux Sixsmith, j'en souris encore. Je revois tes mains tremblantes, ton hésitation. Tu as tenté par deux fois de troubler mes intentions en prenant la parole, sans savoir quoi dire. Tu pensais que tes études de sciences allaient pouvoir te sortir de là, mais tu avais tord. Je n'avais aucune idée de ce que tu me racontais et c'est ce qui m'a permis de faire le premier pas, d'attraper tes lèvres et de te faire taire. Je sais que tu te sens vexé de lire ces lignes, mais ne le sois pas. J'aime tes petits défauts. J'aime aussi tes discussions ennuyeuses sur la science, que je ne comprendrais jamais. Au moins, une passion t'anime et, même si je t'empêche souvent de partir dans des explications qui me donnent mal au crâne, tu sais bien que ton intelligence me séduit. Toi-même, tu ne comprends pas l'art, et tu m'aimes quand même, n'est-ce pas ? Revenons-en à ce souvenir, repartons en Corse, toi et moi. Souviens-toi de ce baiser paisible et innocent. Tes lèvres osaient à peine caresser les miennes. Je sais, tous deux avions entamé une relation interdite. Tu avais peur que quelqu'un nous surprenne... Je t'avais pourtant dit que je t'emmenais dans un lieu secret que j'avais déniché plus tôt dans la journée. Il a fallu attendre de longues minutes avant que tu ne puisses te détendre. Je me souviens encore de tes mains et de ton visage crispés, ton regard qui fuyait pour observer les alentours. Tu avais l'air d'un espion, nous avions même blagué sur ce sujet. À l'époque déjà, tu te montrais susceptibles de mes taquineries. Tu es pourtant adorable lorsque tu prends cette mine sévère. Tu pensais sûrement que je ne t'aimais pas assez, que je me jouais de toi. Pourtant, n'était-ce pas ce coté espiègle qui t'a attiré chez moi, en premier ? Mais nous reviendrons à ce souvenir dans une prochaine lettre. Pour l'instant, je dois travailler mon sextuor. Mais je ne t'oublie pas. Je prends toujours quelques minutes pour te donner de mes nouvelles. Sincèrement, R.F Note de l'auteur : Tout d'abord, merci d'avoir lu ce chapitre :) L'histoire de Robert Frobisher et Rufus Sixsmith m'a tellement émue, bouleversée, fascinée, que j'ai décidé d'écrire une fiction à leur sujet. Je reprends la méthode de récit du livre \" La cartographie des nuages \", à savoir l'histoire sous forme de lettres de Robert. Cependant, si vous avez lu le livre, vous remarquerez que je n'écris pas le texte comme dans le roman pour ce qui est de la façon dont s'exprime Robert (il mange les \" Je \" dans ses phrases, comme par exemple : \" me souviens de notre rencontre \"). Pour le reste, j'essaye de respecter au maximum. En espérant que le texte vous plaise et que vous suivrez cette fiction ;)[Chapter 2] Hôtel Meling, Bruges, le 3 décembre 1931 à 5h20. Sixsmith, Nous avions treize ans lors de notre première rencontre à Gresham . Nous étions des gamins et nous avions des rêves plein la tête. Je me souviens que tu étais toujours seul dans ton coin. Tu ne parlais à personne, à part aux professeurs. Je te voyais souvent courir après eux dans les couloirs, tes bouquins à la main. Tu leur posais des questions, fasciné par les sujets qu'ils avaient abordé en cours de sciences. J'ai de nombreuses fois intercepté vos discussions, mais je t'avoue franchement ne pas me souvenir de quoi vous parliez. Je te l'ai dit, la science et moi ne sommes pas amis. Ah, Gresham. J'ai de bons souvenirs de ce collège. Pas toi ? Ne me dis pas que tu penses à tous ces imbéciles qui t'ont mené la vie dure ? Ils n'en valent pas la peine, je te l'ai déjà dit. En parlant d'eux, tu te souviens de ce cher Vincent Wescot ? Bien-sûr que tu t'en souviens, quelle question. Il était un de tes pires cauchemars. Tu ne pouvais pas te rendre dans l'établissement sans avoir une peur bleue de ce crétin. Personnellement, il me sortait plus par les yeux qu'autre chose. Mais, tu sais bien pourquoi. Je ne pouvais pas m'empêcher de me mêler de ce qui ne me regardait pas. Du jour au lendemain, il ne s'était plus présenté en cours. Un mauvais rhume, tu parles ! Je lui ai fait peur en lui laissant une magnifique lettre dans ses affaires. Nous avions quinze ans à cette époque. Malgré son âge, proche du notre, crois-moi Sixsmith, il n'en menait pas large. Le contenu de cette lettre a développé chez lui une angoisse irrationnelle et paranoïaque. Je ne te dirais pas ce que je lui ai écris. Je te vois déjà me faire la morale... Mais sans cette lettre, il n'aurait pas arrêté de te chercher des poux. En tout cas, je me souviens clairement de ton drôle de regard quand tu as compris que c'était grâce à moi qu'il te laissait tranquille. Tu avais également compris que je voulais apprendre à te connaître et que tu m'intéressais. Je sais et j'ai toujours su que tu m'aimais. Nous étions jeunes mais je n'étais pas assez naïf pour ne pas voir clair dans ton jeu. Tes regards, tes joues rosies, en disaient long sur tes sentiments envers moi. Notre toute première rencontre était vraiment adorable. Tu étais assis sur un banc, un bouquin ouvert sur tes genoux et tu semblais absorbé par ta lecture. Je suis passé près de toi alors que mon père me faisait des recommandations afin que je sois poli face au directeur que nous devions rencontrer lui et moi. Je lui ai promis de suivre ses conseils et tu as levé les yeux au son de ma voix. Nos regards se sont croisés et j'ai su, dès cet instant, que nous allions vivre une grande histoire ensemble. Ne l'avons-nous pas déjà vécu, d'ailleurs ? Je m'interroge sur ce sujet. J'ai le sentiment que nos vies sont un perpétuel recommencement et que nous nous retrouvons toujours, d'une façon ou d'une autre. La fatigue me gagne. Je sais que tu détestes lorsque je commence un sujet et que je ne le termine pas comme tu le voudrais, mais je te promets de reparler de cette histoire de vies antérieures plus tard. Sincèrement, R.F ","Summary":" Hôtel Meling, Bruges, le 2 décembre 1931 à 23h20. Sixsmith, Tu te souviens du ciel étoilé de Corse "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Tale of a Fallen Angel","Author":"midsummernight94","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6929166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm finally writing a Zoom fanfic! I loved that movie when I was a kid, and I just watched it on youtube. It was pretty corny, but it has a lot of potential, so...here I am. I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! \"Dear God, not her! I thought they had a mission! Didn't they have to slay a giant sand monster or something? Why, oh why couldn't it have crushed her?\" Connie lamented as Summer Jones entered the hallway with her boyfriend. I smiled to myself; cursing Summer was an on going thing for Connie. They had despised each other ever since Summer had left our little group to join the 'Populars', as we had dubbed them. Instead of being like us-meaning high school's resident oddballs who'd actually have lives after they graduated- she was cheer captain, homecoming queen, class president, and not to mention part of the Zenith team. If that couldn't turn a person into a self-center \"Popular\", I don't know what would. \"It's okay,\" I said, trying hard not to laugh. \"Maybe next time.\" Connie nodded, looking perfectly serious. \"You're right, maybe next time, if we're lucky.\" We were shoved aside as a group of rabid cheerleaders pushed past us to join their superhero queen. I growled under my breath and cursed the mindless drones rushed to congratulate their heroes. I managed to make my way through the crowed without throttling anyone. I'm not sure if Connie fared as well. I assume she did, because the crowd didn't shriek in terror and scramble away from her in a desperate attempt to escape. I was the only one in the classroom when I arrived; even the teacher was gone. It seemed that no one was safe from the allure of our resident super heroes. I smiled bitterly, remembering when Zenith had held try outs for people to join their little crime fighting team. If I had actually tried out, I would be greeted by the same adoring fans that now stalked Summer and Dylan. I shuddered unwillingly. It was a terrible thought to have. As the bells rang, I whispered a quick payer up to heaven, asking God to make sure that nobody found out about the curse that I had kept hidden for all these years. Please review and tell me what you thought.[Chapter 2] Okay, this chapter's just an introduction to Evelyn, about her family and how she got her super power and all that happy stuff. I don't own anything, and I guess you could say that I borrowed Evelyn's power from Maximum Ride. I am Evelyn Durbin, mutant freak, daughter to a retired vice cop, and high school junior. Before I was even born, I had been destined to be \"biologically superior\" and \"the next step for human kind\". At least, that's what the psychopath who had help my parents conceive me through in vitro decided. He injected bird DNA into the embryo that would latter become me, and sabotaged the other embryos to make sure mine was the only one that survived. When my parents discovered my…peculiarities, they were horrified to say the least. Their doctors had tried to get my mother to get an abortion. She simply ignored their suggestions and told my father she'd love me despite the wings. She refused to even consider it, simply because she already loved my so much. She died because of it. Not before she could beg my father to keep me safe though. And I know that he's regretted respecting her wishes ever since. My relationship with my dad is a very complicated subject. He loved me because I'm his daughter, and he hated me because I'm the reason his wife died. He never actually said this of course, but he didn't need to. I could tell by the way he looked at me. Sometime he would just stare at me, and I could tell he was thinking of what his life would be like if my mother had survived instead of me. My dad wasn't the only one that I have a complicated relationship with. My step-mother was the bane of my existence. She was rude, vain, arrogant…the list goes on. But unfortunately, she's also the mother of my younger brother, who I adore. And she made my father happy, so I couldn't just ask him make her leave. I somehow managed to put up with her through my years in middle school and high school, much to my own amazement. All of this was stressful enough; I didn't need to add being part of the Zenith team and having people follow me around all day to the pile. Please review if you want me to continue the story.[Chapter 3] I still don't own anything. It had been a week since the Zenith team returned to our humble little town, and Connie had managed to calm down a bit, much to the disappointment of our friend Eric. Eric was an odd child, to say the least. He was practically seven feet tall, with curly brown hair and large hands and feet. He was our school's BFG (big friendly giant) and he took great pleasure in Connie's \"temper tantrums\", as he had dubbed them. Currently the three of us were having lunch at our favorite spot. It was a shady place outside of the school library, and not nearly as crowded as the rest of the school. We were laughing happily when two shadows fell over us. I looked up, expecting to see a pair of teachers or maybe a couple of kids from band. Instead I was greeted by Summer and Dylan. A cold shiver ran down my spine as the two heroes looked down at me. Connie growled and said, \"What the hell are you two doing here? Don't you have to go polish your medals that the mayor gave you or some thing?\" Eric elbowed her and looked at them apologetically. That's one of the big differences between Eric and Connie; Eric can't be rude to anyone, no matter how much he hates them. \"She doesn't mean it like that. What she's trying to say is-\" \"It's okay Eric, I know what she's trying to say,\" Summer interrupted in a kind voice. \"So… what's up with you three?\" We stared at them with stunned expressions. Could they really be stupid enough not to see how much we wanted them to leave? Jesus, wasn't Summer and empath? I thought she was supposed to notice thing like that. \"Anything you need to talk about?\" Her eyes locked onto mine and I could tell the question was only addressed to me. \"Any big life changing moments? Any new found abilities?\" My mouth went dry and I had to force the answer out. \"N-no. Not that it's any of your business if I did.\" The subtle growl in my voice help reinforce my answer. Dylan glared at us if we were the ones interrupting their lunch and tried to drag her away. \"Let's go Summer, this was a bad idea.\" \"Yes, please go,\" Connie said in a chipper voice. \"Your presence makes me want to hurl.\" This caused Eric to elbow her again. They didn't seem to notice Connie or Eric though. Dylan was to busy trying to get Summer's attention and Summer was to busy watching me. What were they doing here? What did she mean, 'new found abilities'? My mind went into hyper drive, trying to process what was happening. Could they possibly know about my wings? Why else would they be here? Summer at least suspected something, if I were to judge by the way she was watching me. \"I've got to go,\" I said suddenly, leaping to my feet. I grabbed my backpack and fled to the nearest bathroom. There was nobody else in there when I arrived, which I found oddly convenient. I paced back and forth, looking in the mirror occasionally, as if my reflection could help me think more clearly. Alright. So the Zenith team might have found out I could fly. No big deal right? I didn't even know for sure that they knew. How could they know? I had been so careful; I rarely flew at all. They only time I flew was when my family went on hiking trips to most remote places possible, which only happened about once a year. And these trips were nowhere near where any government official could spot my peculiarities, even if they were the precious Zenith team. No, it wasn't even possible. There was no way they could possibly know about me. I was just being paranoid. Obviously I had only imagined Summer watching me suspiciously. I had relaxed a bit when a voice interrupted my train of thought. \"Are you okay?\" I looked up to see Summer Jones watching me with a worried expression on her face. \"You kind of left in a hurry, and I just wanted to make sure you weren't sick.\" I forced a smile. \"I'll be fine, I must be coming down with the flu or something. \" She seemed to buy this and she nodded before turning away. I waited a moment or two before following her out and returning to my friends. When I found them, Connie and Eric were snapping at each other; something about Connie being a bitch and Eric not being intimidating enough. They stopped and stared at me as I walked up to them. Eric was the first to speak. \"Are you okay? We've been looking every where for you!\" I rolled my eyes. \"Not well enough apparently. Summer found me first.\" Connie winced at my misfortune. \"I'm glad it was you instead of me. But if you hadn't run off she wouldn't have followed you in the first place,\" Connie scolded. \"What the hell was that about anyway?\" My two friends looked at me expectantly, as if I were about to reveal the most amazing secret either of them would hear in their entire lives. If I had chosen to tell them about my wings, and the few other endowments that accompanied them, it would have been. For one moment, I really did want to tell them, if only so somebody would know about me besides my father. But I knew them to well. Connie would think I was lying, and if Eric knew it would be on Facebook within an hour; he couldn't keep a secret to save his life. \"It's not important,\" I mumbled as the bell rang. \"I'll see you guys after school.\" I turned and rushed to my next class before they could try to force more out of me. \"Eric, do you she's hiding something?\" I heard Connie say behind me. She had no idea. Please Review, it'd help me out a lot with my writing. The next chapter will be very critical to the rest of the story. ;)[Chapter 4] Hello, sorry i haven't written in so long. I've had a terrible case of writer's block when it came to this story, and I couldn't seem to start on the next chapter. Then i realized the reason I was having trouble on the fifth chapter was because the fourth when didn't make sense. So I redid most of it, and I am almost a quarter of the way done with the next chapter, so you won't have to wait very long, maybe a month at the most. Any way... I don't own Zoom , nor am I making a profit from this. I didn't even wait for my friends after school, as was tradition. I wasn't sure they'd bring up what happened today, but I decided not to risk it. There'd just be too much to explain. Rain poured down and plastered my hair to my face as I ran towards my car. I ripped the door open and dived inside, turning on the ignition simultaneously. Heat flooded the car and I sighed, happy to be out of the frozen downpour outside. I had started to pull out of the parking lot when I noticed Dylan and Summer standing a few yards away from me. They were huddled under an umbrella, and Summer was looking straight at me. Dylan followed her gaze and frowned. He tugged at her arm impatiently, which thankfully drew her gaze away from me. He opened his car door for her and she stepped inside after casting one more suspicious glance at me. A car horn blared from somewhere behind me, and I looked in my rear-view mirror to see a rather large truck only a few feet behind me. I blushed widely at the realization that I had pulled out in front of it. I mouthed \"sorry\" to the other driver -who was glaring at me lividly- before racing off. When I finally arrived at my house I had driven myself crazy. What was it exactly that Summer wanted with me? Why should she care if I had a secret? Ev eryone had secretes- why was she trying so hard to uncover mine? I stopped in font of my house and slammed the car door shut after I got out. Why couldn't Summer just leave me alone? \"Ev'lyn!\" A pair of arms wrapped themselves around my legs and I almost fell flat on my face. I struggled to keep my balance and looked down into the face of my attacker. \"Oh. Hello Kevin.\" Kevin flashed me one of his adorable smiles and released my legs. \"Hi sissy!\" He had bright blue eyes, which had come from Alaina. His hair, which was a dark brown, came from my father. He looked like a perfect, innocent angel, which was proof God had a sense of humor. It was hard to believe something so adorable could come from my stepmother. \"How was school?\" he asked cheerfully as we walked back to the house. \"It was okay, nothing really exciting happened though.\" There was no point in making him worry about my problems, not that he would have understood them. \"How was your day?\" His eyes sparkled happily as he told me about school. His teacher, Mrs. Sloan, who he had been completely in love with since the first day of Kindergarten, was pretty and the nicest woman in the world. He had peanut butter& jelly for lunch, and Mrs. Sloan was very pretty. They worked on reading and were told a story after snack, and Mrs. Sloan was the prettiest woman ever in the whole-wide world and he was going to marry her. \"Can I have a cookie?\" he asked me as soon as we walked through the door. I sighed and shook my head. \"Sorry Kevin, you aren't supposed to have sugar, remember? It gives you nightmares.\" My brother pouted. \"But I'm not goin' to bed yet.\" That was true; he'd probably have all of the sugar burned out his system by the time he went to bed. There surely wouldn't be any harm in giving him one cookie… \"Fine.\" I grabbed a package Oreos from the top shelf of the pantry and handed him one. \"Here you go.\" He squealed happily and ran off with his cookie to watch T.V. I sighed to myself; I'd defiantly get hell later for giving him any sugar. I heard a whimper from behind me and winced. Oh no… I turned around and looked Lucky straight in the eye. \"No.\" She whimpered again, her eyes flickering between me and a bag of Pupperonie. \"No. Lucky, you don't deserve a treat.\" Lucky was a beagle/retriever/mutt with molted fur and large brown eyes. She also had a strange fetish for attacking my shoes, which was why she didn't deserve a treat. She looked at me pleadingly and I felt my reserve start to melt. Damn my soft heart. I tossed her a treat and she ran off, barking her thanks. Neither of them bothered me after that. I was able to work on my Algebra II in peace. I was able to put of the moment that I was dreading for almost two hours. That was when Nathan got home. \"Daddy!\" Shouting the name of whatever family member he was talking to was the standard greeting of Kevin. \"Hey sport.\" My dad laughed and ruffled his hair. Then seeing the question forming on Kevin's lips, he said, \"Mommy will be coming home late tonight, she has to work late.\" Of course she was. Alaina's job that kept her away from home a lot. At least, that was her excuse. I studied my dad carefully as he walked into the kitchen. It was amazing how much alike we look. He and I had the same grey eyes, and my face is only a more petite version of his. The only major difference is our hair color; his hair was a deep black color, and I had inherited my mother's caramel hair color. Dad seemed to feel my eyes on him and looked up with a worried on his face. \"Hello Evelyn,\" his voice came out slightly awkward. That wasn't unusual, he rarely knew what to say to me. It wasn't always this difficult between us. I contemplated telling him about Summer and Dylan, but decided against it. What would be the point of telling him that all of our caution had been for nothing when I had no proof that the Zenith team knew anything about me? It would only cause him unneeded stress. \"Hi Dad. Do you want any help fixing supper?\" \"She's hiding something, I know she is; I just don't know what!\" Summer growled for what had to be the seventh time. Conner groaned to himself. These bi-weekly meetings really were a pain in the ass. \"Summer, calm down. You're taking this way to seriously,\" Jack said in soothing voice. \"Please, start from the beginning. I only got about half of what you just said.\" Summer took a deep breath before saying, \"There's this girl named Evelyn at my school, and she's hiding something. There isn't much more that I can tell you besides that. She keeps to herself mostly and has only two close friends, and she doesn't even talk to them much.\" Summer paused before changing her mind. \"Well, she doesn't talk about herself at least. Any way, it's like I said, I can't tell what she's hiding, I just know that it's important.\" Jack nodded as if he could see the point of Summer's fretting. Conner, for one, did not. \"What exactly do you propose we do, exactly,\" Conner asked with an exasperated voice. Every one else at the table looked at Conner with surprised expressions-he didn't often speak up during the meetings. \"Summer thinks that we should stage an intervention for Evelyn and convince her to tell us if she's like us,\" Dylan answered before Summer could even open her mouth. The disgusted look on his face showed what he thought of her plan. \"Summer…\" Jack said in hesitantly. He shook his head and continued, \"We can't just force a girl to reveal whether or not she's a mutant-especially when we don't have any proof.\" \"The general agrees with me,\" Summer said in a soft voice. \"I talked to him before the meeting, and he thinks that Evelyn is worth checking out.\" Jack looked at her with a shocked expression. He blinked a few times as he tried to think of a response. \"I see,\" his voice came out oddly strangled. \"I suppose we will have to talk to this…Evelyn girl. But only,\" he added, spotting Summer's over-joyed expression, \"after we've gathered enough information to even suspect that she belongs here. What did you say her full name was?\" Connor looked at his now older brother in horror. \"You're actually doing this?\" Jack didn't answer right away. \"It wouldn't hurt to check it out,\" he finally said in a soft voice that clearly meant that Conner shouldn't try to argue with him. Jack looked back at Summer expectantly. She looked confused for a moment before remembering what Jack had asked her. \"Durbin, her last name's Durbin.\" For some reason the name struck a chord with Connor, and he took a moment to remember where he had heard it before. When he didn't reach any likely possibilities, Conner gave up, telling himself that Durbin was a common name and that he had probably come across it thousands of times. Jack finished writing the name down and said, \"I'll get this to Doctor Grant and tell him to see if he can find her birth records. There might be a clue some where in those.\" He dismissed the rest of the team with a rather downcast look and walked out behind them. He sighed to himself as he closed the Board Room door, wondering what he had gotten himself into. Please review![Chapter 5] Well, this chapter obviously wasn't up as soon as I said it would be. But thanks to any consistent readers who have waited patiently for this update. I have offered an explaination in this chapter for some of Summer's OOCness. None of the reviews I've recieved have pointed any out, but I felt that the Summer I was portraying differed from the one in the movie. I have also introduced the main antagonist of this fic in this chapter. 'The Ballad of Reading Gaol' belongs to Oscar Wilde I resolved to avoid any sign of Summer or Dylan today at school. There wasn't anything else I could do really. I could not tell any official about what I thought was happening, not without revealing what I was, and that was a risk I wasn't willing to take. Fortunately there was no sign of either of them when I arrived at school that morning. I breathed a bit easier at the thought of not having to deal with them today. Eric met me in front of the main building on campus, as he always did. I smiled at him, but my smile was soon wiped of my face when I saw the way Eric was looking at me. He seemed wary, not at all like his usual self. \"Are you okay?\" I asked, looking at him in concern. \"I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about.\" He said in a hushed voice as we walked toward our class. \" Me ? Why on Earth are you worried me ?\" I feigned confusion, thinking for the first time that I should have been more careful around my friends then I had been. Eric was more observant then Connie, it wasn't unlikely that he would noticed if I let anything about my secret slip. \"You really worried us when you stormed off yesterday.\" He said simply. I released the breath I didn't even know I was holding. I felt a bit guilty for not trusting him; had I really grown so paranoid that I didn't trust my own best friend? \"Oh that- I'm fine. I was just feeling ill.\" It wasn't a lie, not entirely at least. The thought of being discovered always made my stomach churn. \"It's not just yesterday.\" Eric admitted, holding the classroom door open for me. \"You been acting strange for a while now. What happened with Summer was hardly the most unusual thing you've done.\" I was a bit insulted by this- it's not as if I didn't try to act normal. I almost pointed out that Eric had a few little quirks of his own, but was interrupted by the morning bell. \"What was that about anyway? And don't you dare say that Summer makes you feel sick- that's a response I'd expect from Connie, not from you.\" \"It's really not that important, now please, let it go ,\" I hissed as the rest of our class slowly filed in. Eric frowned but kept his mouth shut, turning to the front to watch our teacher scribble notes down on the SMART board. \"You aren't actually going to do this?\" Dylan asked Summer as they drove to school in his run down truck. He was worried about her. They all were, but Dylan was admittedly more worried than the others. Summer couldn't blame them; she was worried about herself too. \"I am,\" she said calmly. \"Unless you have a good reason as to why I shouldn't?\" Summer winced as waves of frustration rolled off him; she hated it when he got upset. \"A good reason? Oh okay,\" he said, pretending to think about it. \"I think I've found one. Is \" you sound insane and are acting like some sort of stalker \" a good enough reason?\" Summer tried not to wince at the sound of the word insane . \"Nope,\" she tried to make her tone teasing, as if this were all a joke. \"You're just going to have to trust me,\" she added hastily, seeing Dylan's knuckles go white as he clenched his fists around the steering wheel. \"I know what I'm doing.\" Dylan didn't respond. Summer sighed in frustration. If only she could explain why it was so important that they get Evelyn onto their team as quickly a possible… but she couldn't. He wouldn't let her. For weeks now she had been receiving impulses from a very disturbed individual. His (the individual was obviously a male) presence had been subtle at first, but as the weeks wore on it grew considerably stronger, and creepier. He was obsessed with a teenage girl- a scary enough thought on it's own, but far worse when coupled with the fact that Summer knew the girl he was obsessed with. She had tried to tell them that Evelyn was in danger, but discovered that part of her didn't want to warn them. Of course she knew that she should , and that it was very important that she did so, but part of her simply refused to. It didn't take long to realize that the man she was receiving impulses from was purposefully influencing her emotions. That was the scariest thing about this whole situation. If she couldn't stop the man from using her own powers against her how could she expect to protect other people? ' But I found a way around his manipulation ,\" she said to herself, slightly smug. The man's biggest concern was that Evelyn be accepted into the Zenith team (the reason why he wanted this was hidden from her). Summer was certain that his influence over her would cease once the task was completed. Then she could tell the rest of the team about the danger Evelyn was in. If they thought that she was going insane in the process, then so be it. \"'Yet each man kills the thing he loves/by each let this be heard/ Some do it with a bitter look/ Some with a flattering word/ The coward does it with a kiss/ the brave man with the sword!'\" Hyde set the volumes of poems down on the small mahogany table that was stationed next to his chair. A brilliant man, that Oscar Wilde. Hyde found himself always agreeing with every word that had flowed from that magnificent man's pen. After all, who knew better then he that doing what was best for those you loved would temporarily pain them? Take Evelyn for example. His creation deserved to show off her abilities, to learn to use them with the deadly force that he intended. Of course her father's insistence that she was a monster-words the man had never spoken, but Hyde was sure that it was what he felt- had penetrated deeply into her psyche, and people contending that she was other wise would be an unfamiliar-perhaps even painful- concept to her. The Zenith team would hopefully be able to temper her attitude into one he could work with. If only that Summer girl could work faster. If only his control over her powers were more complete. But Hyde couldn't rush her, that was what allowed her to discover his influence in the first place. No, he would be patient-for now at least. The less he was personally involved with this the better. \"Dr. Hyde.\" The voice entering from the entry way had a brisk, no nonsense quality to it. He looked up to see his secretary- Janet? Marleen? Didn't matter.- standing in the door way. \"What is it?\" \"The embryos are ready sir.\" \"I see,\" Hyde sighed and hefted himself out of his arm chair. \"I'll be right there. thank you for letting me know.\" The secretary gave him a brief nod as a welcome and stalked out tof the room, her skirt swishing around her knees as she went. Hyde cast a finale look of longing at the Oscar Wilde collection before following- his breaks never did last long enough. Constructive Criticism is appreciated, especially where characyers are concerned. Please review, and hopefully the next update won't take as long. ","Summary":" I'm finally writing a Zoom fanfic! I loved that movie when I was a kid, and I just watched it on yo"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Simple Moment","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Mixture of script and movie canons. Simple Moment The low growl rumbling from his chest sent vibrations all throughout Sonja's body. Varek held her back tight against him; his arms were wrapped around her securely. The warmth of his breath tickled her left ear and the back of her neck; goosebumps formed along her shoulder. He had one leg draped over both of hers while the other was slightly between her thighs. They had been laying in that position for almost two hours. Long enough for the dew to saturate their hair. Sonja didn't want to move. She could tell by the growl Varek sent shuddering through her body that he felt the same way. It almost made her giggle. She liked hearing that growl; she liked hearing Varek complain about getting up, getting back on the road, when they were comfortable. And so close. \"You didn't sleep tonight.\" \"No.\" He was still growling when he answered her. His arms tightened just a little. \"You didn't either.\" \"I never sleep,\" she reminded him. \"I know. This morning I wanted to join you.\" Sonja smiled at that. She felt warmth spread through her; nothing made her happier than when Varek said something like that. She guessed that she wasn't that different from most human women in relationships; always wanting to hear the guy say sweet things, just little things. The little things could sometimes mean the most. \"Did you have fun joining me?\" \"Yes. Yes I did.\" He buried his face in her hair. He sniffed and nuzzled the top of her head. \"Maybe I'll do it more often.\" He bowed his head down, pulling his face from her hair to rest his cheek on hers. \"If that's all right.\" Sonja almost laughed at that. As if Varek would bother asking permission; she knew he was humoring her, teasing her. Just to see what she would say - if she would tease or joke back or simply stroke his ego. \"We both know it doesn't matter if it's all right with me or not,\" she replied with a wry smile. Varek nipped lightly at her jaw. \"That's not true,\" he gruffly corrected her. \"Answer me.\" Sonja blinked and angled her head to look up at him. Her smile faded as she studied his face closely. It was surprising to find he was in fact being completely serious. This time the curve of her lips was gentle and grateful. \"It's fine with me, Varek. You should know that.\" Varek smirked at her; there was a wicked point to his canines. \"Of course I do. But I like hearing you say it.\" He dove in for a kiss before Sonja could do a thing in response. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Truth","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Sort of a companion piece to \"Just One\". This was another request by the same friend, who wanted Kat's POV as she's changing near her end. Truth \" You live a lie.\" Whatever happened to absolute truth? I used to believe in it. I used to believe that we were right, they were wrong. We were victims, they were monsters. I believed in hope and freedom and humanity and a life of innocence and happiness, just beyond my fingertips. I never stopped to think that maybe with claws I could finally reach that life. \" We are not human.\" Is it wrong to spend your life wanting to be something you're not? Perhaps that's what made me the most human. Wanting the American, human dream. Doesn't every little girl want to be a princess, pure and sweet? I tried so hard. I used to be Daddy's princess. I used to be Adam's sugar. Now I'm a beast. Now I am blood and fire and I feel the wild spreading through my body. \" I will give you life.\" Once upon a time, I was a happy little girl. I had a beautiful, alive mother and a happy father - and an uncle who loved and spoiled me. I knew nothing of monsters lurking in the woods and under my own family's skin. I did not feel the beast that rested within my own soul, waiting for her release. I knew nothing of death, of sacrifice, of loss. Every little girl loses something the moment it sinks in that they'll never be what they want to be. Or maybe it's just me. \" You will be free.\" I love, but it's tainted. I live, but it's restricted. I feel, but it's subdued. Whispers fluttering through my head like flies buzzing around a carcass, and I slowly am forgetting all my little girl dreams. I'm surrounded by strangers that no longer love me. He looked so different, Daddy. He was a stranger. You look so different, Daddy. Maybe he isn't the stranger anymore. \" They will fear you. They will mean to hurt you, punish you. They will want to end you. End all of us.\" Maybe none of them were strangers. I look at the body on the ground. I look at the strangers bound. I knew these people, once upon a time. Thrashing, flailing. Like panicked prey – like animals cornered, like lambs before the slaughter. I saw this last night. I tasted this last night. Struggling, fearful creatures with survival instinct kicking in. I smell their fear. I smelt this last night. \" I will open your eyes, Katherine.\" They're yelling, they're thrashing, they're trying to hurt me. They want me dead. They aren't the strangers at all. I am. \" I will show you truth.\" I used to believe in absolute truth. Now I know; that truth was always the real lie. I am not a victim. I am not a monster. I am. I am wolf and I am woman and I want both worlds. I can have both worlds. I know that now. Everything else was a lie. Everything else was wrong. Everything else was wasted, and I won't waste myself anymore. They won't take my new dream from me. I'll dig my claws in deep. \" Kill the boy, Katherine. Don't let them stop you. Don't let them kill us.\" Something's tearing inside of me, and for the first time I laugh, I truly laugh. Because it's the first time that frightened, weak part of me is the one trapped inside. She is crying and clawing and trying to hold me back all by herself. Because they are helpless and trapped. Now they fully understand what I've suffered. They could never know what it was like. I could show them. I could open their eyes. She's crying, and I'm hurting everywhere. Vermillion sway tugging at my senses, and my heart wants to bleed out. Soon it will all be over. \" They won't understand. They can't. It isn't their fault. But don't let them stop you.\" They want to stop me. They want her back, but she's almost gone. She's me. It feels good to be one at last. Soon it will be over, and there won't be any more confusion. I'll see perfectly, clearly, once and for all. Come nightfall, I half-expect to find myself in full control. For the first time I will have full control. Last night was a taste. Tonight will be more. They won't stop me. \"I love you. And you love me.\" \"No, no, Katherine, don't.\" I love you both. But you don't want me anymore. \" I will show you the truth.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Sleep","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229789","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Jan '05/July '05 scripts canon. Sleep His wild one rarely slept. He noticed this just a week after taking her into the fold. He knew it was not always necessary for their kind to sleep; indeed, he rarely slept himself. But he also knew she was young, fresh, and her body was still adjusting. He knew that she did need sleep. She fought against it every time. If they were resting, she would wander off or pace the camp. Sometimes if they were near a lake or river she would swim. If they were in the desert she would strip and just bathe in the sun; too hot to sleep or to let him sleep. He never asked her. It wouldn't be fair of him, would it? He had no intention of telling her his past; even if she asked. So what gave him the right to pry into hers? He didn't wish to abuse his power over her, not his young and wild one. No, he let it slide. He watched her survive the changes in her body and her mind and her heart and her very being without sleep. He watched her with more pride than worry; he knew she would live up to his expectations. And she kept on, never sleeping, only growing stronger. Only growing wilder. She was full of fire and youth; the war never really took a toll on her. She brushed it off easily, far more easily than he ever could. It was the one thing he had ever envied in this life, and he found it almost poetic that his chosen mate was the one to provoke his envy. The carefree wildfire hardly concerned herself with the war, hardly felt any real conviction to any causes. All she cared about was pleasing him – and staying awake. She fought the fight because she knew it pleased him, but he was aware her personal belief was to abandon it and simply live. Sometimes he wondered if he should listen to her unspoken advice. The war grew long and weary, and they were not immortal. But there was something in him, something that had been in Caleb too, that would not leave the fight. The thought of a future without fighting - of ultimate freedom. And though he felt no bonds with others of his kind outside his pack, he still fought for a better future for them. For the wild ones like his young one. And she knew. So she never questioned him in that regard; she never tried to convince him to let it go. She kept him focused and ready; she kept him alive. The wildfire filled him with renewed passion, and her zealous devotion to him fueled his devotion to their life and their fight. She knew this, too; she took great pride in it. Still, she never slept. Or perhaps she did. There were times when he himself slept. He could not know for certain that she had never closed her eyes and drifted off. But every time he woke, he saw her standing or sitting a little ways away. Her eyes would either be on him, or staring into the distance; into the great unknown of possibilities and potential. Those were her softest and weakest moments. Varek was still certain she did not sleep though. Because when he would wake, and see her vulnerable and full of thoughts that didn't suit her normal disposition, her eyes were sleepy and she was shaking. Fighting it off. Sonja was always fighting. She fought more than Varek did. But her battles were quieter and fought on her own private battlefield that he couldn't see. She fought his fight, because it helped her escape from the one inside. She fought against her own nature – that nature she had left behind. The remnants lingered on. Varek saw them every time he woke. And that was most of all renewed his conviction. If they could win this war, then Sonja could win her own. Perhaps she would finally let him help her. Perhaps he would finally let her in completely. And maybe then she would finally sleep. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Resurrection","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Author's Note: Requested fic written for a friend. This idea is based on an extremely early draft of the script, where the age difference between Varek and Sonja was much bigger, and it was possible Sonja was turned while still a teenager. Resurrection It's just a day. Any other day. Nothing special or out of the ordinary. It's just a quiet, boring day; another day of being alone, and it's wearing him down. The lone wolf is lonely, and it doesn't have anything to do with society's traditions and the bitter cold. But there's a girl on the corner of a street in the bad part of town. He's been eyeing her all morning; a doe in the clearing. She's selling, but nobody's buying - even the lowlifes are staying clean today. He licks his canines behind closed lips. He's hungry. He won't want a meal for another week; these are different hunger pains. He hasn't felt this craving in a long time, and never this strong. He's been searching for a pack to stick to, tired of isolation - but now he's thinking, gears are turning. He never sticks with any of the packs. Never gets along. But there's that girl, sitting on the edge of the sidewalk and defiantly holding her head high. The cold is stinging her skin, he can see it, but the shine in her eyes won't stain her cheeks - oh, no, she's much too proud for that. And he understands why he's been so lonely. It's a different kind of hunger pawing away at his insides; the wolf's lust isn't for blood, isn't for the kill. He wants the hunt, the thrill of the chase; he wants his fill of her, but it won't be his gullet he fills. He's craved it for so long, but he'd forgotten what it was - until her. There's that girl, staring at every person that passes her by. Her eyes are daring them to look at her, acknowledge her. She looks ready to pounce on anyone who does, remind them that there are some out in the world not filled with cheer and goodwill. He'd like to see that. She's standing up again. She looks at the men, she curves her lips; it isn't a smile, the corners of her lips are just turned upward. The angles are to sharp, the line drawn too tight. She can't lower herself enough to fake it. There's a wildfire in this little one before him, just under the icy edges. He's been warming his hands, but the rest of him is tired of being left in the cold. The lone wolf won't be lonely anymore. And when she looks up at him, that sharp, tight curve on her face, he wants more than she can give him. He's so tempted to buy what she's selling, and he knows he'll turn those hard lines on her face into softness and awe. He truly wishes he could take her now - but the flames in his little wildfire's eyes are too young. It strikes him, as he offers her his left hand, that today is the day of the Christ Child's birth - but he'll be packing death and resurrection into one night tonight. He never was one for tradition. He's been a rebel without a cause too long. And his wildfire can't blaze brightly until she rises from the ashes. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Wounded Wings","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Inspired by an interview where Natassia Malthe (Sonja) had the hawk with her. Apparently she was extremely fond of the bird, which is kind of adorable to me. Wounded Wings The hawk cried weakly in Sonja's arms and fought for life. It was a miracle she still lived. Her wings were damaged, her face bloody. Her feathers were ruffled and matted with blood. There were even tiny shards of glass in some of the clumps. Sonja ignored Varek and Zo as they regrouped. She carefully and gingerly picked the pieces of glass from the injured hawk. She ignored when the hawk snapped its beak at her when her fingers got close. She tended to the bird as if it was her own; as if it was her child. It had been Grenier's. The hawk had been Grenier's loyal companion, faithful friend, adoring child, clever pet, dutiful scout – everything Grenier had wanted it to be, she had been. This hawk was loyal to them all. This hawk had helped them one last time. \"I'm sorry,\" Sonja whispered; she spoke so softly even Varek and Zo didn't hear her. The bird simply looked up at her. Whether it understood Sonja was something the Alpha female wasn't sure of. She had never known if Grenier was the only one the hawk could communicate with. Still, the hawk quieted and calmed. \"I'm sorry he isn't here. I miss him too.\" Sonja picked the last of the glass shards from the hawk's wings. \"I'll make it right.\" \"Sonja.\" The Alpha female gently laid the bird down in a nest made of cloth taken from the RV. Her eyes were pitying and empathetic; it was the softest expression she'd had since the moment Varek had turned her. \"He'll make it right.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"The Violation of a Sacrificial Wolf","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Written after seeing a still from a deleted scene of Zo toying with Kat while Varek watched. The Violation of a Sacrificial Wolf In Sheep's Clothing Caleb never slept. He only dreamt. Sometimes they were good; sweet, beautiful dreams of times long gone, never to return. Sometimes they were bad; nightmarish visions of times that would never leave him. Tonight it was the nightmares. Tonight it was his own flesh and blood with blonde hair and brown eyes. Wide, frightened eyes, staring up at him in fear, in confusion, in betrayal, in pleading terror and dying, hopeful recognition. She was strong, and she was brave, and she was so very selfless. She was everything they weren't. But one of their own was gone. Their alpha's past sins and indiscretions were laid out before them with the corpse of their fallen pack mate. It had been years, but the constant lie made it a fresh betrayal. He was leading them after a threat he had helped to create. He was taken away to prevent it; he was taken too late. Those years had caught up with him, and now one of their own was gone. Now they were in more danger. Now they doubted him. He could promise and swear and vow until he couldn't speak another word, but it would never truly be enough. And there she was, frightened and alone. She was young and innocent and bound; just like a damsel in a fairy tale. There be the dragons. Three of them surrounding her like raptors. Circling her like a pack of wolves with their cornered quarry. In their world, there weren't dragons, and no fairy tale happy endings. Only wolves. Her pleas still rang in his ears. Like a dying deer's last few breaths. He never said a word as they pounced on her. Blood did not mean a thing. It was just something they craved. Family was who he chose. He had to make his choice through more than words. One of their own was dead. A member of his pack; a member of his family. He let them even it all out. He watched. He stood there, in the middle of the fray, and he watched. He made the decision, and he watched. He took no part in it; he just fucking watched. She cried when the blood trickling into her mouth. She cried when the moon pulled at her. She was still crying when Caleb woke up. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Rage Like a Dog from the Fortress","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229733","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Title comes from the meaning of Caleb and Varek. According to certain sites, Caleb can mean \"Rage like a dog\", while Varek means \"from the fortress\". Set during the climax. Rage Like a Dog from the Fortress Snarling, seething, his vision vermillion. The color of the perverse moon high above, no longer clear cut black and white. His own flesh and blood he longed to taste. Water ran thicker than blood ever could. Blood was sweet and coppery. Water was cleansing clarity. Water stained the ground, life left the fallen ones. Blood was all that was left; blood and death. Canines and claws clashed; razor sharp and aching for flesh. Whimpers echoed everywhere. Loudest in his head; ringing in his ears. He was frozen, time was speeding, she was dying, they were running, fate was laughing. Howling and screaming drowned it all out. So loud, but only in his head. So loud he couldn't make a noise. Clarity was gone. His spine felt severed. They were running, they were leaving, they were winning the race. Time was almost up. So many were already lost and gone, left behind, never to catch up. Everything stopped inside his head. She was speaking, and everything silenced for her words. They rang loud and true. Running, chasing, hunting, his body burning. Time was slipping by him. Vision muddled, murky, but her words rang true. So many lost, so many to save; would he let it all be in vain? Seething, searing, his vision blood and flames. The crimson light of the sky waned. His own flesh and blood he would taste. Water ran thicker than blood, and both ran dry in his veins. Dead Timnah, he was strong again. Delilah fled, and Samson ran to bring the temple down. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"The First Few Days","Author":"Ichobana Rose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6838762","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The First Few Days \"Dad? Dad?\" Caleb blinked, through the fog of pain clouding his mind. Where was he? Why was he lying on the ground like this, in – was it a warehouse? His vision cleared and he lifted his head to look to his side, where a boy stood over him. It was the boy who had called him \"dad\". He wasn't sure, but the kid did look sort of familiar… His heart stopped when he glanced behind the boy and saw her. Rachel. Caleb's wife, the most beautiful woman in the world. Worry had aged her, and she looked at him with suspicion in her eyes, but there she was. He felt like he hadn't seen her in years. Relieved, he tried to sit up, to go to her, but a white-hot pain in his back stopped him and he lay back, gasping. The boy and Rachel flinched at his movement, the woman tightening her hold on the long pipe in her hand, as if ready to bash Caleb with it. That was strange. \"Mom?\" the boy spoke again, this time to Rachel. \"Mom, he's hurt bad. Should we get him to a hospital?\" Rachel tore her eyes away from the man on the floor and looked at her son. He was pale, still breathing hard, still bleeding from the neck where he'd been bitten…and he was worried about Varek! Or…was it Varek? She'd come to terms with the fact that her husband Caleb was gone, and that Varek had – in a sense – overtaken his body as an evil Skinwalker…but now was Caleb back? The wolf's body was gone, but she had no guarantee that he didn't still lurk inside her husband's body, ready to leap on her and Timothy when he had the chance. Timothy, not getting a response from his mom, knelt next to the man he'd known for two days was his father. \"Tim!\" Rachel protested. He ignored her, looking into Caleb's eyes. \"Dad?\" he asked again. \"Son?\" Caleb managed to breath before he passed out. Violent and bloody dreams played themselves behind Caleb's eyelids, and he was powerless to stop them. A man called Varek killed people, ordered the destruction of settlements, and drank greedily of the sickly sweet liquid that was human blood. Caleb wanted to push them away, but he was trapped in his feverish dreams. A woman passed before his eyes, showing more of her skin than he wanted to see and…did she realize he was married? Varek didn't care, and Caleb was treated to seeing violent sex between the two skinwalkers as they changed from wolf form to human, though the relationship didn't appear to extend beyond that. Then Varek was walking slowly across a street, facing two figures that were painfully familiar – the boy and Caleb's own mother. Time slowed as Caleb became aware of a beeping sound that was drawing him out of the vision, and he clung to it with his consciousness, not wanting to see what Varek did to his mother. However, he saw enough to know that the hand that gunned down his mother was his own… Caleb's eyes opened with a jolt. At first, all he saw was white, but gradually his vision cleared and he saw he was in a hospital room. More specifically, lying in the hospital bed with something attached to and dripping into his arm via IV. The sun shone through the curtains, partially blinding him, and he realized the sheets he lay on were soaked with sweat. \"Oh…you're awake.\" Caleb turned his head to the right, thankfully away from the window, to see Rachel sitting in the chair next to him. She wasn't looking at him, and while she looked more put together than she had…however long ago it had been in the warehouse, her face was still drawn tight. Guilt hit him like a hammer when he realized that he – as Varek – was the cause. \"Rachel…\" he attempted to speak. It came out as a whisper, though days of living on-edge had sharpened her senses and she still heard him. That didn't mean she wanted to talk. \"You've been here about two days. Tim convinced me to bring you here. You were painting the house on the second story when a sudden gust of wind knocked you off balance and you fell onto a glass-topped patio table.\" The man in the bed blinked. That wasn't what he remembered. \"The warehouse…\" he breathed. She shook her head. \"You fell onto a patio table. That's what I told the nurse.\" \"Oh.\" He understood perfectly why Rachel avoiding looking in his direction, and it hurt. \"Where's…\" What was his name? \"Tim?\" \"Sleeping in another room. He charmed one of the nurses so much and he was so tired and worried about you that she took pity on him.\" At that moment, a middle-aged nurse bustled in, clutching a clipboard and looking important. She put on a bright smile when she saw that the patient was awake. \"You're up! Good!\" she declared, coming over and laying her hand on his forehead. \"Feels like you're fever's broken, here say ah…\" She stuck a thermometer in his mouth when he obediently opened it. It was at this time Caleb realized he was wearing only a hospital gown with the sheets on the bed pulled up to his waist. And if he had been unconscious for the past two days, it was probably this nurse who had put him in it. And bathed him and…awkward. The thermometer beeped, and the nurse took it back, nodding approvingly. \"Very good,\" she said, before turning to Rachel. \"We got his blood work back from the lab, and while he doesn't have any lingering infection, there was a trace of something unusual, like he's had a blood transfusion.\" \"Oh?\" Rachel remarked, her face schooled against giving anything away. How it pained Caleb to know that he was why she had had to learn such deception! The nurse nodded. \"It looks as if his body is rejecting a blood transfusion, which would cause the fever. I'll have to talk to the doctor, but it looks like he's improving. Your husband is very strong.\" She then bustled out, continuing on her rounds. Without the nurse, silence fell between Caleb and his wife. \"Thank you,\" he finally rasped out. Wordlessly, Rachel held out a cup of water. When she realized Caleb could get his hand to it but couldn't hold it, she helped him get the straw to his lips so he could drink, which he did gratefully. He felt much better when he finished and she put the cup back on the stand next to the bed. \"You know what she was talking about, don't you?\" she finally murmured, still not looking at him. \"The blood transfusion your body is rejecting?\" He thought. \"Skinwalker blood,\" he realized. Then he realized something else. \"Rachel, I'm sorry I didn't tell you before…\" he trailed off when he saw her shaking her head. \"You didn't tell me, Jonas didn't tell me, no one did. Not until…all this happened. And it's not over yet.\" He was confused. \"But…the boy…\" Rachel glared at him, the first time she'd looked his direction since he'd woken up. \"Yes, the boy,\" she snapped. She was tired – she only snapped when she was tired, he knew. \" Your son. Our son. For his thirteenth birthday his blood became the cure for Skinwalkers.\" \"How…?\" \"We ran into one yesterday, outside the motel we're staying at. Luckily it was daylight when he attacked. And Tim…he seemed to just know. He stood his ground, and as soon as he was bitten…it was over.\" Caleb was thoughtful for a few moments. \"Well if his experience is anything like mine, he'll know what Hell is.\" Rachel didn't know what to say to that, so she didn't say anything. Instead, she stood and headed for the door. \"I'll get Tim,\" she said. \"He'll want to know you're awake.\" Caleb stayed in the hospital for two more days, so the doctors could be sure he was all the way recovered, although his rapid healing had them scratching their heads. The only thing I'll miss about being a werewolf , he thought to himself sourly as Rachel helped him to a taxi outside the hospital. Now I actually have to suffer when I get hurt . Rachel and Tim had been staying in a ratty motel room for the past few days, which was where Caleb came with them. It was small and cramped, and looked as if only one of the beds had been slept in. They've been through so much , he thought as he looked around, all they had was each other . He didn't ask, but somehow he knew that the rest of his family was dead. And from the way Rachel looked at him – when she thought he didn't notice – he knew it was his fault. It was Tim who started conversations between them, and it was his idea that they keep moving and find other Skinwalkers to cure them. It was dangerous for them to stay in one place, but at the same time they needed to make known their whereabouts. Caleb was proud of the way his son thought and acted, though he was pained when he thought about how he had had almost no hand in raising the boy – Jonas, his mother, and others had done that. And now they were gone. Rachel was terrified of him. She acted brave, but he saw it in the cool manner with which she regarded him, in the way she wouldn't look into his eyes, and how she slept between him and Timothy. She would share a bed with the boy, her back turned to Caleb as they slept. How vile he must have been! Such thoughts whirled in Caleb's head as he sat on the balcony of one motel room late one night, just looking at the half moon and thinking while Rachel and Tim watched TV. The kid stuck to the news and weather, knowing it was the only thing his mom could handle. The shows his peers watched were too violent, the rest was too… normal . The glass door slid back, the sound startling Caleb out of his thoughts. He looked back to see Tim, who sat next to him and held out a book. \"Look, Dad! There are two books about me!\" he said, handing the book over and smiling. Caleb realized the volume was a Bible, the kind that was in all the hotel room drawers. Tim had opened to the table of contents and was pointing to the New Testament. \"See? I flipped to them earlier, but I couldn't really understand what was there. It's still cool though!\" Caleb smiled. \"Sure is. How's your mom?\" Tim's face fell, and he too turned to gaze at the moon. \"She's…been through a lot,\" he said. \"I'm sorry.\" The thirteen-year-old looked at his father. \"It's not your fault, you know,\" he said quietly. \"I know Mom blames you, but I don't. It wasn't really you doing all that, it was…we saw it with Kat…it was just something else.\" Caleb nodded thoughtfully. \"I just wish I could make things right.\" \"Well,\" Tim said, punching him in the arm. \"She hasn't kicked you out yet. That counts for something.\" His dad affectionately tousled his hair, which led to a father-son wrestling match. Caleb was just letting Tim get the upper hand when a sharp pounding on the door startled both of them. They ran inside, Caleb grabbing a 9-mm loaded with bullets tipped with Tim's blood as he approached the door, standing in front of Rachel – who also had a gun – and Timothy. Making sure the door was chained shut, Caleb braced himself against it and turned the handle slowly. \"I'm here…to be cured.\" The timid voice came from the other side of the door. It was a woman's voice. Caleb turned to Rachel, who nodded. He returned the motion, closing the door to unchain it before opening yet again. A gunshot sounded, causing the three of them to drop instinctively, Tim rolling behind a bed. A tall, middle-aged woman with heavy, dark makeup barged into the room, holding a smoking semiautomatic and letting three hulking men, who also held weapons, follow her into the suddenly cramped room. Rachel, as soon as she was on her feet, cocked her .45-caliber and leveled it at the woman, freezing as she looked down the barrels of the four weapons pointed at her. \"Where's the boy?\" The intruding woman demanded, glancing around the room. She noticed Caleb and her eyebrows went up. \"Varek,\" she said coldly, \"So strange to see you here.\" Caleb froze. If he raised his weapon, Rachel was a goner. \"Liza,\" he growled menacingly, \"Get out.\" She smiled at him, amused. \"Oh, Varek,\" she said. \"A pity you joined with them. You were once the best commander I had.\" \"Get. Out.\" The men who'd followed Liza all looked at him. \"Varek?\" One of them asked incredulously. \"That's not him,\" the second snorted. \"He smells like a human. Definitely not one of us,\" the third agreed. \"Shut up!\" Liza roared. Then she turned back to Caleb. \"Where is he, Varek?\" she cooed. \"Where is your son? Don't move!\" she warned as he took a step forward. \"If you move, she dies.\" Rachel's nostrils flared. With a shout, she shot at Liza, dropping to the floor in the same motion. While her marksmanship had improved, the movement threw her aim off and instead the bullet lodged in the arm of one of Liza's back-up men. He cried out and returned fire, along with his comrades, and the balcony door shattered. In the same instant, Caleb had raised his 9-mm and fired at Liza, who went down with an angry screech. By then Tim had left his hiding place and was also leveling a gun at the intruders. \"Don't, Tim!\" Caleb roared, leaping in front of Rachel and continuing to fire on the invading skinwalkers. A bullet grazed his arm, but he didn't feel it. Instead he drew another handgun from a holster at his hip and leveled it to fire at those who had threatened his family. \"Stop!\" The cry came from Liza. The room went eerily silent as everyone looked at her, though Rachel, Tim, and Caleb still had weapons aimed at the skinwalkers. No one dared to breathe. \"Get out, Liza,\" Caleb finally growled again. She looked at him, the fierceness leaving her eyes as she did so. Tim's blood was working from the bullet lodged in her hip. From the sound of it, the other injured skinwalker had undergone a similar experience. A snap drew Caleb's attention, and he saw the two uninjured werewolves drawing more weapons. Acting swiftly, he shot them both, instantly killing them. He turned back to Liza. \"Don't. Threaten. My family. Ever. Again.\" Her eyes were wide as she nodded, though he realized she probably didn't remember a thing. However, she would in a few days, and that was enough for him. Taking a deep breath, he turned back to his wife and son. \"Come on,\" he said. \"We're getting out of here.\" They took a late-night bus into the next town, Tim falling asleep on the way. Caleb envied him, and at the same time regretted that the boy had learned how to block bloodshed from his dreams. Rachel sat with her son's head on his shoulder, not showing any of her emotions except the whiteness of her knuckles where she clenched her fists in her lap. Caleb tentatively wrapped an arm around her shoulders, getting Tim as well and gently shushing her when she stiffened. \"Sleep,\" he murmured. \"You need it.\" She nodded and tried to relax, though she didn't sleep. When the bus stopped, Caleb carried a still-sleeping Tim piggyback as he followed Rachel to another motel. This one was a bit nicer than the others they'd stayed at, and more expensive, but it was safer. The room was divided so that there were two separate bedrooms; Caleb gently lowered Tim into a bed and closed the door, rejoining Rachel in the main room. \"Amazing he can sleep through all that,\" he said, trying to make conversation. Rachel nodded. \"He's always been amazing.\" \"He gets that from you.\" She looked up at this remark, a slight blush spreading across her cheeks. Her heart ached as she gazed at him; it always had. She had been in love with this man once, and loved him still. Why couldn't she trust him? Caleb decided he was going to have to make the first move if things were ever going to be mended between them. \"Rachel,\" he said, shrugging out of his jacket, \"I want to –\" \"You're hurt,\" she interrupted, seeing the blood on his shirt. \"Your arm.\" He looked down. \"Oh. Thanks.\" She retrieved the medical supplies they traveled with, coming to stand next to him as he sat on the bed. He'd removed his shirt and held out his arm as she tended to the wound. \"Thank you,\" she finally said. \"For helping us. For saving us.\" He looked at her seriously. \"Rachel,\" he said. \"I love you. Both of you. You and Tim saved me …from Varek.\" She nodded, tears threatening at the corners of her eyes. Finished bandaging his arm, she turned to go into Tim's room. Caleb caught her arm. \"Please,\" he said softly. \"I know…I can't make it right. But I want the chance to be your husband again. If you'll let me.\" He spilled to his knees before her. Rachel's eyes widened. He still held her hand, and she felt him press his lips to her fingers before looking up at her again. She nearly melted as he looked at her, such burning desire in his eyes, and such pain. He regretted everything he'd done as Varek, even though he hadn't been aware of his actions at the time. \"Caleb…\" she whispered. \"I…\" Then she burst into tears. Caleb stood, putting his arms around her and drawing her close. She sobbed into his chest, memories flooding her mind as she cried. She saw him standing next to Jonas at their wedding, remembering how Caleb's family had disapproved of their marriage but gone along with it when they found she was pregnant with his child. Their house had been so small, but it was just big enough for three. Caleb even smelled the same now as he had then, which made her cry all the harder. He sat on the hotel room bed and cradled her in his arms, rocking her back and forth and occasionally kissing her hair or forehead. How he loved her! He didn't deserve Rachel, he knew it, not after what she'd gone through. And yet she had allowed him to stay with her and their son. It had been so long since he'd held her in his arms, and she fit perfectly. \"Caleb,\" she finally breathed as her sobs quieted, \"I love you. I'm so sorry…\" \"Shh…\" he nuzzled her nose with his. \"I love you, too. Now you should sleep.\" She nodded, not protesting when he maneuvered them under the blankets. He lay down with her and tucked his arms around her, holding her close. \"We'll make it,\" he whispered to her as she drifted to sleep. \"We can make it.\" Tim woke late the next morning, which was strange. Frowning at the clock next to his bed, he sat up and looked around, grinning to himself when he realized his mom hadn't joined him like she usually did. Had his faking sleep on the bus and hotel actually worked? He got out of bed and tiptoed to the door to his room, easing it open and peeking into the main room. There were his parents, curled together and fully clothed under the blankets of their bed. It made him happy to see them together, even though it was kind of weird. But he was a thirteen-year-old and knew what adults did in bed, and made a mental note to – if he ever had his own room again – knock before finding his mom and dad. ","Summary":" The First Few Days \"Dad? Dad?\" Caleb blinked, through the fog of pain clouding his mind. Where wa"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Morning Breaks","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6031857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: An earlier fic. Morning Breaks Night was swiftly dying. Dim sunlight chased it away, fading it to gray. Still, the she-wolf ran through the trees. Her long, slender legs never faltering as she evaded him. Her body bare as light fur receded into her skin. She glanced at him over her shoulder, beckoning him, her eyes glowing with the chase, seeming to laugh at him as she continued to elude his grasp. The female skinwalker was snarling in what could only be amusement. The male skinwalker simply grinned, his lips revealing sharp canines. He was more than eager to rise to the female's challenge, his own bare feet silent on the damp ground. His body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat, but like his quarry, he showed no signs of fatigue. She glanced back at him again, laughing. The sound came out deep and rumbling like a growl. He grinned wider and surged ahead, just a few feet behind her. She leapt over a fallen tree trunk and hit the ground running, laughing more. He lunged over the trunk and wrapped his arms around her, bringing her to the ground with him. She let out a playful yelp, but it sounded more like a girlish scream. He pinned her on her back. His grin was smug now; he had every right to gloat. \"Claim your prize,\" the she-wolf whispered. Her voice was still husky. This time it wasn't from the moon's sway but his own, filling him with more pride. The female laid there with fully human, half-lidded eyes, panting softly and damp with sweat and dew. She was his, and she laid there for him. Everything about her appearance though was like that of a huntress, content to lie there for her mate but only because she wished to; not because he had the right. That was probably how she felt. It made the male want her all the more. \"Gladly,\" he murmured. He leaned down to begin his claim, his lips brushing against hers. He groaned at her taste; she tasted like wilderness and freedom. His tongue slipped between her lips to taste her more, but his senses were dulling with the fading night. He felt her arms and legs wrap around him. The male hissed abruptly, as if in pain. He could feel the heat of the sun on his skin. The night was gone. Caleb woke with a groan. His eyes blinked, sunlight shining on his face. He could feel the familiar warmth of his wife's body heat, felt the weight of her beside him. His gaze finally focused, shifting to his wife's face, her features so similar and yet so different from those of the she-wolf in his dreams. Caleb turned his face away from her and stared out the window at the brightening dawn. His other half was gone. But night would bring him back. Caleb couldn't make daylight last forever, and Varek was as absolute as the full moon. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Pinocchio","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Jan '05/July '05 script canon. Pinocchio Tears of blood trailed down the lifeless faces hanging from the ceiling. The macabre sight was almost like a fantastical freak show; life-size, S&M; marionette puppets hanging limp after the play. It almost saddened him. But long ago he had left behind such an emotion. He had traded his sadness, his self-hatred, his despair, his bitterness. He became a real boy. He broke free of his bonds; he cut his own strings. This fate would never haunt him again. If only they could see. If only they would open their wooden eyes and see the length of their lives; their lies. If only they would stop waiting for magic from an outside source, waiting for the special boy to make them real. Life was just one bite away on a full moon. No need to even bother wishing on that bright sphere or the millions of stars scattered around it. Being real was so close. Strings were easy to break with the strength of a real being; easier still to cut with claws. He pitied them. He had seen this show before; a tragedy that repeated three nights a month. He pitied them less with each viewing. The show was losing its charm; it didn't tug at his heartstrings quite as much anymore. The saddest part of the story was so easy to see, and yet they never realized it no matter how many times their played out their self-induced calamity. The show did not have to go on. He could not muster much compassion when they could easily cut their strings, escape their wooden shells; it was so easy to be real. Be free. This night had been the last show for these puppets. Their tragic ending came for the last time; more cruel and convincing than ever before. They took their final bows. Their curtains closed for good. The puppets no longer amused the real boys and girls. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Skinwalker","Author":"Matthias411","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7662154","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Skin Walkers Chapter 1: The Walkers Origin One thousand years ago great mystic beings roamed the Earth, before the English landed in here in 1742. Before the pale skins arrived. These beings were unstoppable forces of nature able to shift there body structure in to anything they wanted. Able to take on the body structure of any animal, and gain there attributes. Able to live for eternity in there immortal forms like gods trapped in a cage. They were called Skin walkers. Usually born leaders of there tribes, sometimes just trekking the world. Most skin walkers were peaceful, and passive able to control themselves, but some skin walkers turn evil craving power bent on destruction and domination. Even the most serene, tranquil skin walkers can turn in a seconds notice, just lashing out in a perilous rage. Though no skin walker has ever turned like the once great Nixxcamich, Nixxcamich was a great leader of her people until she slowly, but surely went mad with power she became an unstoppable tyrant. She even changed her name to Tsalgis which meant great evil. She conquered many of her sister tribes, and destroying any trespassers that came upon her land. She struck fear in her enemies with her most preferred form while skin walking, she shifted into a giant eight legged bone crushing venom spewing spider, her name made the skin of everyone who knew of her crawl. She was never challenged, no one ever fought back knowing they would be defeated, not even skin walkers since they knew she was immortal. One day a great skin walker from the Eastern Woodlands journeyed all the way to the southwest coast to stop Tsalgis evil reign. His name was Cheveyoe this meant great sprit warrior, he was brave cunning, his sprit was strong, and his strength triumphed over his phoes. Cheveyoe soon confronted her. \" Tsalgis I challenge you, a battle to the death, your wicked reign will soon come to an end, as will you!\" his voiced echoed like thunder. Tsalgis said nothing. She assumed her giant spider form, and great Cheveyoe assumed his most threatening form, a giant grizzly. Cheveyoe, and Tsalgis battled for days on end, the fight never came to a halt each of there wounds healing right after there blows were delivered, they wouldn't, grown tired they wouldn't die, they couldn't. Finally Cheveyoe called a truce until further notice. There battle field in the middle of great woodlands were ravaged causing me more damage then a cyclone. Cheveyoe knew he couldn't kill Tsalgis, but he knew she couldn't kill him. So when all hope was lost Cheveyoe went to the oracle of his tribe. He asked the old battered woman. \"What should I do, how do I defeat something of immortality, how to kill a god?\" He asked frustrated. \" I am not the answer great warrior your answer lies with the origin of your kind, your creator ,with in the mind of the great shaman. You will find him residing on the top of the tallest mountain in the northern cold lands. You must go before it is to late.\" \"Thank you elder.\" He said as he left. Cheveyoe journeyed a far way to the cold lands. He covered hundreds of miles everyday, knowing time was of the essence. He finally reached the base of the great mountain. When he reached the highest peak of the mountain. He found a cave in which the shaman resided. A small fire lit the small den. \"I've been expecting you Cheveyoe.\" Said the old man \"I seek your wisdom shaman.\" \"Yes, yes I know of your question, and the answer is very simple you must find Tsalgis, and say to her Tsalgis you are skin walker. This will turn her mortal, making her vulnerable to death, but make sure to say it when she is in her human form because once you say this she will be trapped in what ever form she is in when the spell I cast.\" Exclaimed the shaman. \"Thank you kindly master.\" \"Though as you know no skin walker can kill a skin walker. That means only a mortal can resite the spell.\" And before Cheveyoe could utter another word the shaman had disappeared, and the fire extinguished. Cheveyoe got back to the tribe, but told no one of what he was told fearing someone would tell Tsalgis of the news. Being as he couldn't tell even his most trustworthy allies he couldn't tell a mortal the spell to turn, Tsalgis mortal, and no one was brave enough for the task. Cheveyoe then made the ultimate sacrifice; he had his tribe member turn him mortal. Then he again requested a meeting with Tsalgis. At the meeting Cheveyoe began \"I told you Tsalgis the end of you was near, and now it is you sniveling tyrant! TSALGIS YOU ARE SKIN WALKER!\" he yelled, but she was so insulted by his first remark she tried to shift, and strike, the it went wrong. Since the spell was recited in her mid shift she was stuck in a hideous form, the abdomen of a spider, and the torso of a human. She wasn't mortal she was an abomination but she wasn't as strong as she once was, hen Cheveyoe took action along with the other mortal warriors of his small army they captured, Tsalgis. Then Tsalgis said the first words she had spoken in a longtime. \"Please kill me don't let me live like this.\" She pleaded. \"Death is not a worthy punishment for you, that would be to much of an easy way out. You will be imprisoned, having to live with you, and your revolting self for the rest of eternity, that is the only punishment you are worthy of.\" Said Cheveyoe, and his orders were carried out , and Tsalgis was imprisoned in a great canyon, behind a large door only moveable by 300 men. Giant totem poles were set on either side of the door to serve as a warning for man. Tsalgis was left in her eternal tomb yet never uncovered by man. \"The end.\" \"That was a cool story grandpa can, you tell me one more, just one please.\" Pleaded a young boy trying to use his gentle face to persuade his grandfather. \"I am sorry Cheveyoe, but its time for you to sleep.\" He said as he ran his fingers through his young grandsons hair. \"But I can sleep anytime I want.\" \"Cheveyoe please don argue now close your eyes, and say goodnight.\" The grandfather said as he switched of the lamp, he walked across the room, and almost closed the door until Cheveyoe spat out. \"Are they real?\" he asked \"Is what real?\" \"Your stories grandfather about the people turning into animals, and the shamans, and stuff.\" \"What do you think.\" He asked. \"It cant be real things like that just don't exist.\" \"Says who?\" the grandfather asked \"I don't know it just doesn't. Does it?\" \"It doesn't matter what I think, it only matters what you think.\" \"Why?\" he asked again \"Cheveyoe you ask many questions that will one day be answered, but for now go to bed, goodnight I love you young one, may you dream good dreams, and sleep well.\" \"Goodnight grandfather.\" The old man close the door gingerly, and left to the downstairs. Still a thought lingered in the back of the young boys mind \" What did grandpa mean that someday my questions would be answered? Why cant he just answer me now? Why are old people so stubborn? What if Tsalgis were real?\" The thought of the hideous half human, half spider horrified him. Cheveyoe leaned over, and slid open his bedside drawer he pulled out a small dream catcher, then he placed it on the headboard, something about the relic made him feel safe. He glared out the window parallel to his bed, he watched the moon hang high in the sky encircled by stars, and the howl of a lone wolf off in the distance. Cheveyoes grandfather trudged down the stairs his bones aching with every step, his old joints popping with every movement. He turned into his kitchen, to see his wife standing above the counter. She was a sweet pudgy women, and had no native American blood in her at all unlike grandfather. \"I'm getting to old for this.\" He said. \"You're never going to get to old for this Doug. You don't have any time to get older.\" Teresa chuckled. He moaned \"Yes I know money is scarce, and times are hard.\" \"Yes, but will survive now do you want some tea?\" \"Yes please, and will you please put a couple spoons of sugar in there for me.\" She walked over to the dining table Douglas was sitting at and set the cup of tea in front of him gingerly. \"Well I'm going to turn in hun, goodnight, and I'll see you in the morning, and you should come to bed soon too, you have to work in the morning you know.\" She said. \" I hate Kentucky.\" He rasped under his breath. \"ok goodnight I will see you in the morning as well.\" He continued as he walked into his living room, he sat in his green recliner, and flipped on the TV, and flipped off the light. Doug was starting to feel tired the darkness engulfing him, into a peaceful serene slumber. A gentle breeze blew through a large plain field making the long grass sway, the sun's light shimmering off the golden prairie like gold. There was a single man standing in the endless golden field, his long black hair stirred in the wind the mans tan body bulged with bulk, and muscles, his face was solitary. Suddenly another man appeared in the field, this man was different he wore a giant feathered headpiece, and Indian tribal clothing, multi colored beads stranded upon his vest, his deerskin pants also decorated with feathers. Both men stood in the field staring at each other. There eyes locked unable to overt from each other. It was silent until the men in the feathered head piece spoke. \" Ten years….Ten years Kota, or should I say the name you hide behind to protect yourself, Douglas, Brother skin walker evil will once again rise, The eternal tomb will be opened, by the white man. Tsalgis will be released, and hell will rise to the earth. She must be stopped; you gave up your abilities to give your wife a normal life. So it is now your grandsons' destiny, you must train him to do what you no longer can. You have ten years. Now go!\" Douglas tried to talk, but couldn't utter a single word. He then woke up with a jolt. Still in the recliner with the TV on he was drenched in sweat. He couldn't believe what happen. He jumped out the chair, and ran up the stair he barged into Cheveyoes room. It calmed him to see his grandson lying in the bed peacefully. He was worried his only grandson would soon be in grave danger; Cheveyoe just inherited a destiny that wasn't his. Chapter 2: 10 years later The blazing sun hung high in the sky, over the huge Grand Canyon; it sent its searing rays beating down upon two very unfortunate kayakers paddling along the lengthy murky river. Strong white water rapids took them down the swift flowing waterway, surrounded by huge red stone canyon walls. \"We just had to go kayaking didn't we Jeff.\" Said a miserable beautiful blond Casey as she spit out some water that landed in her mouth struggling not to capsize her small craft. \"You use to love kayaking!\" Jeff shouted over the roar of the rapids. \"When is this gonna be over?\" she asked reluctantly \"Babe we only got like four more miles to go, but we can take a break at the next river bank we see, because I really gotta pee.\" Jeff, and Casey found a place to rest about thirty minutes from where there car was parked at the pull out point. They landed on a red sandy river bank with a tall arch elevated behind them it was a very interesting sight to see. Jeff ran the nose of his kayak straight into the bank, and slipped out, Casey was having more difficulty, she tried to climb out of her vessel and splashed into the water, she came up for air gasping for air. Jeff rushed over, and pulled her up on her feet. \"You all right babe?\" he asked concerned. \"Yeah I'm just tired, and wet, and hungry. When can we hurry up, and leave?\" \"Well you said you wanted to take a break.\" \"I know, but I want to just get out off here, its hot as hell.\" She complained as she wiped some sweat from her brow. \"Ok we will leave in a minute let me piss real quick.\" He said as he started to walk under the huge red stone arch. \"Will you hurry though the sooner we get out of here the better, I'm so dirty, and grimy I just want to go to the hotel, and take a shower.\" Jeff walked behind the arch with his back to his whining wife. \"Oh my god.\" He said just in Casey's earshot \"What's wrong? What did you do?\" \"Come look at this, it's amazing.\" \"Jeff, I've already seen it, and it is not that amazing.\" She exclaimed chuckling at her own joke. \"Ha your so hilarious, and I'm serious come see this.\" Casey walked over by where he stood. Jeff pointed straight in front of him. Casey gasped. She stared straight up at two giant totem poles, with fierce looking animals carved in the giant wood stacked on each other on either side off a hefty boulder. \"What, what is it.\" she asked staring in bewilderment \"How in the hell would I know.\" he asked rhetorically. Jeff started walking to the kayaks. \"Come on Casey we need to report this to the park ranger, I don't think they know about this. It's not on the map, or the guide. Come on babe hustle up.\" Said Jeff as he slipped on his helmet, and slid back in his kayak. Casey did the same. They both pushed off the bank with there paddles, and propelled them selves down the river, to tell of there encounter. The morning sun shafts shining through the curtains, and the birds chiming a morning song set a serene scene, that was soon interrupted \" BEEP, BEEP, BEEP !\" The ring of an aggravating alarm clock echoed throughout a small room and a reluctant teenager refused to get out of his bed. A hand came out from under the covers knocking objects off a bedside table feeling for the snooze button. The effort resulted in failure. The teenager being annoyed grabbed the clock, reared back yanking the cord out of the wall, and threw it making a lot of noise. Then his grandfathers rang from outside the door \"Cheveyoe what are you doing up there, will you hurry up, and bring your butt down here before your late to school.\" Cheveyoe turned, and sat himself upright on his bed, rubbing gunk from eyes. He walked over to his closet, and pulled out a decent outfit just a Brown Levis shirt with red letters, and a pair of blue ran out of hid room down the rickety stairs stumbling almost falling, but he caught himself. He stopped to look at himself in the mirror, he was a handsome young man, and he was born gorgeous his face was sedate his lips pink, and moist. His eyes are what stuck out the most; they were a bright tinted green almost yellow seemingly. He turned the corner into his houses small kitchen he sat in the wooden chair. \"What's for breakfast grandma?\" he asked the old women hanging over the stove. \"You're favorite Cheveyoe fried eggs, and bologna.\" She said a she set the sandwich down in front of him. \"Good because I'm starving.\" \"Your always hungry. You will eat us out of house if you keep gulping down my food the way you do.\" Chuckled his grandfather has he entered the kitchen. \"Cheveyoe you'd better hurry or your going to miss the bus.\" \"Ok grandma\" he exclaimed as he started to run out of the front door \"See you guys after school.\" He rushed out slamming the door behind him, the walk to the bus stop wasn't far, since he lived in the suburbs. He walked down the cracked sidewalk admiring the beautiful morning, taking in deep breaths of the fresh air. Cheveyoe noticed something out of the corner of his eye, he turned to look, but nothing was there, he turned around . He hopped on walking down the long narrow isle looking among the rows of seats looking for an empty one. \"Yo, hey man Chevy over here.\" Said a familiar voice \"Oh hey Reggie, what's up?\" he asked walking over to sit next to his best friend. Reggie, and Cheveyoe have known each other since first grade when Reggie got in a fight with a local play ground bully that was at least twice there size, and age Reggie being a little mischievous boy tried to tell the bully he didn't own the playground, Reggie was loosing the fight badly so Cheveyoe stepped in trying to help Reggie. Needless to say both boys ended up in the hospital with minor concussions. They have been best friends ever since. \" Nothing much Chevy.\" \" ","Summary":" Skin Walkers Chapter 1: The Walkers Origin One thousand years ago great mystic beings roamed the Ea"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Peace","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6031863","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Peace He had known from the very beginning that he would never know peace. The moment he learned what he was, what he could become, he had known. Even with the prophecy. Even with his brother's successful attempt to bring the prophecy about during their time. Even as the Alpha protecting their kind's hope. He had always known. And he had accepted that fate. The moment he looked into that little boy's eyes and saw the one he considered his son, saw the eyes of the woman he'd secretly loved, saw the eyes of his brother once good and pure, saw the desperation of his own soul and the suffering his kind endured, saw the hope this night had brought everyone, saw the victims who had died for this night - he saw his legacy. Nobody would ever know. Nobody would ever know what he had sacrificed. It didn't matter. He had always known, from the very beginning, he would never know freedom. But he knew peace the moment he let go to save the child his kind called hope and the boy he called son. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Silver Bullet","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6229767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Early Embracers fic, written while sleep-deprived. Partly inspired by the song, \"Silver Bullet\" (acoustic version) by Hawthorne Heights. Also, written with the theory that Naturalists could change at will, so perhaps slightly AU. Silver Bullet It always was curious to the she-wolf, his favorite nickname for her. It had amused Zo the first time he'd heard it - but a glare had shut him up. After that he never called her by her nickname if the others were in earshot. The nickname that was strangely endearing while making her worried and annoyed at the same time. Part compliment, part insult. But then, that was their way, wasn't it? Push and pull, pleasure and pain, love and loathing. \"Come,\" he whispered in her ear, tugging her deeper into the woods and away from Zo and Grenier. He let go once she obeyed, knowing she would follow him to the ends of the earth. Though she might protest all the way. The full moon was high and bright and lit up the way. The swaying branches and shaking leaves cast dancing shadows on the ground as the breeze picked up. It was cool and crisp; she wondered if his wolf felt as childishly frisky as she did. They were deep in the woods now. He glanced over his shoulder with glowing eyes. He smirked faintly. \"Keep up, my silver bullet. I know you can,\" he teased. She leapt over a tree trunk to land right behind him. Her irritation written all over her face, but the closeness of them got to her. She softened. That was when he started moving again. Obediently, the she-wolf followed her mate deep into the wood. Affectionately, the male teased his mate now and then. Their feet were silent on the ground, their clothes discarded at some point so their skin could bask in the cool air and silver light; it was as sweet as a cleansing bath. The skinwalkers were soon running, their skin covered in thick, beautiful pelts. She nipped at his heels, and he snapped back. Play became something more intense, pleasure spreading through them. Fur gave way to skin once more, adrenaline faded into afterglow. \"Sleep,\" he seemed to command, and she laid her head against his chest. He nuzzled the top of her head and kissed her hair. His fingers stroked the skin of her back. She kissed his left breast, right where his heartbeat could be heard. He sighed silently, his mouth against her hair. \"Shot through the heart with a silver bullet,\" he murmured. He didn't seem to mind. And she didn't feel so annoyed. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Faith","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5965003","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Movie canon with script dialogue/influences. One of my earliest Skinwalkers stories. Faith Dawn had come. The sun was rising swiftly, and time was running out. Still, the two alphas lingered a few moments longer. The previous afternoon and night had been rough, with nothing to show for their efforts - save for half-full bellies. Sonja lay quiet and motionless on the ground. Varek remained in a kneeling position, hovering over her and watching the sky brighten. \"Did you know her?\" Varek looked down at his (chosen) alpha female. Normally he would take the time to admire her - sexually sated, covered in a fine sheen of sweat and dew, her entire body exposed for his (viewing) pleasure. It did nothing for him now, he hadn't the time to admire her, and that angered him. He lived in a world where he could do whatever, whenever, wherever he wanted. He didn't like limitations, restrictions, time constraints. \"No.\" Sonja's expression remained the same; calm and blank. Her eyes flashed with hurt; she didn't believe him. Sonja wasn't used to being lied to. Not by Varek. \"You did.\" Varek stared straight into Sonja's eyes. He shook his head slowly, deliberately. \"She was a Humanist who had been led astray and was badly wounded. I pitied her, and I felt regret over having to put her down.\" The alpha male leaned over. His fingers brushed loose strands of Sonja's hair away from her face and plucked a few leaves from her hair. The tiniest hint of a smile tugged at the corners of his lips. Varek had always liked the way Sonja looked when pieces of nature clung to her skin or were tangled in her hair. \"This is a trying time for all of us. Don't worry about things in the past. Stay focused on the mission. We all have to.\" Sonja nodded. A tiny smile curved her lips as well, a bit more pronounced than Varek's had been. Her eyes were (still hurt) haunted though. \"We're running out of time. I know we should be up and getting ready to track them down, yet all I want to do is lie here and at least enjoy the last bit of time we have.\" At her words Varek was the one looking haunted. \"Don't say that, Sonja. Don't. Don't give up on me. I need you . Now. More than ever. We will find him again, and when we do, we'll kill him. Then it will be all over - the war, the fighting, the fear of losing our lives, all of it. Then we'll truly be free.\" \"I'm scared, Varek. I'm not supposed to be scared.\" Varek swallowed. He pulled Sonja up and to his body. His arms held her tightly, his nose buried itself in her hair. The skinwalker breathed his mate's scent in, trying to comfort himself and soothe his own fears before attempting to do the same for Sonja. \"There's nothing to fear, Sonja. We will find him.\" \"Couldn't we get back-up, one of the other packs?\" \"The other packs have been notified. But they're miles away, and without a clue of what the child and his protectors look like. That doesn't matter though. We have each other - it ends with us.\" Sonja nodded, her face pressed to the crook of his neck. \"One way or another.\" Varek closed his eyes, breathed her in, held her tighter. \"We will find them.\" Even if it is Jonas' pack, even if it is my family. I won't fail us, Sonja. Please don't stop believing that. I need you to believe that. I need you to believe in me. I need you with me. \"Whatever it takes. The alternative is unthinkable.\" Sonja pulled away. Eyes still haunted; for a moment Varek was certain his words had done nothing to comfort her. Then the left corner of her mouth turned upwards slightly. \"I thought back in the cabin you said there was no alternative.\" Varek's lips curved, this time bearing still sharp canines. That's my girl. \"You're right. There is no alternative.\" \"Then we better get up,\" Sonja murmured. The female skinwalker leaned in, kissing Varek hungrily for several moments. \"And make sure Zo and Grenier didn't fall asleep.\" Varek's smile became an amused smirk. He remembered the last time Sonja had woken the boys up when they had slept in late. \"I doubt they even slept, all things considered. You know Zo loves to watch his fires.\" Sonja let out a soft snort while grabbing her clothes. Her lithe body moved fluidly, and Varek finally indulged in a brief pause to admire her form. \"Stop staring and get dressed, Caleb Varek,\" she all but barked at him, using his full name for the first time in probably a year. She flashed him a grin, flashing fangs at the same time. \"There will be plenty of time to stare when we're celebrating our victory.\" \"Who am I to disobey a lady?\" Varek quipped, slipping into his jeans. He ignored Sonja's unladylike gesture and put his vest on. Much of the tension in his body was gone, and his fears weren't quite as nagging. The lighter turn of their conversation had helped calm him down, get him focused. He knew it had done the same for Sonja. Varek also knew it wouldn't last long. Not until they had completed their mission would they truly be able to relax. Varek had to be calm; for his pack and for his mate. He couldn't let his thoughts about his family cloud his judgment. The alpha male forced himself to stop thinking about them completely. He couldn't go down that path, especially around Sonja. Just have faith in me, Sonja. So I can have faith in me. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Support","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6020092","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Support It was probably the most out of character action he'd ever done. It also was perhaps the most decent action he'd made since being bitten and having fed. Zo approached the tense alpha female with caution but no fear or tension. He made certain he did not walk too softly; he didn't want her getting the idea he wanted to surprise or startle her. As if he could. Sonja still snapped at him though – not that he'd expected differently – when she noticed what he was doing. \"Don't you fucking dare, Zo. Not now.\" Her eyes were still bloodshot though it was well past dawn. They were also glassy. The beta stopped in his tracks. While normally he would have been offended that she would think that of him - as if he was even in the mood to tease or taunt her - he remained calm. His expression was even a little soft. \"You know I wouldn't do that, Sonja. Not now. Not after all of this.\" Sonja looked doubtful for a moment. She sighed, tension fading just enough for her shoulders to relax, and turned away. \"I know. I just…\" \"I know.\" \"No, Zo. You don't know. You can't know!\" Zo did snap a little then. \"Do you think you're the only one fucked over here?\" he hissed. \"Do you think you're the only one who's been lied to, who has to now deal with doubting someone who's supposed to lead you through this? You think you're the only one who's going to miss Grenier when we're finally able to take the time to breathe, let alone mourn?\" Sonja flinched a little. She blinked a few times, probably trying to fight off tears. Zo immediately regretted lashing out at her. He hesitated, then reached over and laid a hand on her shoulder. For once she didn't pull away from his touch or give him a look of disdain. \"Look, we're all tense. More than ever now. I know you're taking all of this the hardest. That's why I'm here.\" Sonja swallowed and looked up at Zo. She looked incredibly lost all of a sudden. It was a hard sight for the beta to take. Sonja did not let him see her so vulnerable; he hadn't even been certain it was possible, she was so guarded around him. She watched him for a moment before glancing at his hand. Zo was about to pull it away when the alpha female whined softly and gave his hand a brief nuzzle. Zo kept his hand on her shoulder even after she stopped. \"Thank you. For backing me up last night.\" She paused. It looked like it was a difficult thing, but after a moment she added, \"For this.\" Zo smiled and leaned over. He lightly nuzzled her hair. \"You're welcome.\" Sonja managed a faint smile. Then she shoved him away with her shoulder. \"Now stop touching me and get back to watching for any sign of them coming back for the girl,\" she ordered in an almost irate voice. But there was still a faint curve to her lips. Zo smiled and for once obediently followed an order from her. Varek watched them from his perch yards away, but simply turned away. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Jericho Brick","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6029053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Script canon. Jericho Brick Her heart's in her eyes; she's so open these days. Varek still remembers the first time he looked into her eyes; all he saw were walls he wanted to break down. Maybe she could break down his as well. They could use the bricks to build a fortress for just the two of them. But his walls he found were higher and better built then hers. She can only take away one brick at a time; the walls are still standing strong, though not quite as tall. But in her eyes she's so tired; heartsick and never going to give up despite it. Varek isn't sure his heart is ever in his eyes. He just knows he wants to give it to her. Sonja isn't prepared when someone else pulls out a brick at the bottom; his walls toppled over, all around her. Neither of them are prepared when he rebuilds them with frightening ease. And he wants so badly to stop. His heart is never in his eyes. But there's hers. Shining in glassy eyes; red and puffy and it isn't the red moon's fault this time as her heart breaks in two. He knows it's that one brick he himself finally pulled out. He threw it; he never meant for it to hit her. No, no, never her. Not her. And now her walls are coming back. She's slower to rebuild, but he can see the walls slowly rising. This time she's using his bricks. Her walls won't come down so easily again. But he'll circle her every day, seven times if he has to; once he conquers the skeletons freed from behind his own. Seventy times seven if she doesn't fall; he won't give up. Heartsick and tired and he remembers that she was once too. He wonders if she can see his heart in his eyes now. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"The End","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6020067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: One of my first Skinwalkers stories. Purely movie canon. THE END He stumbled into the cage-like room, his dulled senses still able to pick up the scent of her and of blood. He stared at her motionless form and felt his gut clench. Something inside him, not yet fully dead, mourned her and howled its last breath. He had loved her. Now he pitied her. He hated the sight of her like this. Caleb turned, ready to walk back to where his family was waiting for him. He had said his goodbyes to Zo. To his brother; the one who deserved to be alive right now. He couldn't say goodbye to her. He didn't know how. A tiny whine came from behind him. Caleb turned to see greenish yellow eyes staring up at him, her lids only half open. He swallowed at the heartbreak on her dying face. Was it regret he felt now? A twisted form of guilt? Something deeper and filthier than whatever regret he felt over his own family. Whatever it was, it wasn't right, and he didn't like it. He didn't want it. Those eyes wouldn't let him escape it though, and he couldn't turn away from her. That feeling inside wouldn't let him. Sonja weakly lifted a clawed hand towards him. She grimaced and whimpered, simply from the effort of reaching for him. He couldn't leave her, not like this. Only a couple of steps taken, and he was crouched in front of her. He held her hand and let her fingers wrap around his palm. Caleb tried not to flinch when her claws scraped his skin. He was half afraid that he had opened himself up for an attack - she had to know he was no longer Varek, and Caleb remembered her temper. He could very easily be the object of her dying rage and sorrow. She didn't make a move to strike. She merely watched him. The she-wolf was studying him. Perhaps taking in the differences between Caleb and Varek. They both knew he wasn't the same person anymore. Her eyes were almost empty, and the lids were fluttering more. She was almost gone. \"I'm sorry,\" he whispered. His voice was dry; drained. It was the first time he'd spoken since the wolf inside him had died. He felt wrong for saying it to the female in front of him and not the woman waiting for him. He didn't feel regret though. He didn't feel any guilt over it. He owed this woman something. Varek had dragged her into this mess, thinking the whole time he was saving her. Her eyes closed completely once more. Her fingers loosened. \"Varek...\" \"Go to sleep, Sonja,\" Caleb whispered. He reached over. He stroked her hair. \"Go to sleep. I'll be with you when you wake.\" The she-wolf's hand dropped to the ground. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Broken Record","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5964953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Script canon, dialogue taken from the '05 drafts. Broken Record \" I need you.\" She keeps replaying those words. Over and over; like a broken record inside her head. She can't hear them enough; they don't even sink in fully. Every time her mind starts to comprehend them, they play again and she's back to awestruck. It was her most vulnerable moment. She never imagined it would be his as well. \" I need you.\" She replays those words again and again. Her comfort; she can't express how long she has wanted to hear those words - not yet, not until it's over. But nothing else has ever made her feel more complete. \" I need you. Now, more than ever.\" The implications behind every single word is almost too much for her to take in alongside her fear. The fear behind his eyes is almost enough to make her set aside her own. She could be his everything; if he asked her, told her, commanded her. She just has to hear him say it. She has to hear the words. \" How much do you love me?\" \" I need you. Now, more than ever.\" She's smiling to herself as they drive. It's a private smile; only the very corners of her lips are turned upwards, only slightly. She knows if he looks at her, he'll notice. He notices everything. Every little thing. \" This is your wildest dream come true. And I found it.\" \" Everything else burns.\" \" I need you.\" All those words keep replaying; over and over like a broken record. Echoing against her skull. The words she's always wanted to hear; words she still hasn't quite heard. There's always so much more to Varek's words. She has to hear between his breaths; like reading between his lines. \" I need you. Now, more than ever.\" \" How much do you love me?\" \" I need you.\" It's not quite the three words she's always been listening for, looking for, working so hard for. But maybe they mean more than the ones she's always wanted to hear. Maybe they mean so much more. \" More than ever.\" You can give up something you love. You can't give up something you need. And she tells herself that. Over and over; like a broken record inside her head. Because they are her comfort as he closes down and shuts her out. She can't hear them enough in his newfound silence of guarded answers and secretive assurances. \" I need you…\" \" How much do you love me?\" \"… now, more than ever.\" \" How much do you love me?\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Just One","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6029076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Requested fic. Movie canon. Just One I'm watching my worst nightmare unfold right before my eyes. I thought it had already happened, just a day before. I was somehow naïve enough to think it couldn't get worse after the sight Adam brought back this morning. Even after all this time, even after the shock of betrayal on the deepest, thickest level, I was naïve enough to think that. I'm searching for a thousand reasons to explain how my own brother could do this, and a million questions are all that come back to haunt me. The delusion we fed ourselves for thirteen years was blissful ignorance as peaceful and deceptive as the town we lived in. The reality was my worst case scenario realized in a more painful manner than I could ever have anticipated. Even after all I've seen. Even after all the things I'd heard. I never knew. I never knew even he could be so cruel. He watched me grieve my wife. He watched me raise my little girl. He watched me try to hide any envy or jealousy I felt on his wedding day, he watched me set aside my misgivings about it. He watched me support him through it. He watched me sacrifice my daughter to him, to save his own son. I'm watching what he's done to her now. My brother truly is dead. All that's left is a stranger. My daughter is dying right in front me. But I keep pleading with the stranger behind her eyes. My mind is searching for excuses for someone I no longer know, and my heart is begging for another way out than silver bullets and my own blood on my hands to save his. Just one reason. Just one excuse. Just one explanation. Just one alternative. My wife is dead. My mother is dead. My brother is dead. My daughter is dying, slipping fast from my outstretched fingers. I'm almost tempted by the thought that with claws I might could reach her. I just need one alternative, one way to fix this without making the same sacrifice twice. Still, nothing comes to mind. And I have to save what's still alive. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Losing Calm","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6029151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Very early fic, sort of tied to Faith . Uses dialogue from the scripts but is movie canon. Also, this goes with the theory that at least early on in the red moon cycle, the Naturalists had some measure of control over the change. Warning, sappy ending. Losing Calm \"How can you be so calm?\" Varek sighed and closed his eyes briefly. He knew Sonja didn't mean to keep snapping at him. He couldn't even really blame her for it; or Zo. That was why he didn't snap back or growl in irritation - though the urge to do so was almost overwhelming. But more than anything, Varek prided himself on his self-control. Keeping himself calm under any circumstances. An alpha male needed to be able to remain calm and focused, no matter what. Varek was nothing if not a good alpha. Every so often the tiny, meek voice of a ghost would question him about that. It would insinuate that he was trying to outdo his brother even now. Varek never listened. \"One of us has to,\" he responded. It was a harsh comment, and it hurt his mate. But sometimes he had to remind her through harsh means to keep her composure. His own form of tough love. To her credit, Sonja did not lash out at him as she had done earlier that evening, not long after the red moon had come about. She instead looked away to hide the hurt. Her fingers were twitching; the talon-like claws that had sprouted quietly clinked together. Varek regretted being so hard on her. The problem was she had it all wrong. He wasn't calm at all. He made damn sure he appeared to be, but in truth he was far from it. He was worried. A disturbing sense of dread filled him, and he knew exactly how Sonja and Zo and the ever silent Grenier felt. This was the closest they had been to fear in years. This was also the biggest threat that they could ever face. For years, they had fought to keep Humanists an endangered species. Aiming to see the faction one day completely extinct. Now they were the ones facing extinction. \"Sonja.\" The alpha female glanced over at him. She tried to hide the almost meek look in her eyes, but Varek caught it. It didn't suit her. She was trying though, and Varek couldn't help but admire her determination. Even though she knew she could never hide anything from him, there were still times she tried to do so with all her might. Every so often she would almost succeed, too. Tonight she was far too distraught. Varek set the map down on his hog; the highlighted town of Huguenot pushed aside for the moment. \"You can't let yourself get out of hand; when you don't have control over yourself, you have control over nothing. That is something we cannot afford.\" Sonja smiled; it was faint and didn't reach her eyes. Still, it was a smile. She hadn't smiled once in nearly a day. \"You almost lost it down there.\" Now it was Varek's turn to look away. He did so briefly, but in doing so he gave himself away. Not that he could really deny her claim. \"Funny thing is - I kind of liked it.\" Varek smiled himself and met his mate's eyes. The alpha male hardened at the way she looked at him; adoring, admiring, approving. The effect the red moon had on them only heightened his reaction towards Sonja. He reached over to gently caress her face. \"As soon as Zo and Grenier are done, we will hunt. In the morning we will ride to Huguenot. We will find the child, Sonja, and we will kill him.\" Sonja nodded. She seemed more convinced than earlier. Her fears soothed for the time being, she moved in closer. There was now a different look in her eyes, but it had the same effect - though it was certainly stronger this time. \"I think I might like to see you lose your calm sometime.\" Varek smirked. \"But you already have. Plenty of times.\" Sonja quirked an eyebrow and gave her mate a question half-smile. \"Really, Varek?\" The alpha male leaned in; eyes glowing amber now, fangs pronounced, he nipped roughly at his mate's neck. \"Every time we rut.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Maternal Instincts","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6029179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Nana fic. Because Nana should get love too. Maternal Instincts She didn't know how Nana did it. Rachel envied her sometimes. She would watch Nana take care of everyone, all day long, no matter how tired or busy or upset or sore she was. She would watch Nana bake cookies with Tim, have tea with Will, help Katherine prepare for her date with Adam, make sure Jonas wasn't pushing himself too hard and would listen to the worries that weighed him down. And she would be there for Rachel. No matter what. She helped her when Tim had attacks. She held her and stroked her hair whenever Rachel broke down and cried. She listened to Rachel's fears and burdens and would always know the right thing to say. Nana was a rock. A constant that never faltered. She grieved, and she cried, and she hurt, and she grew weary; Rachel was often there to see it. But the moment she was needed, she was there. Rachel wished she knew how Nana handled it. She wished she knew how Nana could sit there, telling her that everything would be okay as she wept over Nana's own son. Rachel wished she could be there when Nana finally wept over Caleb herself. She just didn't know how Nana did it. How Nana could make it through the day. But Nana always did. Rachel was fumbling through motherhood, struggling to be a widow and raise just one boy. She felt selfish for breaking down when Nana lost her husband with two boys to raise, and nobody there for support. But Nana never showed any bitterness. There wasn't a single sign of resentment. She was happy to help. She loved being everyone's mom. She took care of them all, and she always told Rachel it was her purpose these days. \"Care for and protect. That's what a mother does. And I've never stopped being a mother. Never stopped loving it, either,\" she'd say at the end of the day. And Rachel just didn't know how Nana did it. But she hoped she could one day live up to it. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Man In Wolf's Clothing","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5846889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. *** Man In Wolf's Clothing She stood broken in front of them; vulnerable and exposed unlike he'd ever seen her before. And for the briefest moment, he faltered. He betrayed. But when it passed, he didn't feel guilty. He didn't feel ashamed. He didn't feel disloyal, or dirty. He was still male; no longer human, but he was far from neutered. He still felt blood rush to his cock, he still felt desire; he was not just animal underneath the skin. And she was hurt and scared and wounded and angry and panicked, and so beautifully fragile. And the one they both followed wasn't so inhumanly perfect himself. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Smile","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6020086","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Script influences. Smile The house was quiet and still; it was nearly two in the morning and everyone was sound asleep. Almost everyone. Unable to sleep and too restless to simply lay in bed and try, Jonas stood in the doorway to his nephew's room. He smiled; it was faint and he doubted anyone would notice besides Kat and his mother. But it was still there. Jonas smiled the most with Tim. It wasn't that he loved Tim more than the others. It wasn't like Tim's sickness that would soon become a cure made him Jonas' favorite family member. The truth was, Jonas really didn't know why Tim was able to make him smile so much, even now when he was asleep in his bed. Maybe it was because despite everything, the boy was full of life. He loved living; he fought hard to continue doing so. Mostly for his mother and his family. Tim was a Varek after all; they always fought hardest for their loved ones. But there was also Tim's love of life, and his desire to one day live without the illness that plagued him. Jonas suspected that came from both of Tim's parents. Perhaps that was why he made Jonas smile so much. Or maybe it was because Jonas loved Tim as his own; Kat even loved Tim more as a brother than simply a little cousin always around. Jonas had always wanted a big family and though people he loved were missing from his life, he did have a big family. Including a son. He knew Rachel and Tim didn't have a clue how much Jonas loved them, but they were more than just blood and legalities. Watching Tim grow up was like watching his own child slowly mature into an adult. That could be the reason. An almost paternal bond and fatherly pride was why Jonas smiled so much around Tim. Tonight though, tonight Jonas' lips formed the faintest of smiles for a completely different reason. He watched his young nephew sleep, the covers twisted and kicked off, his football jersey three sizes too big, his hair in need of a cut desperately, and Jonas could almost swear he was watching his little brother instead. Jonas rarely ever spoke of Caleb. Jonas wasn't the type to really talk about his emotions, or his lost loved ones. How he dealt with everything kept him from really being able to do so. But Jonas missed his brother. He still mourned Caleb, same as Rachel. So much like Tim. Caleb had been full of life and a love of living, a desire for freedom. He'd been willing to sacrifice everything for it, willing to fight for it, willing to risk exposure for it. He'd loved Rachel, Jonas knew that. It didn't change the fact that what drew Caleb to Rachel was, ultimately, her humanity. Jonas couldn't really fault him. He knew Caleb would never have hurt Rachel. He knew Caleb would have done everything he could to help Rachel get through her shock once she finally did find out. He knew Caleb would have stuck by her until his death, or let her go her own way if she couldn't handle it. Caleb had just wanted his own life, his freedom. He'd been so young and so stubborn. Of course he'd wanted those things. Sometimes Jonas wondered if that was why he'd been…why he'd died. Maybe he'd been noticed, seen as too much of a threat. None of them knew why Caleb had been targeted that night. Nothing like that had happened before, and nothing like that had happened since. Jonas almost resented the other Humanists for that. It was his secret, selfish feeling that he never truly denied himself. He thought it often, and he would want to hit the wall until his fists bled. He knew it wasn't fair to them – but it wasn't fair to him, either. To any of them. Especially Tim. Tim, who looked so much like his father, who had so much of his father in him. Lying on his bed, sacked out, clothes and hair ruffled and unruly, limbs all over the place as if he'd just held them out and fallen onto the mattress. He was just like his father. Jonas' smile grew slightly. His eyes were glassy though; his smile was tight and his jaw was clenched. Everything would be worth it in the end. All the deaths and the loss and the suffering would not be in vain. Jonas wouldn't allow it to go any other way. It wasn't fair; but life never was. Jonas would fight to make sure it was at least more bearable for his kind in the future. He would fight to make sure that his brother's legacy lived, his brother's ultimate wish fulfilled. The weary skinwalker's smile relaxed. He let the tears fall. Caleb always could make him smile. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Winter","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5965601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Note: Script influences. Winter He was so very cold. It had never been like this before. He had never felt this way before. Not even before the taste of fresh human awoke his senses, not even before the sweetness of blood fueled his cravings. It had never been so cold. It had never been cold at all. Especially after the hunt and the kill and the feeding. After Varek. Especially after the meeting and the turning and the feeding. After Sonja. Especially after Sonja. It had never been cold. Not with a wildfire beneath your body, flames lapping at your skin. Not with the fiery passion fueling every move she made, every kill she laid at his feet. And he had gone the extra mile to repay her. He had her fire fueling him, and he was alive all over again, reborn again with her own rebirth, and he was doing everything he could to keep her heat. Keep her spark all his own, and never let it go, never let it flicker or fade to an ember. It had never been so cold. Not with his wild one. Not with his young one. Not with the beauty of her viciousness; huntress always at his heels, almost catching him and almost escaping him when he turned the tables on her – only to see if she ever could escape him just to come back so he would love her more and never let her go. It could never be so cold with her. It could never be cold at all. It never had been. Everything burned in their wake, and the flames danced in her eyes and hair. How she would shine with his half-smiles and affections; how she would glow in the flames. Oh, how her spark burned in those days. It could never be cold. Not with her spark. Not with his little wildfire beside him. There were wildfires to warm Caleb. He ran from them; they were his greatest fear. He could only see his spark, his wildfire burning out of control. He could see her features melting away to the skeletal remains of flesh – diseased and flawed by design. But she had been born for something better. He had given her something better; it was never her design. She was too perfect, and he couldn't bear to see her dying of disease and decay. His spark burned out. There weren't even dying embers to warm him. Fire was his greatest fear. It always left ashes in its wake. And she was so very cold. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Skinwalkers","Title":"Empty","Author":"Lunatic Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5964957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoever else screwed the movie up. Empty Who was he? He couldn't even answer that question. He wanted the answer more than anyone else. Who was he? He'd known the answer; once. But was that even him? Had that really been him? Maybe it had been. That scared him. It wasn't supposed to be him. Who was he? Who had he been? Was he the remains of an animal, domesticated and broken? Had he really been the monster? Was he once the wolf? Was the wolf really the bad guy? Or had it been him all along, waiting for the chance to let the badness out? Was he the one who made it restrain itself, or had he been the one enjoying the cruelty of that life? What was he? Was he now a good, repentant man because that's who he was, who he'd been, locked away for thirteen years and had been stripped of his badness? Or was he again lying in wait for the time to strike? What was he? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Skinwalkers nor its characters. They belong to LGF, After Dark, and whoeve"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Mapping Love","Author":"Moheh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8879395","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: It was conventional, how we met. A natural progression in my life. I was seventeen and it was at a Christmas party thrown by an elder from my father's parsonage. Adam had just moved into town to make something of himself, as most of the men in San Francisco, and was a recent attendee of our church. All the young women there were of course infatuated with him. A handsome, moral, single , young man with all the potential of the future on his shoulders. I thought him a kind, gentle man but on the whole, rather dull and put him out of my mind. The very next day however, he came calling to our home where he sat with my father in his study for hours discussing theology and economics. Their voices carried throughout the house as a low but constant murmur, making it clear that they were the both of them very thoroughly engrossed in either topic, but when I entered to bring refreshments, I heard his argument slip on his tongue and his felt his eyes on me, though I kept my gaze down. And apparently my father also noticed, because during dinner that night he went on and on about the wonderful qualities that Adam Ewing possessed. And why shouldn't he? For they were completely like-minded in all things. A few days later, Adam came by again, but this time to ask my father if he could court me. My father assented and I spent every weekend and some weekdays in his company. He told me about all his dreams and plans, he marveled at my purity and beauty and praised my father's mind, but I must confess my own mind was quite elsewhere in all the time I spent in his company. At the end of the month I accepted the inevitable. My father told me that Adam had asked for my hand and he had consented wholeheartedly. Clasping my hands in his tightly, he told me that he was so happy for me and not to mess this up. Shrinking into myself, I nodded. We were married the first of the week.[Chapter 2] The sky has already been a pale orange for several minutes before I am awake. As always, my husband holds me close, but he does not waken easily and I have become adept at escaping his embrace. Gently pulling the covers off of me, I lift his arm with them and slip away. The morning air is cold and I dress quickly, trying not to give in to the temptation of crawling back into bed. By the time I'm done, Adam is also beginning to rouse and I run to the kitchen to prepare breakfast. Married life is, I must confess, much the same as my single one, except I have less people to cook for, for now at least. My husband comes out to the dining room, groomed and ready for the day except for his necktie. After setting our plates down, I walk over to him and redo it. It's a great puzzle. In all the time I'd known him before our marriage, he'd always been impeccably dressed, right down to his tie, but after our vows he'd become quite hopeless, leaving me no choice but to fix it every morning. Perhaps marriage has made him lazy in that regard, but if so, it is a small vice and I must forgive him for it. \"Thank you, my dear,\" he says, leaning forward to kiss my cheek. \"I don't know what I'd do without you.\" I nod in reply and sit down. He clears his throat before exclaiming how delectable our modest meal looks before sitting across from me. Since even before we were joined as one flesh I could tell how he was feeling, and now a month into our marriage, I am even better at it, and so I know that despite his jovial manners, he is melancholy. However, knowing something does not mean I can do anything about it. The formerly happy man became melancholy soon into our marriage, and no matter how well I prepare meals or compliment him on his work with my father and at his job, nothing can shake him out of it, though he does try to hide it. Breakfast is mostly taken silently, but that is not a sign of any frigidness on either of our parts toward the other. No, it is calm and I am happy that I can be at such ease with my husband and in my own home. Indeed, I didn't realize just how on pins and needles I always was in my father's home, until we moved here. It is a small house, but it is warm and neat and perfect for us. My father helped Adam pay for it, generously giving it to us as a gift with no loans to pay back, and my favorite serving girl, Ruth. I don't think my husband would have accepted any of it though, if not for his desire to keep me in the most comfortable home he could. Every day, it seems, he brings me back a treat or flower, promising to bring home jewels in just a few years. I tell him I don't need such frivolities, and am content with my life as it is. When we finish our breakfast, he kisses me again, on the forehead and tells me he will not be back for lunch today. I tell him it's fine since that gives me more time to shop for groceries. Taking his pouch out, he presses two coins into my hand, telling me to buy something nice for myself. \"Oh, Adam, but I don't need anything!\" I say, trying to give them back. He moves away. \"I insist.\" And with a sad little smile, he takes up his coat and leaves. While Ruth cleans up our breakfast, I head out to the market and am looking through some very fine looking mushrooms, when I run into Sarah. It is unusual for her to do her own shopping and I express my surprise. \"I couldn't even breathe at home! I needed to get out.\" I can understand. She has three small children who never stop moving or crying. We shop together, although she makes it a bit difficult for me. She's impatient and always wanting to move on to the next stall before I've had a chance to examine all the vegetables. When we are finished, we take our time going back to our homes, strolling around here and there and running into a few of our other friends. She remarks that it's been a while since Adam and I have visited, and invites us over for dinner on Wednesday. I tell her that sounds wonderful and we finally part. I arrive back home just as Ruth pulls out a midday meal for me from the stove. I thank her after she finishes setting up the table and watch her disappear into the kitchen for her own meal. As I eat, I wish that I had invited Sarah over. I'm used to always being with my mother at home and I miss her dearly. I decide to call upon her this afternoon, and am, I must admit, relieved when she tells me that my father is out. She asks me about how my marriage is going, and I confess again that I feel that something is wrong with my husband. He never seems satisfied, no matter what I do, and although he is a kind and gentle soul, it is beginning to feel like I am living with Father. She nods wisely and tells me that that is just the way men are and as wives, we must continue doing our duty and trying to make them happy, and not be disappointed when we can't fully make them pleased. As it gets toward evening, she tells me I must get back before my husband. Kissing her goodbye, I make my way back home quickly. Ruth is in the yard collecting our sheets after she's dried them. I head straight for the kitchen where I set up all of the ingredients I bought today. And then I take a step back, feeling as if I've forgotten something, but there is everything I need. And then with a start, I remember the extra money that Adam gave me. I feel terrible. He's always so disappointed when I don't buy anything. I call Ruth in from our bedroom where she'd been laying out the sheets and give her the coins. I ask her to please hurry and buy some ribbons for me and to make sure she comes back before her master does. She nods and pulling her skirts up, while still keeping modest, she hurries out and away. Breathing out a sigh of relief, I turn back to the food and try to calm my nerves. If only my father could see how hard I'm trying to be a good wife. But he still seems so displeased with me when we visit every week. Ruth comes back in plenty of time. She's picked out some very nice ribbons that will go well with my best dress, and I thank her. I let her finish preparing dinner and go into my room and take out the dress. Holding the ribbon up next to it, I try and think of a way to incorporate them before taking out my sewing kit and stitching it on. I'm nowhere near done when I hear my husband returning, but I don't need to be. Setting my dress aside, I come out to greet him. He looks somewhat worn, but proud of himself, and I'm glad. I ask him how the trial went and he says that he won, but doesn't go much into it other than that. I help him remove his coat and afterward we sit down for supper. Over our meal, I tell him about how Sarah invited us over for dinner tomorrow. He nods, saying he enjoys the Jamersons' company. I can see his eyes light up thinking about the children. I change the subject. The rest of the evening passes as it usually does. We read our bibles together and as Adam recites it aloud, Ruth listens from the corner. And then we retire. I lay in bed, waiting for him to touch me, but he just strokes my cheek and tells me goodnight, before rolling over onto his side. It's been this way since our first week together and is quite a source of worry for me. Although I don't enjoy it, it is something that a husband and wife must do, and I know we both want children and I know he loves me, so I don't know why he won't do his duty. He is so good as a husband in every other way. He is kind to me, he enjoys my cooking, he does his job, and well, so why does he fail in this? But my body thinks otherwise. I unfurl myself from my tense position and turn away, as well. I know it's wrong, but I can't stand this part of marriage and can't imagine how Sarah or anyone can. I lay in bed, wide awake, until my husband's breathing changes and I know he's asleep. Sometimes I try to stay awake until he turns around and reaches out for me in his sleep, but I've never made it that far. I don't know when at night he does this, but every morning when I wake, I find him lightly pressed against me, with his arm pulling me close. I am sure that if he knew of it, he would be chagrined. And so I get up early, every morning, and sneak away so as to let him keep his dignity. Friday evening, Adam returns early and we take a carriage back to my childhood home. My father greets us inside, affectionately welcoming the both of us. Dinner goes well. My mother and I have our own discussions while the men have theirs. I am enjoying myself until my father mentions that Sarah Jamerson is pregnant again. I keep my eyes downcast but know that my father is watching me from behind his glass. \"Her father told me this morning. I told him I was happy for him and his daughter's fourth blessing and that I wished for the same for my own daughter.\" His voice remains as cheerful as when we arrived, but I know that he is telling me that I am failing as a wife. And he is correct and to that I don't know what to say, and the table becomes still for several moments until my husband steps in. \"Haha, that's wonderful! I do love their large family! But, as I tell Tilda,\" he says, placing his hand atop mine. \"It's not a good time to start a family for us currently. I won't be promoted for another year, and I want to focus all my energies on that.\" My father nods. \"Quite right. A man should prepare all that he needs to to ensure the well-being of his family. And I am sure, after your promotion, you will both be ready.\" \"Yes, Lord willing,\" he responds. They both erupt into laughter and I start to breath again. Dinner continues without any further disruptions, but I've lost my appetite, which is why it takes me a while to realize that my husband is still holding my hand. I look at him sidelong and think that perhaps it was a blessing marrying such a kind man.[Chapter 3] Stirring the stew absently, I look over the list again to try and figure out what it is I have forgotten. At our sewing circle the other day, Martha Christensen shared the recipe she received from her cousin in England with us, swearing that it was the finest beef stew that we would ever have, and we all promised to make it by the end of the week. Finding nothing again, I set the list down and take a sip of the broth to reconfirm that something is missing. I call Ruth over to try it and after a moment she goes out into the backyard and comes back with a bay leaf. Chopping it up finely, she drops it into the pot and I mix it in with everything else. When I taste it again, I know that she's found exactly what it needed. Getting a pen, I go to add one bay leaf to the ingredients when I see that it's already been included. Chiding myself, I put the pen back, wondering how I could have missed it. When there's nothing more for me to do here, I take the stew off the fire and go to my room where I've left my dress. The past few days I've barely had time to work on it and so progress has been slow, but I'm not in any hurry, I have other Sunday dresses, and I enjoy working on it little by little every day in the bit of free time I have. It's made me much more creative than in the past and I'm sure that everyone will love it once it's completed. Adam says it's coming along nicely, and is always happy to see the progress. Sometimes in the evening we'll sit by the fire and he'll watch me sew out of the corner of his eye while he reads through Hebrews. He likes the sight of it so much that I leave it out in our room and I catch him smiling as smooths the ribbon down. I can't fathom why he likes it so, but he especially enjoys me delighting in it. When I the door open, I put it aside and go out to greet him. At dinner, he compliments me on the stew repeatedly and I tell him that Martha gave me the recipe and that Ruth improved it greatly. He says that he can taste my contribution as well and blushing at the misgiven compliment, I ask him not to give me undue credit. After that he relapses into silence, and I'm filled up with dread. I hurriedly apologize for upsetting him. Staring into his stew, he smiles slightly. \"You can never upset me, Tilda.\" \"But I always do,\" I say, surprising myself at my forthrightness. \"Forgive me.\" Laughing, he finally pulls his head up and his eyes shine out at me. \"For what? I'm sorry for worrying you,\" he says, covering my hand with his own. \"I've just been working too hard.\" Although I know he is not being honest with me, I'm afraid of disturbing him further and just nod and ask him to take better care of himself. He says that he will and I pull my hand back to resume eating. The rest of our dinner, he is lively and talks about all that happened at the office and I smile and listen attentively to everything he says, but rarely say much else, for fear I will drop him back into his melancholy. The next day I'm feeling much better, visiting with my dear Hannah, skinning peaches for a pie and laughing about how poor Mrs. Adams thought she'd lost her bonnet, when she asks me how Adam is doing, and suddenly I'm overwhelmed with everything from the night before and all I've been feeling for the past month and burst into tears. I cover my face and turn away, but Hannah pulls me close and asks if something has happened to him. I shake my head, but am unable to get a word out. Patiently, she guides me to a chair and waits until I've calmed down and am able to speak again. \"No matter what I do, I can't make him happy.\" \"Is he cruel to you?\" \"No, no, never. He is the kindest person I have ever known. He won't even admit that he's unhappy with me.\" Dabbing at my tear and peach stained face, Hannah smiles. \"Unhappy? In all the times I've seen you both he has only ever looked on you with affection.\" \"A wife knows her husband better than anyone else, and I know he is displeased with me.\" \"Wives can be wrong. I can't tell you how many misunderstandings James and I have had between each other.\" \"No, something's wrong. With me!\" \"What do you do?\" I relate to her all of my daily routine, save what does not happen between us at night, and unsurprisingly, she finds nothing amiss, but patiently, she moves on, trying to find the root of my insecurity. When she asks me how Adam acts, I admit that he is a gentleman, like my father, and then start to feel foolish. When she sees that I have nothing more to add, she grabs my hand. \"Many young brides feel overwhelmed sometimes, but I promise it gets better.\" I agree with her and thank her for listening to me and afterward, we go back to making our pie and I resolve to keep my silliness to myself, but from then on I find myself watching other couples. Unsurprisingly, there is nothing that is different between us and other couples. The wives attend to the household and are mild toward their husbands, and the husbands, whatever their disposition, work hard outside the home and take charge of the home. But unlike me, they all seem vastly content. Not to say that I am not, because most of my days I am as settled in my marriage as anyone else seems to be, but no matter how I try to rid myself of my anxieties, they cling to me. With every downcast gaze and every night that passes without him touching me, I feel more and more ill at ease and grow surer that my marriage, at its very beginning, is already falling apart. Desperate for help, I turn to my mother. Although I'm frantic at the start of the carriage ride, by the time I arrive at her home I have calmed myself down and when she sees me, she does not suspect that anything is wrong. Happy to have an audience, she has me come in for tea and goes on about how well the new draperies she purchased, at a bargain, match the sitting room and calls for one of the maids to fetch me some excess sausages they have. She is so excited, I know that she must not have met with anyone recently and feel guilty about sharing my problems. I debate with myself about whether or not I should say anything, barely listening to anything she says. When she hands me the sausages and says that it's getting late, I'm startled at how much time has passed and jump up. My mother walks me to the door and tells me that I should visit again soon when I cut her off. A bit frazzled and my departure imminent, I finally say what I came to ask. \"Mother, are you happy?\" \"Hm? Of course I am. Why? Do I look dour?\" I quickly reassure her that she does not and thank her for the sausages, when she opens the door. Then panicking that this may be my last chance to receive any help from her, I ask, \"Is your marriage happy?\" \"Oh, this again, Tilda?\" she says, sighing. \"I am quite content and that is all that we can ask for. Now go home to your own husband.\" Sitting in the carriage, I know that my mother and Hannah are right. I should be happy, but that still doesn't stop me from feeling trapped and helpless. But at least I know that I must either suffer alone or find my own solution, and while staring out the window I see it in the form of a disobedient child, running around and making his mother give chase. That night, I lie in our bed, praying for strength and forgiveness. Although I thanked God after our first week of marriage when Adam stopped seeking me out in the dark, I knew then as I do now that I was wrong, but I was selfish, and pretended that Adam must not want it either, but now I realize that he must have known how much I hated it. When he comes to bed, he whispers, \"Good night,\" as always, then rolls over onto his side, leaving a wide berth between us that neither of us ever cross. It seems to take me hours to move, and the only thing that gets me to is the fear that he will fall asleep, but listening to his breathing, I know that he is still awake. I turn my body toward him and watch him for several more breaths before I reach out my hand. I stare at it, wavering inches from him, before I finally place it on his shoulder. He tenses under it and immediately sits up. \"What's wrong?\" he asks. \"Nothing,\" I say, relieved that he can't see my grimace. Also pulling myself up, I try again. I put my hand on his. \"Adam.\" I expect him to take me immediately, but he's so confused that he just sits staring at my hand, until I lean in and kiss his cheek. It's the first time I've ever done so, but I try to do it like him, light and soft. And then he draws me close. It hurts. Not as much as the first night, but still. I try to be silent as I cry. He holds me after and quickly falls asleep. His arm is under me and I'm afraid that he'll wake up with it numb, but whenever I try to move, he stirs, and I can't let him wake up and notice how wet my pillow is. I pray and pray that our marriage has been repaired.[Chapter 4] When I wake, it's dark and I wonder if I should try and go back to sleep, but then I smell the morning in the air and I know that I am in some trouble. While it is, of course, by no means extraordinary to find myself in my husband's arms at the dawn, I have never been so intricately wrapped in them before. Opening my eyes, I find his face not inches from mine and this is yet knew, since we have never faced each other in bed before. As if this was not already alarming, with no space for them, my arms have become trapped between us and I can feel every breath he takes under my fingertips. As a result, I become very aware of my own breathing, and quite of my own body's accord, I start to get into a rhythm with him. Blushing, and thinking I must get up and get to my wifely duties, I carefully draw my hands away and press them into the mat and push myself away, inch by inch. It is slow, made even slower by Adam, who stirs occasionally and pulls me back, but finally I am able to get away and release the breath I had not realized I was holding when I reach the edge of our bed. Unfortunately, Adam nearly undermines my efforts by shifting in his sleep and ending up on my side and just a hair's breadth away from me again. Knowing I have to get up now, I make to rise, but then am knocked back by a wave of pain and I feel the same soreness that I was subjected to my first week of marriage, and I want to lie in bed all day, but I just can not be here when my husband wakes. I just can't. Biting my lip and trying to ignore the ache, I succeed at getting up. Telling myself that it is not unbearable, because it isn't, I hope again that last night has somehow helped my marriage. While I'm still setting things up in the kitchen to make our breakfast, I hear Adam rise. My stomach flips in surprise and consternation. He does not usually wake so early, and I am afraid that breakfast won't be ready by the time he comes out, and I'm right. It seems only a few seconds before he steps out of our room. Looking at him, I can tell that he threw his clothes on, which would suggest that he is in a hurry to leave, afterall, he is closing up a case today, but then he walks toward me casually and with a smile I haven't seen since we were married. And seeing that smile, I am so relieved that I smile, too. \"Good morning,\" he says. \"Good morning.\" As soon as I finish speaking, he kisses me on the lips and I don't know what to do with all this affection. Blushing, I look down to see his still undone tie atop his disheveled clothing, and I start chiding him. \"Adam, what are you thinking? I leave his pants to straighten out himself, and start smoothing his collar down and pulling his shirt this way until it looks like an actual human being is inside it. As I pat it down, I can't help but notice the rise and fall of his chest again and do my best to quickly finish. By the time he is presentable, Ruth has finally come out of her own room. Usually, she should be up before me, but today she's taken her time. I should scold her, but I am much too flustered to do so. When Adam sees her, he asks her to please finish preparing our food and to bring it to us at the table, then pulls me to my seat. Each step that I take and even the motion of sitting down causes pain to shoot through me, but I bear it well and Adam shows no sign of noticing. I wonder if it will always hurt so much during and after lovemaking, and if all married women suffer pain throughout their lives. But I know I am being ridiculous, again, and remember that the first time was the most painful of all, but it did get better. Eventually I am sure I will grow accustomed to it. Hopefully soon. \"Today is sentencing,\" my husband says after he's seated, drawing all my attention to him and effectively dulling the soreness. \"I don't think it will take too long, so I will be back for lunch.\" \"Oh, good, then I will get the shopping done early, but are you sure?\" \"I think so, the lawyer on the case was rather convincing,\" he says with a grin. I am about to say that he is the lawyer on the case, when I realize that is what he meant. I am surprised at his demeanor and find myself giggling. I don't think I can ever remember a time when he joked with me. Have I ever laughed in his presence before? Suddenly, I am very aware of every little exchange between us and I grow shy. \"I might be back early this evening, as well.\" \"Oh, no, I won't have time to prepare dinner.\" \"No, that's fine. Maybe I could help.\" \"No!\" I say, turning white. He laughs at my expression and I ask him what he's doing to me. When Ruth brings our plates, I can not be more relieved. The change in my husband is considerable. He is lively and teasing, at my expense, but I know that I already prefer this man to the melancholy one I have known for the past several months. Excited about the great success of my first attempt at fixing our marriage, I am filled with nervous energy, and pushing through my soreness, I put that energy into use. Going all throughout our home, I clean everything. At one point I even tell Ruth to take a rest and that I will do everything. However, when I hear my husband call out for me, I realize the great error that I have done. Rushing out into the hall, I am about to apologize for not preparing lunch, when I smell something wonderful and see Ruth at the stove. I thank God for her and also throw her a look of thanks, noting to myself to reward her with whatever she wants. \"Did you win?\" \"I told you I was a good lawyer.\" \"Well, I never doubted that.\" Beaming, he kisses me on the nose and says that whatever is cooking smells sumptuous. As soon as he is gone again, I go right back to cleaning. After hanging up our clothing to dry, I go back to my room where I find my dress and determine to finish it. I call Ruth in and ask her to please go buy the groceries today and to please get something nice for herself, handing her the money, and with a \"Yes, Ma'am,\" she's gone. I do not slow down until the entire house is gleaming. The windows are nearly transparent, letting in every bit of sunlight, perfect for showing Adam the completed dress. Our evening is much the same as earlier in the day. He goes over every detail about his day that I have not been a part of as I cut the stems of the roses he has brought me. If I did not know any better, I would say that he is acting like a lovesick boy and with everything that I have done today, it is starting to get a bit exhausting, but I am happy to see him so animated. When I show him my dress, he says that it is breathtaking and that he cannot wait to see me in it. As night draws on though, my thoughts keep returning to what must happen again and although I tell myself that I already promised to do what I must and that I am being silly, I cannot help wishing that I could bypass it, at least for tonight. But I am so afraid that my husband will lose his luster that after he blows out the candle, when he searches for me, I let him. However, when he feels my cringe, he asks me what is wrong and I confess that I am somewhat sore. He begs his forgiveness and I tell him that it is fine, and he contents himself by draping his arm over my shoulders. Before he falls asleep, I hear him whisper, \"I love you, Tilda,\" into my hair. The following weeks reveal that things have indeed improved between us. We are once again relaxed in each other's company and without any tension, real or imagined. The nights have gotten better, as well. To my relief, I found that the pain did subside and now the soreness does not last long at all. And besides, I am now more concerned about something else. Sometimes in my free time I sew the beginnings of a little bonnet or shirt, before unraveling it. I do not know if I am pregnant, but sometimes I imagine a tiny babe moving inside me, which is impossible, but I indulge in the fantasy anyway. My father notices the change in our relationship too, and he has stopped subtly criticizing me, even behind my husband's back. One quiet evening, after our bible study, I am reading through an engrossing novel while Adam organizes and looks through some of his notes, when he pops his head up and asks me if I am happy. Without hesitation I tell him I am, and even look up from my book long enough to give him a smile. \"I'm glad,\" he says, before returning to his work, but I am, from then on, unable to concentrate on my book. I can't help but think over the changes that have occurred in both of us with satisfaction. I think we must be as perfectly happy as any married couple can be. The next day, I am kneading dough when I feel a dull ache in my stomach. At first I try to ignore it, but when it continues I force myself to go to the toilet. I know what it is, but with how well my life has been going recently, I hold out hope that I am wrong, but when I check and see the familiar blood stains, my heart sinks. I do not know why it has upset me so much. I know I have not had a miscarriage, but... I think of Sarah and Hannah and Jane with their children. Even Sarah, who always complains about them, looks so happy when she is with them, and thinking of them now, I know that more than anything I want a child. It is the one thing missing in my life. When I told Adam I was happy, it was the truth, but having tasted a little happiness, I have become greedy. I want more and more. ","Summary":" Prologue: It was conventional, how we met. A natural progression in my life. I was seventeen and it"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Hero","Author":"NightRider9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8899443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Story Title: Hero Chapter Title: A New Dawn Author: NightRider9 Summary: Connor is finally deemed stable enough to attend high school with the rest of the Zenith Team, but he soon finds out that high school isn't what it used to be. Story better than summary! Rated T for possible later chapters. Connor/OC Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. The red alarm clock on the table beside the bed seemed stuck on 6:25. Five minutes before he would have to get up and get dressed. Five minutes before he would have to double check his bag to make sure Jack hadn't slipped something in while he wasn't looking. Five minutes before he would have to get on a bus with the rest of the team and leave the safety of Jack's house. Today would have been like any other day, except for the fact that Connor Shepard would be starting high school halfway through what would be his junior year, a little under two hours from the very moment the clock turned to 6:30. But, until those few moments passed, Connor was content to lie in his bed and stare at the ceiling, thoughts bouncing around in his head. He had been up most of the night, tossing and turning to try and get comfortable. But after nearly three hours, he decided it wasn't worth it to try and force himself to sleep. It just wasn't going to happen. Instead, he found himself wondering what modern day high schools were like. He had only attended public school for a couple of years before he and Jack had been selected for the Zenith Project. And then, as Jack liked to say, the rest was history. Connor didn't think he could dread anything more than when he had to face General Larraby and Dr. Grant after thirty years and everything he had done. At least until Marsha pronounced that he was cleared psychologically to attend school with the rest of the team. \"Connor!\" he winced as he heard Marsha's shrill voice calling for him from the hallway. He was in the cafeteria searching for a snack. \"Oh, there you are! I have some great news!\" \"You found that comic book you wanted me to sign?\" He said dully, not even bothering to look at her. It still amazed him some that she was so fascinated by what had happened thirty years ago. He'd signed most of her comic books already, carefully scribbling his chicken scratch signature next to his brother's. \"Well, yes,\" she had sheepishly told him. \"But I have something even better than that. Three guesses, kay?\" Connor sighed. \"You and Jack are getting married?\" Marsha paid no attention, instead ignoring his next two tries and blurting out her news as Connor took a sip of a Coca-Cola he'd found. \"You get to go to high school!\" Coke splattered all over Marsha's white lab coat as Connor spit it out. \" What ?\" he managed as he wiped his arm across his chin to wipe off some of the drink. \"You get to go to school! Your psych evals cleared, and you'll start in a couple of weeks, as soon as you take your placement exams!\" His eyes flew open and he sat up. Must have dozed off, he thought as he glanced over at the glowing red numbers that read 6:29. Hmm, maybe it's frozen- his thought was interrupted by a loud blaring BEEP! His fist slammed down on the off button much harder than he meant for it to. The alarm abruptly cut off as the plastic housing of the clock cracked. Sometimes he hated just how powerful he actually was. Even without his powers he was pretty strong. After a moment, he ran a hand through his shaggy hair. I really need to get a haircut , Connor thought as he stood. The clothes Summer and Dylan had picked out for him the night before were laid over the back of his desk chair. The t-shirt shirt was red with a black stripe across the front, and he quickly slid it on over his muscular torso. His two \"fashion experts\" had lectured him for nearly an hour about how to dress right. Shirt untucked, hair unbrushed and messy, and blue jeans sagging much more than he would have liked, Connor grabbed his backpack and headed out the door. \"Good morning, sleeping beauty,\" Jack quipped as his little brother arrived in the kitchen. \"You ready for your first day of school?\" \"No,\" Connor replied as he slid into his seat at the table. Jack set a fresh plate of mostly unburnt pancakes in front of the younger boy, then took a seat across from him. \"Can't go to school on an empty stomach. Come on, eat up. I made sure not to catch the pan on fire this time,\" he said. Connor laughed at that. It was definitely true, his brother's bachelor days had definitely not helped his cooking. At least his brother had gotten up early. Usually Jack slept in when the team was in school. He picked up the fork Jack handed him and slowly began to eat his breakfast. But after just a few bites, Connor knew he wouldn't be able to finish it. His stomach churned every time he thought of the day ahead. Suddenly Jack's phone buzzed and he flipped it open. \"Bus'll be here in t-minus five minutes,\" he told Connor. \"Better finish up.\" \"I'm done,\" Connor replied as he pushed his plate away. \"Well, I'm not going to let all of this delicious food go to waste,\" Jack said as he pulled the plate of half-eaten pancakes toward him and dug in. Connor stood up and grabbed his bag up off the floor. \"I'm going to go wait outside,\" he said. It was beginning to get way too hot in that tiny kitchen for him. Jack nodded, mouth full of flapjacks. Connor rolled his eyes and opened the opened the front door. The morning air was at least ten degrees cooler than it had been inside the house, and there was a fresh breeze blowing. A few puffy clouds scurried across the blue sky. Connor took a deep breath and sat of the front steps to wait nervously. It didn't take long for the big yellow school bus to pull up to the end of the front walk. Fortunately, Connor was one of the first people it picked up so it was mostly empty. When he stepped up, the bus driver gave him a friendly smile. \"I think a few of your friends are excited that you're riding today,\" the old man told Connor. \"Connor!\" he heard Cindy's shout and turned to look for her. Her bright blonde hair just barely peeked over the top of one of the seats in the back. Behind her he could see Dylan and Summer sitting in the same seat, heads bent over something. Tucker sat in the seat across from them. \"Connor, Connor, Connor!\" Cindy said as she bounced up and down in the seat. \"You can come sit by me!\" He carefully made his way through the rows of seats to where his friends were seated. There were only a few other people on the bus besides the rest of the team so there were plenty of empty seats. He took the one across from Cindy and in front of Tucker and set his bag beside him. \"Connor! Are you ready for your first day of school?\" Cindy asked as she sat on her knees in her seat and stared at him. \"I guess,\" he replied. \"What's it like?\" \"Awful,\" Dylan said over the back of the seat. \"It's not that bad!\" Summer said. \"He's just trying to make you nervous. Ignore him.\" The bus lurched forward, and Connor, unprepared, flew into the seat ahead of him. Cindy giggled as he picked his bag up and slid back up into the seat. \"Some warning would have been nice,\" he told her. \"Oh, this is Dahlia and Allison's house,\" Tucker said as he stuck his head up over the seat back. \"They're in the same grade as you.\" \"Twins?\" \"No, cousins. I think they're like three months apart or something. But during the winter, Allison's moves in with Dahlia's family so she can go to a city school. They usually sit back here with us.\" \"They're really nice,\" Cindy added. Connor watched as a girl his age stepped onto the bus. She made her way to the very back and sat down. Still the bus didn't move. \"She's on her way,\" the girl in the back called, annoyed. At that moment, the door of the house opened and another girl flew out. In one hand, she was carrying her open backpack, stuffed to the brim with stuff. In the other she held a pair of old brown boots. Her brown hair was braided back and flew out behind her as she raced down the walk and onto the bus. \"Sorry, Mr. Flannigan!\" she apologized as she made it up the steps. \"Couldn't find my boots.\" As the bus began to move again, the girl made her way down the aisle and took the seat right behind Summer and Dylan. The bag and boots sat beside her on the seat. \"Allie, why do you have to set those things on the seat? They smell awful!\" Connor turned to look at the two newcomers. \"I'm sorry they don't come with air fresheners, Lia. They're work boots, not fashion boots,\" the brown haired girl replied as she wrinkled her nose at the other girl. Cindy was sitting halfway out in the aisle, eyes fixed on the boots. \"Are those real cowboy boots, Allie?\" she asked. The brown haired girl, who Connor took to be Allie, nodded. \"Yep. My dad bought them for me when I went back home last summer. You wanna see them?\" Cindy was up off her seat in a flash. She threw her backpack at Connor as she passed, the force of the throw forcing him back against the window. He threw the bag off and set it next to his own bag before poking his head above the seat. Cindy had her little feet stuck in the boots, which looked absolutely ginormous on her. \"I don't think they fit all the great,\" she said as she slid them off. Allie laughed. \"Well, maybe you can get a smaller pair and be a little cowgirl,\" she said smiling. \"Oh, I have a cowgirl outfit. It has a hat and a white shirt with pink pockets and pink fringe on the sleeves. And I have pink pants that go with it too! And pink boots with sparkles on them!\" Cindy told the older girl. \"I wore it for Halloween last year. And Christmas. I just really like to wear it, right Connor?\" She turned to him, seeking confirmation of how often she wore her pink cowgirl costume. It was obviously her favorite thing to wear, because she had worn it nearly everywhere but to school. He nodded slowly and cautiously met Allie's curious gaze. \"Who's this Cindy?\" she asked after a moment. The little girl smile grew bigger. \"This is Connor! Come on, I'll introduce you!\" She grabbed the other girl's wrist and dragged her off her seat. Then she shoved the two backpacks next to Connor into the floor and sat Allie down next to him. \"Allie, this is my friend Connor. Connor, this is Allie. She's a real live cowgirl!\" \"Uh, hi?\" he said as an embarrassed heat crept into his cheeks. Allie, thankfully, looked just as embarrassed. \"Hi,\" she replied as she gently rubbed her wrist where Cindy had grabbed it. \"Nice to meet you. I, uh, take it you're new, huh?\" Before Connor could reply, Cindy blurted, \"Yeah! He was stuck in some sort of alternate dimension for like thirty years and before that he was really bad but now he's all good and he's on the Zenith team with me and Dylan and Tucker and Summer!\" Tucker snickered from his seat as Connor stared speechless at Cindy. Allie was obviously searching for words to say as well. Finally, Dylan stuck his head back over the seat. \"It's not as bad as she makes it sound. He's really cool. And he's in the same grade as you.\" Connor could see that the new topic was something she could relate to. \"Really? Do you have your class schedule yet?\" \"Uh, yeah, actually I do. Summer picked it up for me yesterday. Let's see,\" he replied, picking his bag up off the floor and digging through it until he found his schedule. He handed it to her. \"Hey, we both have Kilby for Physics first period! Cool!\" she said instantly. \"And uh, oh! You'll have third lunch since you have Campbell for fifth, that's the same lunch I'm in. But you'll probably want to hang with Dylan and Summer, understandable. And we have the last two periods together, Bryant for Pre-Calc and Hayes for Ag Science.\" She glanced up at him after reading that. \"You're taking Ag Science? In those tennis shoes? Maybe I should let you borrow my boots. We're working with the cows today. And you probably don't want to get your sneakers dirty.\" From the back of the bus, Lia's voice called, \"Allie, I am not letting you bring another dirty pair of shoes into my parent's house! Cow crap stinks!\" Allie laughed a little and smiled at him. \"Okay, fair warning, it does stink a bit. Maybe worse if you're not used to it. But you'll get through it. Don't worry. And if you need any help, I'll be right there. Don't forget, it's Monday, so there's no homeroom today. We'll go straight to first period. Oh, hey, we're here.\" Connor whipped around to see the tall brick building that was Hoover Central High School. 'How had the drive been so short?' he wondered as he zipped his bag and stood up. Allie had retrieved her bag and boots and was motioning him ahead of her in the aisle. As they stepped off the bus onto the pavement, Dylan patted him on the back. \"Welcome to high school. Good luck.\" Author's Note: Hey! The first chapter rewritten that has been sitting on my computer for a while is finally finished! This revision gives me somewhere to go for the next chapter, which I am already working on, I promise! Hopefully my next update won't take quite as long… But anywho, Reviews are greatly appreciated (especially positive ones!) and feel free to drop me a message to make me feel guilty if I take too long on getting another chapter up. Thanks to everyone who has reviews and followed and favorited so far! -NightRider[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. Modern high school was nothing like he thought it would be. Or at least, Hoover Central High wasn't. It was obvious that the school served a slightly more rural area, but even so, the place was crowded. The hallways smelled like a strange combination of body odor, overly-strong perfumes, and whatever \"meat\" the cafeteria had cooked up for lunch. And yet, even though this was a new, unfamiliar place, he still found himself identifying the same groups that he'd seen in his previous brief public high school experience. There were still jocks and cheerleaders, science geeks, and the girls who wore too much makeup. But there were other groups now, ones he couldn't quite identify yet. Connor thought all this as he tried to put the combo in to open his locker for the third time. He'd managed to make it through all but one class, Agricultural Science. All he had to do now was get through that one class and the bus ride home and his official first day of school would be over. If he could get the locker open, of course. He growled in frustration as he failed in opening the lock again. He was tempted to use his power to open the durned thing, but Jack had specifically told him that using it would get him grounded for a week. Just before he was about to give up, someone picked the lock out of his hand. \"Here, there's a trick to it,\" Allie said as her fingers quickly put in the combination. Click! The lock popped open and Allie slid it off while Connor open the door and retrieved his books. \"Thanks,\" he mumbled as she leaned against the locker next to him and twirled the lock around one finger. \"Just takes some practice, is all,\" she told him smiling. \"Now hurry up, we'll be late to-\" BBBBRRRIIINNG! The tardy bell cut her off. Connor slammed the door to his locker shut and took the lock from her as she walked out of the lockers. Kids ran by them on their way to class, but Allie walked down the hall, Connor tagging along behind her. \"He won't mind if we're late?\" he asked after a moment. \"Nah,\" she replied. \"Besides, I already told him we'd be late. You're not the first kid who's had trouble with their locker on the first day. The only real danger to being late to Ag Science is if Mr. Paliento catches us.\" Someone cleared their throat behind the two of them. They both froze. \"Crap,\" Allie muttered under her breath before turning to face the principal. \"Mr. Paliento, I was just telling Connor about you,\" she smiled sweetly. Connor turned to face the man as well. He was tall with dark hair and even darker eyes, if that was possible. The man was frowning at them. \"Trouble on the first day, Mr. Shepard?\" he asked after a moment. Connor nodded nervously. \"Yes sir. I, uh, I couldn't get my locker open. Allie was helping me.\" \"Well fortunately for you, this is your first offense, so I'll let it slide. And perhaps even more fortunate for you, Ms. Lee, since you were helping him with his locker, I'll give you a pass as well.\" His eyes narrowed a bit. \"But this is the last warning for both of you.\" Allie nodded quickly. \"Yes, sir!\" Then she grabbed Connor's arm and practically dragged him down the hallway. When they were out of earshot of the principal, she let go of him and sighed. \"What was that about?\" he asked, glancing at her. He had watched her slowly pale during the entire encounter with the older man. Now that they were away from him, some color had returned to her cheeks, but she was still far too pale for his liking. She didn't reply, instead, stopping in front of a door bearing a plaque reading \"Agriculture.\" She moved to open it, but he caught her hand as it rested on the doorknob. \"What was that about?\" he asked, concern rising in his voice. She looked away from him. \"I'm President of the school's Ag Society. If I get another detention, I get kicked off exec board. And Paliento has it out for us. We take up funding that could go towards other things, like sports. He would just love to get rid of the Ag Society. He told Mr. Hayes once that if it weren't for the Board of Education requiring us to have an agriculture class, it wouldn't even be offered here. And I'm the most active member of the society, so I guess he thinks if he can get me kicked out, other kids will lose interest. There's so few of us anyways.\" She opened the door to reveal a mostly empty classroom. There were maybe only about seven or eight other kids sitting around the room. Allie ushered him into the room and closed the door as she stepped in after him. Every eye in the room turned to look at Connor for a moment, before everyone returned to what they had been doing. A man suddenly appeared from a door to Connor's right. He absentmindedly ran a tanned hand through his dirty blonde hair before noticing the two of them. \"Allie! I was wondering when you'd get here,\" he said, then realizing how pale she still was, added, \"What happened?! Did you run into Paliento? Did he give you a detention?\" \"Yeah, we ran into him, but thankfully Connor here had trouble with his locker and he let us go,\" she replied. The man sighed in obvious relief, then turned his attention to Connor. \"Ah, so you must be Mr. Shepard. Welcome to Agricultural Science! My name is Caleb Hayes, but you can call me whatever you like. Hope you're ready to jump right in, because today we're going up to work with the cows.\" Connor couldn't help but smiling at the man's enthusiasm as he responded. \"Nice to meet you. Allie told me we would be working in the mud today, so I guess I have no choice, do I?\" Mr. Hayes laughed at that. Then he turned and addressed the small class. \"All righty, y'all. Everyone is here, so let's get up to the barn!\" Allie excused herself briefly to go switch her sneakers for boots, the rejoined Connor as he started out the back door of the classroom. All he had left was a few more minutes in his last class, Ag Science. And then his first day back in public school would officially be over. \"Hey, Connor, can you hand me that pick over there?\" Allie's voice broke through his thoughts. \"Hey, you okay?\" He blinked and realized that she was standing right in front of him, waving her hand slowly in front of his face. Quickly, he nodded. \"Um, yeah, just thinking.\" \"Okay. You just zoned out there for a minute,\" she said as she reached behind him and grabbed a long handled object. To Connor, it looked more like a medieval torture device than something used to clean a barn. \"Hey, you wanna come help me feed the cows real quick?\" she asked suddenly. \"Uh, sure,\" he replied. \"After all, how hard could it be to feed a cow?\" Allie giggled slightly when she heard that. \"This is gonna be fun. Alright, come on,\" she said as she turned and lead him through a gate at the back of the barn. A few minutes later, Connor wondered why he had ever made such a stupid statement. In fact, he even began to think he preferred fighting supervillains over his current task. He struggled to lift a heavy bale of hay over the barbwire fence without poking himself with the sharp metal thorns. He finally managed to throw the hay bale over the fence, then paused to watch Allie throw one over the fence as though it were a lightweight blanket. \"How do you do that?\" he asked. \"Do what?\" she turned to him. \"Oh, that? I've done it so much, I'm just used to it, I guess. I'll get the last one and then we can head back down.\" She turned back to grab another bale. He watched her muscles strain under the weight of the hay as she easily lifted it over the fence. She laughed again when she noticed him watching her. \"Come on, everybody else has already gone back,\" she told him. He followed her back through the barn-pausing only to make sure the gate was secured- and then down the small hill the barn was set on to the school building. Black storm clouds were building to the west, and a stiff breeze kicked up, bringing the sweet scent of rain. \"Is this what we do every day in this class?\" Connor asked after several minutes of silence. \"What, work with the cows? No, not every day. Some days we work with pigs or in the greenhouse. When it starts getting really cold, we'll stay inside and work in the shop or do bookwork,\" Allie replied. \"We're a really close class, you know, with like ten people. We just do whatever, as long as the state standards are met.\" They had to stop outside the classroom door until someone could come unlock it. \"Hey,\" Connor said suddenly, causing Allie to turn and look at him. \"Thanks for helping me find my way around today.\" She smiled at him, and for some odd reason, he felt his cheeks begin to grow warm. \"You're welcome.\" The door suddenly opened just as the bell signaling the end of the school day rang. \"Hey, I'll meet you at the bus!\" Allie told him as she ran inside. \"But you'll have to hurry. I can't hold Mr. Flannigan for long.\" Then she was gone, leaving Connor to find his way back through the hallways to his locker. And suddenly, it hit him that his first day of high school was officially over. Author's Note: Hey, I promised I would get another chapter up soon, and I did! As of right now, I absolutely know where I want this story to go, so hopefully there won't be any more super long delays! This chapter is a little bit short and kinda boring, but it's really just a filler/intro chapter I wanted to get out while I was coming up with ideas. More excitement is coming up, so stay turned! Please leave a review if you enjoyed the story, and feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. I love reading comments and they really give me encouragement to continue writing. Also, thanks again to everyone who has reviewed and followed! See you soon! ~NightRider[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. His first day of high school was over. That was the only thing Connor could think of as he watched the bus pull away from the curb in front of Jack's house. Cindy shouted goodbye and waved, and Connor raised his hand slightly to wave back. Then he turned and went inside. Jack's house was nothing more than a bachelor pad really. It was a little place he'd bought just before Connor had been cleared to leave the base, big enough for the two of them. Fortunately, Jack wasn't home -he was probably down at the old garage working on something- and Connor could retreat to the relative quiet of his small room to relax for a bit. \"Or I guess do some homework,\" he said out loud as he set his backpack on the desk and flopped onto the bed with a sigh. Even though high school definitely hadn't been like he was dreading it was, this whole new routine would take some getting used to. After a moment, he sat up and reached for his bag to start on homework. He opened the book and began to read through the pre-cal problems, but before he could answer any of them, the front door opened. \"Hey, Connor! I'm home!\" Jack shouted as he slammed the door. \"And I brought dinner!\" The next week was much the same for Connor. Wake up, get ready, eat breakfast, head off to school, come home, eat dinner, do homework, then go to bed. And after a couple of days, he found that he was actually beginning to settle into his new schedule. He was sitting in his fifth period English class when he realized that he'd been in school for exactly one week. The teacher was going over something from Othello , the story they were reading at the moment, when suddenly, Connor heard something vibrate in his backpack. He ignored it. Probably left my phone on vibrate. I'll get it later , he thought as he tried to focus on the whiteboard. But the buzzing sound was getting the attention of the kids around him, until Mr. Campbell stared straight at Connor. \"Mr. Shepard, might I ask what that noise is coming from your backpack?\" he asked after a moment. \"I hope that it's not a cell phone. You know the policy.\" Connor knew it well, having gotten his phone taken up the second day of class. Slowly, he reached into his bag for the source of the noise, but froze when he realized it wasn't his cell phone. It was the pager Marsha had given him in case there was a mission. Neither Jack nor Marsha had ever told him what to do if the thing ever went off in class. Obviously it meant they had a mission, but he couldn't just up and leave in the middle of discussing Othello and Desdemona's relationship issues. As the class stared at him, Connor was at a complete loss for words. As he wondered what to do, there came a knock on the door. Without even waiting for someone to answer, Dylan burst in. \"Sorry, Mr. Campbell, but Connor has to go,\" he said as he motioned for Connor to follow him. \"Come on, we have to go now .\" That forced Connor out of his embarrassment. He quickly gathered his things and practically ran out the door behind the other boy. \"Didn't Dr. Grant ever tell you how to handle getting out of class?\" Dylan started. \"Wait, don't answer that. He obviously didn't. Everybody else is already outside waiting on us.\" \"What's the rush?\" Connor asked. \"Not sure. Marsha didn't put it out on the pager, just said it was extremely important,\" the other boy replied as they pushed through the front doors. There was a black passenger van parked out front, since the flying saucer they normally rode in would have been a little too conspicuous. The doors were slammed shut behind the two late-comers and the van squealed away from the school. Marsha turned to look at the team from her spot in the passenger seat. \"Glad you two could make it!\" she said sarcastically. \"I'll have to get onto Dr. Grant for not telling you the procedure, Connor.\" She reached over and pressed a button on the dash. The windows on the van instantly switched over to video monitors covered in different images. Some showed blueprints for several buildings, others had maps of downtown Phoenix. Marsha unbuckled and slipped into one of the back seats as a partition came down between the driver and the team. \"Okay, here's what we've got,\" she said pointing to a screen playing a live news broadcast. It showed a downtown street blocked off by several fire trucks and a pillar of black smoke climbing into the sky from a building farther down the street. \"That is DataTech Labs,\" Marsha continued after a moment. \"The US Army contracts them to help develop technical weapons, including some of the ones that you've used before in training. This morning, a silent alarm was triggered at their Phoenix facility's R&D; lab. Before anyone could respond to the alarm, there was some sort of explosion. But apparently, some of the thieves are still inside the building, holding hostages. Your mission is to get in, free the hostages, and get out.\" \"But why us? Isn't that usually a job for a SWAT team or something?\" Summer asked after a moment of silence. \"Why do they want superheroes?\" Marsha paused, almost as though she didn't want to tell the team. Her nose twitched, a sure sign that she was nervous, probably about to tell a lie. Dylan must have noticed this. \"Come on, Marsha, if we're going in, we need to know everything.\" The older woman sighed, apparently giving up her internal battle. \"The thieves, well, they have powers too. Like, ones that are comparable to yours, at least we are assuming. They got in without anyone noticing. Security cameras inside appear to be on a loop from before the lab was infiltrated,\" she paused. \"So we have to send you in blind.\" After the team's initial shock had mostly worn off, Marsha filled them in on a few more details that the team needed to know. Things such as building blueprints, security measures they knew were activated in the lab, their drop-off and extraction points. Things they depended on to make their own plan. Connor sat back in his seat and watched as Dylan began to discuss possible entry points for the group, ways they could get in and out without being noticed. Summer pointed out that the ducts inside the building were probably already heavily guarded. If the thieves were smart enough to loop the security footage, then they probably knew where the most obvious points of entry were. Tucker agreed, and pointed out a sewer entrance about a half a mile from the lab. \"I bet they won't have that guarded,\" he said as Marsha pulled up a map of the tunnels under the city. Suddenly, everyone was looking at Connor. \"You've been awful quiet over there,\" Dylan said. \"Got any ideas?\" Connor leaned forward and studied the maps for a moment. Tucker's idea of the sewers was a much more plausible idea than relying on vents being unguarded for five kids to crawl through. And it was a very real possibility that the vents wouldn't even be big enough for anyone but Cindy to fit through. He examined the map of the sewers and noticed there was an access tunnel to the building. Confused, he glanced at Marsha. \"What is this for? What exactly are they making here?\" Again, her nose twitched. \"They…um… they're working on a serum that would… that would… dampen the effect of powers. Like, almost get rid of them completely in a person for a set amount of time. Almost like the detention rooms at the facility-which were designed here too- but with a much more personal effect. Someone could take the serum and be essentially power-free for a certain amount of time, life for school or work. The access tunnel was put in to give them a direct tie in to the city's main water filtration if the need ever arose. But it's not on any other plans but these.\" The rest of the team's eyes went wide. \"But why would they want to do that?\" Cindy asked. Marsha wouldn't look at them, so Connor spoke up. His voice was low, anger hidden behind its softness. \"In case someone went on a rampage.\" Dylan and Summer glanced at him, knowing what he was talking about. Before they could say anything else, Connor had turned away from them and slipped his headphones in. He didn't want to hear any more about this serum, which they were sure to ask Marsha about. I shouldn't have been surprised to find out they were still working on it , he told himself as a memory dredged itself up from the back of his mind, from a time he'd tried much too hard to forget about. He was sitting in the cafeteria, finishing up breakfast. The rest of the team had already come and gone, but thanks to the \"treatment\" he'd had that morning, he'd come in too late to eat with them. They'd headed out for some training or something. But the radiation had made him unusually tired that day, and Dr. Grant had excused him from training, telling him to get some rest instead. For several minutes, he had been the only one in the room, sitting at a far corner table under a light that had briefly flickered, then completely faded to blackness. It was alright with him. He'd begun to prefer the darkness and solitude as of late. Suddenly, the door at the other end of the cafeteria opened, revealing two of Dr. Grant's lab assistants. They were talking excitedly, and Connor hoped he hadn't been noticed. \" Man! I can't believe that stuff actually worked!\" \" Yeah! I mean, if they can get the Gamma radiation to increase powers, think about what that would mean for the opposite. It would be a breakthrough in personal power nullification! Imagine, a superhero stopping a villain just by shooting 'em with a dart of some sort. Or if one of them kids they're experimenting on now were to go cuckoo for coco puffs.\" The first assistant nodded. \"That'd be great. Maybe then I could stop getting my prized soda can collection used as target practice. Just a few drops of the serum into her morning cereal and boom! No more arrow holes.\" Fury roared through Connor's mind as he listened. It was a strange feeling, one he'd never dealt with before. But it wasn't exactly unpleasant. He stood up abruptly, overturning the table he was sitting at. Cereal flew everywhere. The lab assistants froze as he walked toward them. Even though he was probably a good five inches shorter than the tallest one, both shrank back from him. One even tripped over a chair and fell to the ground, the one that had described the serum. \" What were you saying? About a serum?\" he questioned the other man, voice low. \" No…nothing,\" he stammered. Connor turned his attention to the second assistant. \" Do you want to tell me? Or do I have to go 'cuckoo for coco puffs' to find out?\" The man swallowed and reached for his communicator watch, but before he could, Connor sent a mild tremor through the floor. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you,\" he warned as he reached down and took ahold of the front of the man's shirt. With a strength he didn't even realize he had, Connor lifted the assistant off the floor. The other man scurried backwards, hand reaching for his own watch. The room trembled again, a reminder of the dangers the teenager posed. \"Now, what is this serum ?\" \" It's a p-p-power nullific-cation f-formula,\" he man he held stuttered. \"Dr. Ellis is working on it, but I think he-I think he out-outsourced it to some-some lab some-somewhere. H-h-he wouldn't s-s-say! I s-swear!\" He dropped to the ground hard as Connor released his hold and strode out of the room. The power coursing through his body was intoxicating. A small voice in the back of his mind told him that it was the Gamma radiation, that he should go see Dr. Grant and get help. But immediately, a much louder, powerful voice told him that Dr. Ellis was his target. Or more specifically, whatever serum he was developing. People ignored him as he stepped into the \"good\" doctor's lab. It wasn't unusual for members of the team to have scheduled appointments with researchers. Dr. Ellis was in his office, and he looked up as Connor stepped through the door and shut it behind him. It locked with a faint click! \" Mr. Shepard, what a pleasant surprise! I was-\" he cut off as he noticed something was different. \"Connor, are you feeling alright?\" \" Perfectly fine, Dr. Ellis, but I needed to discuss something with you.\" \" Anything you need? You look different. Are you wearing contacts?\" the older man took a step towards the teenager, pulling his glasses down from the top of his head to get a better look. \" I heard about the serum you're developing,\" Connor said, voice implying a threat when there really was none. \" What? How did you-\" this time the cut off came from Connor grabbing his throat. Abruptly, alarms began blaring throughout the facility, but Connor ignored them. \"Where is it?\" he hissed. The doctor didn't move, just stared horrified at the boy before him. Connor squeezed a bit tighter, determined to find out what he wanted-no, needed- to know. \" Where is it ?\" Finally, the doctor shook his head and gurgled out, \"Gone. Nothing viable here. I won't tell you where it is.\" The doctor gasped out another breath and went unconscious. Connor dropped him to the floor. The old man was lying. There was a viable serum in that lab. It could be used against him. And he didn't want to relinquish the incredible power he was feeling. He blew the office door open. Lab assistants scattered as the debris fell to the floor. All he had to do was find that serum. \"Connor?\" The teen jumped as the voice rang softly through his mind. He pulled out one earbud and glanced at her. \"What?\" it came out gruffer than he meant. Inwardly, he flinched, hating the sound of the same voice he'd succumbed to all those years ago. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah,\" he muttered. \"Just, remembering stuff.\" He noticed the van wasn't moving anymore, and looked out the window to see a crowd of armed police men and women surrounding the van. Marsha opened the side door and everyone crowded out but Summer and Connor. The telepath looked at him and grimaced. \"Showtime.\" Author's Note: Ugh. I really don't like the way this chapter ended, but I didn't want to get too far into what happens next. Otherwise the chapter would be super long, so I elected to break it up. Anyways, another chapter down! I hope you like the flashback. In the movie, there isn't much of an explanation of what happened before Connor was sent into another dimension, so I want to delve into that a bit more during the course of the story. Please leave a review if you enjoyed the story, and feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. I love reading comments and they really give me encouragement to continue writing. Also, thanks again to everyone who has reviewed and followed! ~NightRider[Chapter 4] Author's Note: WARNING! There is some violence and minor cursing in this chapter, but nothing too serious. .And as always: Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. Connor slid out of the van and into the bright Arizona sunlight. There was a crowd of people who had gathered, straining to catch a glimpse of the scene down the road. They cheered briefly when the team emerged from the van, but were quickly silenced by the police who held them back. The van pulled away, but stopped just before the firetruck barricade and parked. Connor figured Marsha would monitor the situation from inside. \"Are you the special team the chief said was coming in?\" a tall burly officer stepped from the line of policemen to address the teenagers. \"Yeah,\" Dylan answered, taking a step forward to greet the man. \"Any updates on the situation?\" It never ceased to amaze Connor how fast Dylan could change from laid back teenager to the team's strong leader in the blink on an eye. \"There's not much information. We guess there may be four of five hostages. The few people who made it out can't give us a definite number of thieves or hostages. All their reports conflict as to the number of thieves. That's why we called you in.\" \"You think one can multiply,\" Summer stated as she stepped up next to Dylan. The officer nodded. \"And we can assume one is either a technopath or at least extremely tech savvy, since the security cameras have been on a constant loop from before the break-in. Time stamp on the feed are marked from around 4:30 am until around 5.\" Using the communicator on his wrist Connor once again pulled up a 3D hologram of the map of the facility and the surrounding area. \"Our plan is to enter the building through this access tunnel here,\" he pointed out the tunnel to the officer. \"We'll probably need some sort of distraction while we get in.\" \"Engaging in some half-hearted attack on the building would probably be a good idea, but don't get any of your men killed,\" Dylan interjected. Connor continued. \"Yeah, just long enough for us to slip inside and give the thieves a nice little surprise. Dr. Holloway should be able to help you keep track of us. According to the map, there is a manhole not too far from here. That's how we'll get to the tunnel.\" The officer nodded. \"I'll get a one of the SWAT squads to start prepping for the frontal assault.\" Ten minutes later, most of the Zenith Team was crawling their way through the Phoenix sewer system. Tucker had volunteered to go in with the SWAT team and serve as a secondary distraction. It would also give the team the advantage of seeing exactly what they were up against once the thieves began fighting back. Dylan was in the lead, followed by Summer and Cindy. Connor was the last one in the line, not that he particularly minded. At least he didn't have to be the one to discover whatever awful smelling thing they crawled through next. Up ahead, he heard Dylan gag and he laughed to himself while Cindy giggled out loud. \"No, really, you'll wish you didn't have to slide through this mysterious pile of sludge here in a minute,\" the team leader managed to say before he gagged again. \"I can't even begin to wonder what it was ori- Agh!\" Connor tilted his head to try and see past Cindy, but all he could see was red light pouring into the small tunnel. A moment later, the light got brighter as Summer disappeared into it. Finally, he recognized it as a wider tunnel, probably a junction of several sewer pipes and also the location of the access tunnel for DataTech Labs. Cindy spun around as best she could in the tight space, then dropped down with a splash and finally Connor could see that his initial idea was correct. However, this presented another problem: he was too big to turn around in the pipe, meaning the only way down was to… Splunk! He landed face down in the shallow water with a dull splash. Smells assaulted his nose as he stood up and finally he gagged. Dylan snorted. \"Doesn't seem so funny now, does it?\" The other teen was attempting to wipe some of the sludge off his face, but wasn't doing the best job since pretty much everything was covered in the stuff. \"Let me help,\" Summer offered as she used her telepathy to remove some of the gunk from both boys. \"We wouldn't want them smelling us and ruining our surprise early.\" After they had managed to get the worst of the stuff off, Cindy took a small bottle of perfume from one of the pockets on her belt. \"Do you carry this on every mission?\" Connor asked as she handed it to him. \"Yep!\" she replied, smiling but not offering any more explanation. A quick glance at the rest of the team told him that they were just as puzzled by it as he was. When he was finished he handed the bottle to Dylan and turned to examine the access door. It was solid steel, with a small window at eye level. The window would be no help, he decided, as it was more than likely shatter resistant. There was also no outside latch on the door, meaning access could only be gained from the inside. Of course, this wouldn't really stop them. Connor slipped a small device out of one of the pockets on his belt and carefully attached it to the door next to where the lock probably was. \"Do your magic,\" he whispered to no one in particular as he pressed a button and stepped back. The device whirred to life, serrated teeth popping out and grabbing the door. There came a faint whine of metal on metal and burning smell filled the air before a small circle in the door popped out and clattered to the concrete floor. \"We're in,\" Connor said as he picked up the device, deactivated it, and slipped it back in its pocket. Sometimes Dr. Grant made something that actually worked. Dylan moved toward the door. His eyes closed, and Connor knew he was checking for any guards and also scanning for automated security using his mind sight. \"Nothing there. Let's go over the plan one more time before we go in,\" he said as he turned back to the group. Dylan nodded. \"Good idea. Using the blueprints of the building, we figure the thieves are in the security area of the labs containment vault, probably trying to get access to said vault. Connor, you said you would take the vents?\" Connor nodded and Dylan continued. \"Great. Summer gets the security door. Cindy meets up with Tucker near the door to the office wing, which is probably sealed off from the main hallway, to get secure hostages. And I'll slip down from the vent on the other side of the room. That way we should have them surrounded. Don't engage until we know exactly what they want, though. Everybody got it?\" There were murmured sounds of agreement from the team. Dylan brought up his comm and radioed to Marsha, \"Access tunnel breached and we are getting ready to head in. Is the diversion ready?\" \"Yes, sir!\" Marsha's overly chipper voice replied. \"Just make sure you guys are careful!\" \"You heard the lady. Everyone be careful.\" Speaking back into the comm, Dylan continued. \"Moving in.\" Everyone fell silent at the command. From here on out until they were engaged in a fight, there would be no more talking, only hand signals. The team fell into line again, this time with Summer leading as they filed into the access tunnel. There were no guards and the security system seemed to be offline, making their trek through the subterranean passage much easier than they had anticipated. Before too long, they reached the first break-off point. Dylan motioned with his hands to show Connor this was the best spot for them to enter the vents. A moment later, they were quietly crawling inside the ducts. Using his comm, Connor brought up a mini map of the ventilation system and led the way to a fork in the duct. He motioned to Dylan that he was splitting off. The other teen silently wished him good luck before they separated. Because of how slow he had to go so he didn't make any noise, Connor felt his adventure through the DataTech ductwork was taking forever. However, his map showed that he was quickly moving in on his designated spot, a vent directly above the desk in the security area. As he neared, he slowed down further and strained to listen for the thieves. It didn't take long for their voices to come into earshot. \"Nyx, go help Flash. It seems those idiot police have decided to redouble their efforts at getting in. And watch out for any stragglers who may have made it in. I feel a disturbance in the force.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" came a voice with a distinct southern accent. He heard the sound of the security door opening and closing as someone left the room. Someone else in the room chuckled. Connor settled into his place, and found that he had a perfect view of the two thieves still in the room. \"Making Star Wars references, are we?\" one of them said as he checked a computer monitor for something. \"I didn't think you were nerdy enough to watch that.\" \"Careful,\" the other, a woman, hissed back. \"You keep your focus on getting into this vault, not my movie choices.\" The man chuckled again and settled into typing on the keyboard. Seconds, or perhaps minutes, ticked by, but neither of the thieves said anything else for a long time. Then, the woman crossed her arms and began tapping her foot, obviously growing angry at having to wait. Crashing sounds because audible from outside the room, and suddenly she whirled. \"Byte, I swear if they get in, I will personally make sure Flash fries your systems,\" she hissed. The man hunched over the security panel visibly swallowed and frantically began typing on the keyboard. \"I got it, but their security system is terrible for a facility that is involved with some pretty advanced technology. There's not much more I can do, Charm. We'll have to rely on Flash and Nyx to distract them until we can get the package.\" The woman, Charm, snorted and turned to the door at the back of the room. \"Well at least get the damn thing open so we can get the package and get out of here. Nyx reported there was a super human with th-\" Bam! There came a crashing sound from the other side of the room, and suddenly Cindy and Tucker appeared from a hole in the wall. Connor silently swore. They had come in too early, before they knew what the thieves wanted. He blew open the vent and jumped down inside the room as Summer forced open the security door. A moment later, Dylan materialized next to the thieves' leader. \"Morn-\"he started to say before the man, Byte, grabbed the computer keyboard and swung it at Dylan's head. Dylan easily avoided the first strike, but the woman next to him reeled back and punched him hard in the stomach. Instantly, Summer was ripping anything not bolted down into the air and hurling it at the woman. She avoided most of the debris, except a coffee mug, which sliced open the back of her hand. Suddenly two more of the thieves appeared in the doorway and immediately joined the fray. Connor saw them first and sent a shockwave through the ground, throwing the smaller of the two off balance. The room seemed to shrink until Connor was only focusing on the one person. It was a mind trick Ace had taught him so many years ago, and it had served him well in all of his battles. The small woman reeled for a moment before catching her balance. Before Connor could react, the shadows around him seemed to come alive, sliding across the ground until his feet were covered and he could not move. Gritting his teeth, he tried to lift one foot, but could not. Anger coursing through him, he clapped his hands together, the force of the waves temporarily dissipating the shadows holding him in place. But the woman, who Connor assumed was the Nyx talked about earlier, was not deterred. Her hands curled into fists, as if collecting the shadows again. But he was ready this time. A large computer monitor flew in front of his face, probably thrown by Cindy, and he instinctively slide back while also using a shockwave to propel the heavy piece of equipment toward his opponent. Before it could hit her, though, the shadows rose up in an attempt to stop the monitor. The trick only worked halfway though, and the screen hit the woman in the leg, sending her crashing to the floor. Connor took the opportunity to grab a nearby chair and toss it, boosting its speed with another blast. The shadows caught this one, and before Connor realized it, another shadow had slipped around him. Unable to move, he watched the barely discernable shadow being molded by the fallen woman until it looked like a sharp blade. He struggled as he realized it was heading for his throat, but the darkness held him tight. The moment before the shadowy blade could touch him, Dylan appeared behind the shadow bender and tapped her shoulder. She spun around, only to be met with his fist. She wavered for a moment before slumping to the ground. \"Byte has the package! Let's go!\" came a shout from across the room. \"Flash, grab Nyx!\" The floor strangely began humming, and Connor and Dylan only had a split second to realize what was about to happen. The air itself seemed to light up and Connor barely registered he was flying through the air until he hit the wall. The breath was knocked out of him, and for a moment, he struggled to breathe. As if in slow motion, he saw one of the thieves pick up the passed out woman before dashing out the security door. The other man followed, clutching a box to his chest. The last one left in the room was the leader, the woman called Charm. She slowly walked over to where Connor was slumped against the wall and knelt down. \"Pity,\" she said as she tilted his chin upwards. \"You would have been a great asset to the team, hero .\" Her voice was familiar, but in his half-conscious state, he couldn't identify why. She stood and turned to leave, the security door slamming shut behind her as alarms began to blare. The sounds were too much for his battle-weary mind. His head swam for a moment as he continued fighting for breath, but the edges of his vision were tinged with darkness. The last thing he remembered was the security door being forced open and police entering the room. Then he drifted into unconsciousness, memories tugging him into a nightmare. \" Connor!\" a familiar voice screamed out through the red that clouded his vision. \"What are you doing?!\" \" I'm finished, Ace!\" he said, turning toward his teammate. \"They are trying to develop a serum that would stop us, that would destroy us! We can't let them do that to us!\" She was standing at the end of the hallway, a confused and slightly horrified look on her face. The team must have finished training early, since she was wearing flared pants and a bell-sleeved shirt under a vest instead of the uniform. \" Connor! Can't you see what you've done?\" she asked after a moment. He glanced over his shoulder and saw the hallway littered with unconscious security guards, Army MPs, and the occasional lab assistant. \" I am just trying to stop them from destroying us!\" he shouted at her, anger building again. More faces appeared behind hers, Marksman and Daravia. There was a smaller figure behind them, jumping up and down to try and see what was going on. Jack. His little brother. \"Connor, are you okay?\" Daravia asked as she surveyed the hallway. When he didn't respond, Marksman turned to her and whispered, \"Go get Dr. Grant, something's wrong with him!\" But before either of them could move, the hallway shook. Marksman looked back at Connor, concern shadowing his face. \"That's enough, Connor,\" he said as he stepped in front of the others. \"You need help, and we're taking you to Dr. Grant.\" \" No,\" Connor's voice was low, barely hiding the anger threatening to boil over. \"You can try, but I'll never go willingly.\" \" Fine. Then we'll drag you there kicking and screaming like the little kid you're acting like!\" With that, Marksman drew his bow and fired. Suddenly, everything went red and somewhere someone was screaming his name. \"Connor! Are you okay?\" someone was shouting in his ear. He opened his eyes but immediately shut them because of the bright light shining directly on his face. The voice in his ear was no longer shouting, but was still very close to his ear. \"Connor? Wake up!\" Finally, he recognized the voice as belonging to Marsha. Slowly, he raised his hand and waved toward the light. \"Oh! Sorry about that!\" she exclaimed as she got the meaning and rushed to dim the lights in the room. He waited until the room seemed almost dark before cracking open one eye. \"Marsha? Where am I? And where is the rest of the team? Did the thieves get away?\" she began asking, slowly at first but his questions quickly becoming rapid fire. \"What did they take? Are there any clues as to who they are? Was anybody else hurt? And why does my left arm feel like it is on fire?\" Marsha giggled. \"Glad you are feeling better! You're back at the base. The rest of the team is getting checked out, but you seemed to have taken the brunt of the strike on your left side. Summer said she thought you were hit with lightening and that one of the thieves can manipulate electricity. Dylan has a mild concussion but you were the one hurt the worst.\" \"Did the thieves get away?\" Marsha paused, then nodded slowly. \"Yes. Tore a hole through the side of the biochemistry lab and set off radiation alarms. Police couldn't go after them and they got away.\" Connor's fist slammed into the railing of the hospital bed, denting it. He hardly felt it though. He was angry, vision tinged with red. \"Connor?\" came a soft voice from the doorway, and the red faded as he looked up to see the rest of the team. Cindy was the one who had spoken. \"You're okay!\" With that, she practically launched herself across the room to hug him. A smile touched his lips, but he was worried about the anger he had felt coursing through him a moment before. He hadn't realized it was still there, still so strong. He would have to fight to control it, and he only hoped he would be strong enough. Marsha's voice once again startled him out of his thoughts. \"Okay, well, you're free to go. Everything checked out, but you'll probably be a little sore tomorrow. But we'll get you an excuse for school for any physical activity.\" Connor sighed. Tomorrow was going to be a long day. Author's Note: Hurray! Another chapter! I now know 1000% where I am taking this story from this chapter on, so now the only problem is just getting motivated to get it written. I have the plot settled and written out, now it's just to writing the chapters around that outline. But I already have an awesome idea for later on, and I am really excited about that, so hopefully more updates coming much sooner. I am not very good at writing and coordinating fight scenes due to the sheer amount of detail it takes, but I hope this one will suffice. This is actually the longest chapter I have written yet (more than 3,000 words!), but I suspect that future updates will be this length or possibly longer with the plot that I have settled on. As always, please leave a review if you enjoyed the story, and feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. I love reading comments and they really give me encouragement to continue writing. Also, thanks again to everyone who has reviewed and followed! Every email that I get saying the story has a new follower or review or favorite motivates me to finish another chapter! ~NightRider[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. \"Hey Connor!\" He heard Cindy exclaim from the back of the bus. He glanced back to where the rest of the Zenith team sat in their usual seats. Cindy was chipper as always, practically bouncing off the seat and into the walkway. Everyone else, however, looked about as horrible as Connor did. Summer had a light scratch above her left eyebrow. Dylan had a black eye and kept rubbing his right arm as though it hurt. Tucker looked about the best of the group, but even he was slumped over in his seat, fast asleep. As he approached, Summer gave him a small smile. It had been a tough fight for all of them. Connor sat, a flash of pain running up his left arm causing him to wince. Cindy plopped down on the seat next to him. \"Connor, guess what?\" she bounced up and down again. He sighed internally. He really wasn't in the mood for one of her little guessing games. After the last time he had been dragged into playing 'I Spy' with her, he definitely didn't want to spend the rest of the bus ride trying to guess the she was looking at a red thread that had come loose on his shirt. But he answered her anyway. \"What Cindy?\" Her voice lowered a bit so only people within a few feet could hear what she was saying. \"Marsha said the police found a sample of one of the thieves' blood! They gave it to Dr. Grant to see who it is. Isn't that cool!\" Connor thought back to the day before, and suddenly remembered seeing the one called Charm get hit with something. It must have cut her badly enough to leave blood behind. The thought brought a brief smile to his face. \"Yeah, that's pretty cool.\" Cindy's smile returned as she whipped around and jumped back to her own seat. Her blonde curls settled into place as she slumped against the seat back, eyes already closing. Connor realized that her excitement must have been overcoming any tiredness she was feeling. Now that she had told him the news, she was wiped out. He sighed as he too settled back against the seat to look out the window. His eyelids were heavy, but he knew that if he fell asleep now, he stood no chance to get through the school day. The bus screeched to a sudden stop in front of the next house. Connor hadn't realized he was dozing with his head resting on the window, but he did when he slid forward and knocked his forehead on the windowsill. He jumped in surprise, causing another shock of pain to run up his left side. It hurt, but at least it helped to wake him up. He heard the bus driver greet the newcomers. Connor tilted his head to see over the top of the seat, to find only Allie boarding the bus. Her cousin was nowhere in sight. His friend quickly slipped down the aisle and into the seat in front of Cindy. Once seated, she turned around and gave him a smile. \"Morning, Connor,\" she said before she got a good look at him. When she did, she seemed a bit taken aback. \"Uh, no offense, but you kinda look terrible.\" The corners of his mouth turned up slightly. \"Thanks,\" he said, letting his head rest against the back of the seat in front of him as he tried to come up with an excuse. \"My older brother and I were playing football last night and it got a little rough.\" She didn't seem to know he was lying. But she quirked her eyebrow at him. \"I wouldn't take you for a person who likes to play football,\" she said after a moment. Then she shrugged, obviously satisfied with his rushed answer. She turned away from him. As she turned, she placed her hand on the seat, and Connor took notice of the clean white bandage around her left hand. She winced slightly as if she'd hit it the wrong way. Normally, it wasn't something he would have taken particular note of. But immediately, his mind flashed back to the memory of the fight the day before. He'd seen the leader, Charm, get hit on the hand by a broken mug when Summer entered. And Cindy had just said that the police had gotten a blood sample. He sat up and leaned out into the aisle. \"What did you do to your hand?\" Allie turned back to him, briefly confused. \"Oh, this? I, uh, I just cut myself yesterday when I was up at the barn waiting for cattle showing practice to start. It was pretty bad and in a weird spot, so I had to bandage it like this.\" She glanced at the bandage and then back at him before continuing. \"It hurts, but it'll be okay. Aunt Meg says it's deep and it may take a few weeks to heal, but it's not anything that requires stitches.\" He nodded, but didn't reply. The timing of her injury and the fight yesterday, that couldn't be coincidence. But Allie was his friend. And, she'd been in school at the same time the attack happened. There was no way she could be one of the thieves. Someone cleared their throat, and Connor instinctively tensed. \"Are you okay?\" Allie asked as her eyebrows raised again. \"Did you hurt yourself playing football last night?\" \"I'm fine, really,\" he told her as the bus pulled up in front of the school. \"Just sore.\" \"Alright, everyone,\" Mrs. Kilby said to the class as she flicked on the classroom lights. \"Your homework for tomorrow is to write a short, one paragraph paper over one thing you learned from that episode. Now, tie to assign topics for projects!\" Connor groaned inwardly. Allie had told him about the massive class project they had to do that semester. The worst part was that the topic wouldn't be of his choosing, the teacher was going to assign them a topic. Even though he could create sonic booms, Physics had never been his strongest subject in school. At least they could choose their partner for the project, and Allie seemed to be slightly better than he was at understanding the material. Mrs. Kilby pulled a piece of paper from within a folder on her desk. \"Let's see here. Julia and Emily, your assigned topic-\" Connor waited to hear his name called. It seemed like there were a million other names on the list before his and Allie's were finally called. \"Allie, Connor, your topic is rockets and how their design aids in their propulsion,\" Mrs. Kilby announced before continuing on to the last few groups. Connor released a breath he didn't know he was holding, only to hear muffled laughter from the seat beside him. He glanced over to where Allie sat to find her smiling at him. \"Does this project really scare you that bad?\" she asked. He stuck his tongue out at her and crossed his arms in feigned anger, which only made her giggle more. \"Come on, Connor,\" she said after a moment. \"A physics project isn't rocket science.\" She paused, thinking through her last sentence, then giggled again. \"Well, I mean, it is rocket science in this case, but it's not like we have to do the complicated math or anything. I was thinking maybe we could make a model?\" There was a spark in her eyes that told Connor she was pretty excited about this project. Mrs. Kilby was giving the rest of the class period to begin discussing their project, so the two of them pushed their desk together. Allie pulled out her Physics notebook and started writing out notes for the project. \"We'll need to look at propulsion systems and I'm sure we could find some pretty good research from Nasa! Do we want to try and do an actual rocket launch to explain the theories behind it?\" Connor shook his head. \"Nah, I think just one model should do it, but maybe we could find some videos for the slide show?\" \"Great idea!\" Allie said, frantically erasing the first idea. She brought a hand up to brush away the eraser shavings, again giving Connor a good view of the bandage. He stared at it for a minute, before Allie waved her other hand in front of his face. He glanced up to find her eyebrow cocked again. \"Do you want me to unwrap it so that you can see it? Do injuries fascinate you or something?\" \"No, it's just-I was just wondering how you cut yourself up in the barn.\" \"There's lots of ways to hurt yourself up there. But this time I was trimming Daisy May's hair and got a phone call. I forgot I had my phone sound on, and-it's kinda funny- but Dahlia changed my ringtone as a joke and it scared me. The trimmers slipped and I tried to catch them. Caught 'em, just in the wrong spot,\" she grimaced and flexed her fingers. \"Can we finish talking about this project?\" The story was somewhat satisfactory to Connor, although there was still a nagging suspicion in the back on his mind. He put it as far back in his mind as he could and gave his friend a small smile. \"Sorry, just thinking of how bad it must have felt. She do we want to get on the computer to start some research?\" The rest of the day passed uneventfully. The clock ticked on, his locker stuck a couple of times during class change, and the bell rang at the end of the day. Sometime after lunch, the pain in Connor's arm had begun to steadily grow. He was ready to go home, take some ibuprofen, and sleep until the next morning. By the way Dylan and Summer were looking as they sat down in their usual seat, they were feeling the same way. The mark around Dylan's eye had actually grown darker throughout the day, and as much as Connor wanted to say something witty about him looking like half a racoon, he just could not muster the energy. At least in Ag Science that day, they hadn't trekked up to the barn. Thankfully, Mr. Hayes had them doing bookwork over ruminant digestive systems. Connor actually wasn't sure if he would have made it up to the barn; he'd barely been able to drag himself to the bus. A couple of minutes later, Allie too dropped into her usual seat in front of Connor. Her eyes peeked over the top of the seat briefly before disappearing, only to reappear around the side. \"Are you okay?\" she asked after watching him for a moment. \"You've practically been dragging yourself around since lunch. Are you sure you didn't dislocate your arm last night playing football?\" \"Seriously, I'm fine,\" he said, relaxing back into his seat while trying to avoid touching his arm. Her concern was touching, but he was also beginning to get tired of people asking him if he was okay. \"It's just sore is all. The ibuprofen I took this morning wore off around lunch.\" His explanation seemed to satisfy her. The bus began to roll forward out of the school parking lot, and it was only then that Connor realized that there was a strange silence from the back of the bus. He leaned out into the aisle to check the very last seat on the bus, only to find its usual occupant missing. The movement must have caught Allie's attention, because a moment later, she too was looking at the last seat. \"Whatcha lookin' at?\" \"I just noticed Dahlia isn't on the bus. Did she stay late at school or something?\" \"No. She got sick last night and stayed home today. Aunt Meg said it was just a stomach virus or something, not bad enough to go to the doctor. But Lia obviously didn't feel like coming to school today. Did you not notice she didn't get on this morning?\" Connor shook his head, but thinking back, he realized he did. He just had been too tired to register it that morning. Speaking of being tired, he cast a glance back at Dylan and Summer to find both of them asleep as the bus pulled into the elementary school parking lot to pick up the younger kids. Other than Cindy's usual perkiness and eagerness to talk about her day, the bus ride home was uneventful. Most of the rest of the team dozed during the hour and a half long ride, occasionally jumping awake when Mr. Flannigan hit the brakes too hard to let someone off. Even Connor found his eyes beginning to grow heavier with each stop. It was only when Allie stood up at one stop that Connor realized the next hard brake would be at Jack's house. The thought woke him up a bit as he waved goodbye to his friend. As the bus pulled away, he noticed a curtain in one of the front windows fall back into place. He figured it was Dahlia waving to her friends she hadn't seen that day. A few minutes later, the yellow bus was pulling up in front of the old garage that was Jack's house. It was more of a bachelor pad than an actual house, but it served its purpose well, Connor thought as he stepped down onto the cracked sidewalk. And there was a bed inside with his name on it. Connor ignored the bus as it pulled away, instead letting his mind wander into an almost autopilot state. The door was open; Jack never locked it unless he was going to be out of town for a while. Inside the door, Connor let his backpack drop to the floor. The next stop was the bathroom to take a few over the counter pain pills and then the kitchen for a small snack. By the time he actually opened the door to his room, Connor was halfway asleep. He practically collapsed onto his bed and knew no more. \"Have you found any good designs for a model? We need something easy, but also cool-looking.\" The week after the fight, there was a brief snap of warm weather. So warm, in fact, that Connor and Allie had decided to work on their Physics project outside that afternoon. They were sitting under one of the few trees in the small grassy area Jack called the backyard. Connor had brought his laptop out so that they could begin to work on their project slideshow. They'd agreed to split up the responsibilities, with Connor putting together the majority of the slides while Allie worked on designing a model rocket. \"Mmn, not yet,\" Allie responded, plucking a blade of grass from a bunch at the base of the tree trunk. \"I've been looking, but most of them are in kits that cost like one hundred dollars or more. We could go with a cheap inflatable one for ten bucks, but that would be for what designs you wouldn't want to use. It might just be easier to build our own.\" Connor nodded in understanding. When they'd first started the project and discussed a model, he'd halfway wanted to ask Dr. Grant if they could borrow one of the smaller rockets the scientist collected and kept hidden in his private lab. But although he figured the good doctor would be willing, it would also raise questions about where he got it, and that was not something he wanted to deal with. The two of them settled into a comfortable silence for a moment while Connor typed on his computer and Allie settled back into the grass to look up at the clouds. It was a moment before Connor realized the flash of white in the corner of his vision was the fresh bandage on his friend's hand. He paused typing and watched as Allie continued to absentmindedly fiddle with the piece of grass she'd picked a few minutes before. \"Hey, is Dahlia feeling any better?\" he asked, trying to push the thought of the thief's injury to the back of his mind again. \"Yeah,\" his friend replied without glancing at him. \"Aunt Meg says she should be back Monday. Oh, remind me when Uncle Aaron gets here and I'll try to remember to ask him about helping us build a model.\" She finally sat up and reached over to grab the notebook that Connor had been copying notes from. He glanced at the clock at the bottom of the computer screen and realized it was almost six o'clock. Allie's uncle would be arriving soon to pick her up. She'd gotten off the bus with him that afternoon after school, and they'd spent most of the two hours reading through their notes and research to make sure they were on the right track. Connor had created the slides for the presentation while Allie had used her phone to look up rocket kits. Now the sun was beginning to dip low behind the mountains to the west. Allie turned her head toward the road as the sound of a diesel engine revved down the street. \"Oh, that's my uncle.\" The two of them stood and gathered their things from where they'd scattered them in the grass. Then they made their way to the front of the house where a crew cab truck was parked by the curb, idling. Jack was leaning by the passenger door, talking to the driver. They laughed about something, and then Jack noticed the two teens as they approached. Allie smiled at her uncle as Jack opened the door for her to climb inside. \"Thanks for inviting me over, Connor,\" she said after she'd settled her things in the backseat. \"Next time we'll try and meet at my house, if Lia isn't sick again. I'll see you Monday!\" Her uncle chuckled in the driver's seat as he put the truck in gear and it pulled away from the curb. Connor waited until the vehicle had turned the corner out of sight, then turned back toward the house. Jack was waiting for him by the front door, smirking like a complete idiot. \"Connor's got a girlfriend,\" he said in a singsong voice. Connor punched him in the arm and went inside. But now that Jack had said it, maybe there was a bit more than just friendship there. It was completely possible that he liked Allie a little bit. But that thought brought the concern about the thieves from DataTech back to the front of his mind. He couldn't deny that it was odd the Allie had hurt the same hand that the thief Charm had on the same day. The chances that they were one in the same were slim, but he still couldn't get the idea out of his mind. He would just have to wait and see if the thieves struck again to find out exactly who Charm was. Author's Note: Hello, dear readers! I'm sure y'all thought I'd forgotten about you. I do apologize for the delay between this chapter's release and the last update. A lot has gone on since I last updated, and this chapter has been sitting mostly written on my hard drive for the better part of the year and a half I've been idle. I am hoping, however, to get Chapter 6 out much faster than Chapter 5, so keep an eye out. Also, keep in mind that I love reviews! They not only give me feedback about what y'all think of the story, but it also gives me encouragement to keep writing. And thanks to all my readers who keep coming back to this story even when it's not been updated in forever! I'm not super happy with this chapter, and it may end up rewritten at some point because, to me, it feels very disjointed and jumps around a lot. But for now I am going to move on and get started on Chapter 6. As always, feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. I love reading comments and they really give me encouragement to continue writing. Also, thanks again to everyone who has reviewed and followed! Every email that I get saying the story has a new follower or review or favorite motivates me to finish another chapter! ~NightRider[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. It had been a quiet couple of weeks. To Connor, each day was seemingly the exact same. Wake up, eat breakfast, go to school, come home, do homework, train with the team, eat dinner, go to bed. Every few days, when the team didn't train, he and Allie would get together and work on their Physics project. Rinse and repeat. Nothing out of the ordinary happened, and there were no missions the Zenith Team had been called out on. So Connor had no reason to believe that this particular Tuesday would be any different. He woke up, ate a bowl of Cheerios, and headed outside to wait for the bus. Winter was in full swing, and it was a particularly chilly morning. He rubbed his hands together to keep them warm as he watched the bus turn the corner at the end of the street. The rest of the team was already sitting in their usual seats. They'd all recovered from their previous fight, even though occasionally Dylan and Connor would both complain about their arms hurting from where they'd been shocked. It wasn't unbearable, and Marsha had told them it would eventually go away, but the cold certainly wasn't helping any. The bus ride was uneventful. Allie and Connor sat together and did some of their math homework, helping each other with a few problems they both had trouble with. When they were finished, they talked about the most recent episode of their favorite tv show. All in all, it was a quiet morning. However, the usual routine was interrupted about halfway through first period. Tuesdays were practical application days, which usually meant the class watched an episode of Mythbusters showing projects related to their current coursework. Suddenly, the door to the room opened and revealed an office aide. Their teacher paused the video for a moment and read the note handed to her by the aide. Then she glanced up and found where Allie and Connor were sitting. \"Allie, they need you to go to the office to check out,\" was all Mrs. Kilby said. Connor and Allie shared a confused look. She quickly gathered her backpack and notebook, then walked out with the aide. By the look on her face, Connor guessed his friend had absolutely no idea why she was called out of class. As the show resumed, he could only hope that she would be back and that everything was okay. For the rest of the class, he eagerly watched the clock and jumped every time someone passed the classroom door. But Allie never returned. As lunch approached, Connor realized she probably wasn't coming back for the rest of the day. He hadn't seen her in the hallways between classes. At the end of their first period, their teacher had passed out the schedules for when each group would be presenting their final presentations. She'd given Connor an extra one and asked if he could give one to Allie and let her know when their project was due. During economics class, he'd stealthily taken a picture of the sheet and sent it to her in a text. Allie hadn't responded. Five minutes before the bell rang signaling it was lunchtime, Connor's backpack buzzed. He ignored it for a minute, but finally realized it wasn't his phone. His pager was going crazy, letting him know it was time to go. He waited until the teacher was finished with his current sentence before raising his hand. \"Mr. Campbell, may I go to the office?\" Dylan had told him after the first mission that this was the universal question to get them out of class when they had a mission. All the teachers were aware that if any student on that particular list asked that particular question, it was permission to leave for whatever they had to do, no questions asked. \"Of course, Connor. Have a good afternoon,\" his teacher replied before continuing with the lesson. By now, Connor knew he didn't even have to actually go to the office. He crammed his notebook in his backpack as he rushed out the door and headed toward the front doors of the school. Dylan and Summer were already there, and with a silent nod, they all three left together. The van wasn't there when they first stepped out into the chilly midafternoon sunlight, but after a couple of minutes, it squealed into the parking lot. As soon as it pulled up to the walkway, the doors opened and the three young heroes jumped inside. Cindy and Tucker were already seated in their usual rows and Marsha turned her seat around to brief the team about their mission as soon as the van was on the highway. Today, she seemed to have left her cheerful attitude back at the base, as she immediately got down to business. \"Alright, guys! We'll be to the pickup location here in just a couple of minutes. Jack is already on his way to pick us up. In the meantime, here's all the information that we've got. Right now, it looks like it's the same group that broke into DataTech the last time. But this time, they're hitting a computer farm in Chattanooga, Tennessee. It's pretty high tech, but again, they managed to sneak in practically unseen.\" Marsha glanced at her watch and then out the window. A small dot appeared in the air on the horizon and grew steadily closer. \"Local police said there may be a security guard inside that they've taken hostage, so we'll have to tread carefully. I'll pull up the site blueprints once we get on the ship.\" The van pulled into a local park. The dot on the horizon was the team's favorite mode of transportation, their spaceship. It was old and constantly falling apart, but Summer somehow managed to keep the thing running with her powers. Jack had apparently made a hard landing in one of the park's soccer fields, as when the team jumped out of the van, there were a few random pieces of metal laying around. Summer scowled. Connor knew she hated it when his brother drove the ship; it just didn't like him. \"What did you do to him?!\" Summer called as soon as the team was inside the ship. \"I can tell he's pissed from right here.\" Jack looked hurt as the lift brought the team higher into the control room. \"I didn't do a thing, Summer . The stupid thing just doesn't like when I drive as fast as I can.\" Summer sighed and pushed past Jack to the controls. He joined the team as they followed Marsha over to one of the new onboard computers General Laraby had just had installed. She pressed a button, and immediately, the screen lit up with four blueprints. One was of the building itself, another was of the building's electrical and air ducts, and the last two showed possible access points. \"This is the room they think the thieves are in. It's the main data storage center.\" Marsha pointed to a large room in the center of the facility. The room outlined in red as she pointed to a smaller room attached to a long hallway. \"This is where they believe the security guard was when he was taken. Two other guards in the building didn't hear a thing until they realized their coworker wasn't responding to their radio calls. This was his station. Notice that there's not an access to this area from the main doors, but there is an old coal chute here from when the building was first built in the early 1900's. They think that's where they got access to the inside. We don't know what they're looking for, but if what happened last time is any indication, they are very dangerous.\" The team studied the plans for a moment before Dylan spoke up. \"The element of surprise didn't exactly go as planned last time. Maybe it's time for a more direct approach. Cut off all exits. Tucker, the loading bay at the back. Cindy, Summer, you take the front doors. Connor, there's a side door here that will put you the closest to the thieves right at the beginning. I'll come in the same way they did and make sure they don't come back out. Sound like a plan?\" The rest of the team murmured their agreement. Dylan broke from the rest of the group to tell his girlfriend the plan. \"So, do we know anything else about these thieves?\" Tucker asked suddenly. \"I mean, they've had to have shown up somewhere before the DataTech theft.\" Marsha looked at the floor, which usually meant there was nothing good she could say. \"We have no idea. I mean, there have been thefts done by metahumans in the past, but not a group like this.\" \"What about individual thefts that match the profile of the group members? Like that guy on the computer?\" Connor asked as he watched a second screen, which was replaying some amateur video footage of the thieves breaking out of the lab during the first heist. \"You know, Connor, we hadn't thought of that! I'll get right on it!\" Marsha exclaimed, and immediately turned away from the team to type away on the computer. Connor continued to watch the amateur footage as it looped back to the beginning, before a second video caught his eye. He reached up and tapped the screen, bringing the news story that had been running in the background to the front. It was a video from a local helicopter news crew. The scene was of a two-lane street in an older downtown neighborhood. Emergency vehicles lined the street, lights flashing a rainbow of colors. At the bottom of the feed, a news ticker scrolled \"BREAKING NEWS: BREAK IN AT NATIONAL DATA SECURITY CENTER. HOSTAGES UNKNOWN.\" A crowd of people stood on the sidewalk behind police barriers, trying to catch a glimpse of the action down the street. Connor slowly turned up the volume as the picture switched to a young woman standing in front of a police car. There was a slight pause before she held up a microphone and began speaking. \"We're here on Fisk Drive, just down the street from a reported break in at the Matlore Data Security Facility. Unfortunately, John, there just doesn't seem to be many details about the robbery at this time. As you can see, there is a massive police presence, and one source with the department who wished to remain anonymous said they are bringing in a group of specialists to deal with the problem. Although no official count has been release, witnesses in the area said there were possibly between one and five hostages still inside. So far, there have been no demands from the robbers. This is a developing story, please stay with Channel Three Eyewitness News for updates. Now back to John and Cindy in the studio.\" The video muted as Dylan pressed the button again, returning to where Connor stood after he finished talking with Summer. \"This'll be fun,\" Connor muttered to his teammate. \"Police are fine, they know how to stay out of the way. But the media and civilians…\" He trailed off, knowing the team leader knew what he meant. Dylan gave a solemn nod. Then they both felt the subtle descending motion of the ship, and with one look at each other, knew it was time to go to work. Summer set the ship down in a nearby park. As the team was lowered down, Connor was thankful that all of the media attention was on the break in, so they had probably come in practically unnoticed. The facility was a few blocks away, and they would have to run, but it was better than scaring the people in the area with a UFO. Dylan motioned with his hand and took off, Connor and the rest of the team following closely behind. By the time the entire team had reached the scene, the only one who was out of breath was Jack, and Connor knew he avoided Dr. Grant's crazy endurance training like it would give him the plague. They had come around the backside of the building, where there wasn't as big of a civilian presence. The group showed the policewoman on duty their credentials, and she ushered them in around the barrier. Marsha and Jack left the group at the side of the building to find the police commander in charge. While they waited, Dylan repeated his earlier plan to the team, reminding everyone of their points of entry to the building. A few minutes later, Marsha and Jack returned with a tall lean man. The badge on his shirt read Chief of Police. He looked aver the team for a moment before taking a deep breath. \"Well, I hate to break it to y'all,\" he started. \"But you're too late. Thieves managed to get out without being noticed about fifteen minutes ago. And it's a safe bet that they're no longer in the area. Hostages are being checked out by EMS and we're already beginning the investigation. Only injury was a guard who was shot in the left shoulder, clean through and through. He's on his way to surgery at Erlanger as we speak, but I've been told they think he'll survive. We'd be more than happy to have a few extra sets of eyes, though. Dr. Holloway mentioned that you've gone up against this group before. Maybe you can find something we've missed.\" Connor cast a quick glance at the rest of the group. They all seemed to be as shocked as he was, but there was also a bit of relief as well. After their last fight, none of the Zenith Team was exactly eager to face off against their newly minted rivals. The chief led the team to the side door that was supposed to be Connor's point of entry and let them inside. Immediately, Connor noticed how immaculate the place was. If it weren't for the police officers and forensics aides working inside, he would have mistaken it for a regular office building. This time, the thieves had left everything intact. There were no burn marks on the floor, no chairs tossed into random corners, no indication that anything out of the ordinary had happened. While he was examining his surroundings, the chief had led the rest of the team away to another room. Connor was about to follow them when a shout came from around a corner in front of him. Curious, he followed the sound of the commotion until he found himself in the main lobby. It was a decent sized room with a large white reception desk in the corner and a wall at the front of the building that was made of glass windows. The officers in the room were gathered beside the desk, intently watching as a forensic aide pulled something from the drywall and held it up. Immediately Connor recognized the object as a bullet. It had been crushed on impact with the wall. He remembered that the police chief had said there was a guard that had been shot, and almost dismissed it to head back to the team. But as he turned, he caught a glance at the drywall. The walls were painted white to match the reception desk, but where the bullet had impacted, there wasn't a speck of blood. The bullet that hit the guard would have left a blood splatter, as the chief had said it was a clean shot through. While the officers were still examining the bullet, Connor stepped toward the front windows, and quickly spotted a small web of cracks. The shot didn't come from inside the building, but outside, probably from one of the other buildings in the area. \"That doesn't make sense,\" Connor muttered as he turned and walked back down the hallway to find the rest of the team. \"There wasn't a gunman at DataTech, unless Charm has managed to hire one since then.\" He rounded the corner to find Dylan and Summer standing at the door. \"Hey, man, we were waiting on you,\" Dylan said as Connor approached. \"The chief said he was going to send anything they found to base to be examined.\" Connor was confused. \"Why? Isn't it a local investigation? What did they take this time?\" \"Nothing,\" Summer chimed in. \"They had the company's IT techs examining everything, and they said that their firewalls were only breached for a couple of seconds. Apparently, it wasn't long enough to actually retrieve any data. And nothing new on the thieves. They looped the security feed to an earlier time, locked the security guards in a storage closet, and took what they needed. The only difference is that the one guard was shot, which the chief said happened at the front entrance. He said someone just radioed him that they found the bullet in the wall.\" \"And since there are a few government databanks stored here, they're willingly handing it over. Guess the locals don't want to deal with all the federal red tape,\" Dylan added. \"So, we're heading home. Marsha said we can take the rest of the day off too. No training tonight. Come on, everyone else already left.\" The next few days were nothing special. Connor returned to his regular routine. Wake up, eat breakfast, go to school, come home, do homework, train with the team, eat dinner, go to bed. However, there was one major change in his schedule. Allie had been out of school for the rest of the week. She'd finally texted him back, thanking him for sending the Physics presentation schedule and to ask if she could borrow his notes for their classes when she returned. Which wasn't until the next Monday. Connor was halfway asleep when the bus pulled up in front of Allie and Dahlia's house. He'd stayed up late the night before working on Current Events homework, which meant he'd stayed up way later that he'd meant to so he could watch the late-night news. He'd had to write a brief essay on a national news story involving crime, so he'd chosen to write about a series of unsolved murders of lone rogue superhumans. He'd heard a few of the lab assistants in the talking about it and how the assassin always managed to take down the superhuman before the call could even be placed to the base. Suddenly there were heavy footsteps coming down the aisle, and a warm body plopped down into the seat beside him, startling him. When he looked up, there was his friend. \"Hey! I haven't seen you in forever!\" he said as he sat up to give her more room. It was only then that he realized that her eyes were red and puffy, like she'd been crying. Allie glanced up at him and gave him a sad smile. \"Yeah, sorry. It's not been a fun week, you know?\" \"What happened?\" Allie sniffed, and her bottom lip trembled as though she were going to start crying again. \"I had to go home. Not like to Aunt Meg's but home home. We had to p-put my horse down.\" She paused for a moment, and when she continued, her voice wasn't as shaky. \"His name was Chocolate, and I've had him since I was twelve. He was my first real horse and-and-and- \"she broke off as a tear slipped down her cheek. \"I'm so sorry!\" Connor exclaimed. He wasn't sure what to do, so he awkwardly placed a hand on her shoulder and patted it. Allie laughed a bit at that, and wiped away the tear. \"I'm going to have to stop talking about it or I'll cry more.\" \"That's fine,\" Connor said, removing his hand from her shoulder and reaching into his backpack. \"Here, I've got the notes from Bryant's class. We're getting ready to move to a new chapter and there's a test on Thursday.\" He gave her a smile, but inside, he was wondering if that was the real reason she'd been out for so long. It was just a nagging thought at the back of his mind, but it wasn't something he would forget. There was something about her sorrow that seemed ingenuine, like it was all faked. He glanced down at her hand to see that the cut had finally faded away to a huge scar. And then it hit him. The thought bugged him the rest of the way to school. Could Allie be Charm? Author's Note: Dun Dun Dun! I am now ready for y'all to place bets on who Charm is! Any guesses? Is Allie the charismatic supervillianess known as Charm? Find out next time on Hero: A Zoom FanFic! Jk, we don't find out who she really is for quite a few chapters yet, but from here on out, things start getting pretty exciting. I already have several major parts of later chapters written out, ready to be written together , so my goal is to have the next chapter out by the end of 2017! APRIL 2018 UPDATE: So, life happened and kinda got in the way of writing. My sincerest apologies about that. A few days after posting this chapter (Christmas Eve), my boyfriend proposed, so we're now going through the process of finding a house, planning a wedding, finding a full-time job, and everything else that comes with starting a new chapter of life. I am still working on this story, but I've had to put it on the back burner for a little bit. I just got really excited for this story, let me tell you. I have been in a writer's block for several months. I know I've said before that I know where this story is going and I have it all outlined, but if you write, sometimes you know that even an outline is not inspiration to finish writing a chapter/story. However, writing this chapter took slightly more than 24 hours from first creating the Word doc to publishing here. Right now, I want to say a huge thanks to reviewer Mia! I know you reviewed a super long time ago, and I've updated the story a couple times since then, but your review helped put me back on track with this story! And, if you like this story, even just a little bit, would you mind leaving a review? I love reading them, and they do push me to write and publish more chapters. As always, feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. I love reading comments and they really give me encouragement to continue writing. Also, thanks again to everyone who has reviewed and followed! Every email that I get saying the story has a new follower or review or favorite motivates me to finish another chapter! ~NightRider[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. The bus rumbled around the corner and prepared to stop at the little white house in the middle of the street. Connor had his head rested against the window and was prepared for the stop. He cleared his throat as he cast a glance across the aisle. Allie and Summer were sitting there, heads together as they poured over a notebook that was open on the former's lap. The two of them were on some sort of committee for fundraising at school and were looking over some proposed ideas for some mid-spring auction. As the sound, Allie glanced up. \"Oh, that's my stop!\" she said as she closed the notebook and stood up. A few rows ahead of them, another girl stood up as the bus squealed to a stop. Dalhia quickly made her way down the aisle and stairs, then practically flew up the front walk. The door slammed behind her before Allie was even halfway up the bus. She hesitated for a moment, apparently confused, then continued on. She gave a friendly goodbye to Mr. Flannigan and then made her way down the stairs. As the bus pulled away, she turned back to the street and waved at Connor. He smiled and waved back. There was suddenly a weight on the back of his seat. He looked up to find Cindy leaning over the top of the bench and smiling at him. \"What's up?\" he asked. \"Connor and Allie, sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" she began to sing cheerfully. Connor snorted and reached up to push her back into her own seat, but his smile didn't fade. Even though the thought that Allie and Charm could be one and the same occasionally popped up in his mind, he couldn't deny that the two of them had become pretty good friends. The weeks after she'd returned from her trip home, she was finally able to show him pictures of her horse. Though her eyes had teared up as she did, she hadn't cried. Three weeks out, Connor could tell that she was still struggling with the loss. Every now and then, when something reminded her of horses, he'd noticed her stiffen briefly and then slouch. He didn't quite understand it, because he'd never had a pet before. But he thought it might be somewhat like he'd felt the day his parents had dropped him and Jack off at Area 52 and never returned. The bus made a few more stops before his backpack buzzed. It took him a moment before he realized that it wasn't just his backpack buzzing, but also the rest of the team's around him. Summer pulled hers out of her bag at the same time Connor found his. \"Alright, guys,\" she said quietly. The rest of the team turned their attention to where she sat, getting as close as they possibly could to hear her read the message. \"Another break-in, this one in Los Angeles. Highest priority. We're to get off at Connor's house and the van should be there,\" her voice was quiet as she could be while still being heard. By the time she'd finished, the bus was already slowing to turn onto the street Jack's house was on. One glance out the front of the bus let Connor know the white unmarked van was already waiting for them in the driveway. The moment Mr. Flannigan began to slow, the entire team stood and rushed up the aisle. The driver gave them a questioning gaze as they all filed off, so Connor hurriedly came up with an excuse. \"We're having a surprise party for my brother tonight and they're gonna help me set up.\" The man merely shrugged and shut the door behind Connor as he hopped onto the grass of the front yard. The team waited until the bus had turned the corner before climbing into the idling van. As soon as the door was closed, Marsha began to brief them. \"Same group again,\" she said as she whirled the passenger seat of the van around. \"But this time, they made a mistake. They managed to take out most of the cameras except for two older models that are on a separate circuit from the newer ones. As of two minutes ago, the thieves were still there. Looks like there's four or five thieves inside with six hostages being held somewhere the cameras can't see.\" The partition came down between the cab and the passengers and immediately lit up with plans and news broadcasts. Around them, the different windows changed from the rolling desert to maps and the two camera feeds. Marsha tapped something on her tablet, bringing one of the feeds up on the main screen. \"These two cameras are usually video only recorded on VHS tapes. But a few weeks ago, the security department installed a device to be able to remotely monitor them. The device isn't even on any plans for the building, so that's probably why the thieves didn't loop them. This is the camera that monitors the main data farm.\" As the team watched, two grainy figures appeared on the screen. One of them was the woman Connor had fought at DataTech. The other was a man he didn't recognize, although the figure was turned partially away from the camera and leaning against one of the servers. The woman motioned with her hands at something out of the camera's view and a moment later the man also motioned in the same area. They stood there for a moment before moving out of the shot. \"That's about all we have for the moment,\" Marsha said as she briefly flicked to the second camera's feed. There was nothing of interest except a large metal door that was ajar. \"After the last mission, Jack thought it would better if he stayed away from piloting your transportation for a bit. So, we're going to meet them at base.\" The rest of the short trip was spent planning the team's strategy. They had determined that the best point of entry would be through the same side door the thieves had entered through. The alarm had already been tripped and Marsha had made sure it kept sounding. It would be the perfect cover for them to slip in. According to the camera's the thieves were staying near the main server room, which was near the middle of the building. If the police approached from the other exits, it would force the thieves back to their entry point, where the Zenith Team would be waiting. By the time the van pulled through the gate to Area 52, the team had their game plan down pat. Once they gained entry to the building, the team would stick together as they made their way to the main server room. Only Tucker would be left behind to guard the exit with a squadron of SWAT team members as backup outside. They had decided their main threats were the two that had put up the most fight in their previous encounter, the thieves called Flash and Nyx. It was assumed the one with computer skills, Byte, wouldn't put up too must of a fight. But the unknown thief they had seen on the camera feed earlier was the variable. His powers were unknown, and therefore posed a problem. After Nyx and Flash were taken out, he was the next target. And Charm would be saved for very last. The van screeched to a stop outside the hangar, and the team jumped out. Jack was leaned against the entrance waiting for them. As the team filed inside, he reached out and ruffled Connor's hair, smiling a little bit. \"Gotta admit, little bro,\" he said as he scrambled up on the platform beside Connor. \"It's good to have you back.\" Connor smiled and nodded, then proceeded to fill Jack in on the plan while Summer spun up the ship. It wouldn't take long for them to reach Los Angeles. The California National Guard had cleared them a space to land and the LAPD had managed to divert all the media away from the landing zone. The platform descended from the cool interior of the ship into the heat of southern California. Connor covered his eyes for a moment while they adjusted to the sudden brightness after nearly an hour in the dim cabin of the ship. He heard heels clicking across the metal platform then transitioning to pavement. Blinking, he realized Marsha was approaching a man who was standing in the outer ring of the LZ. By the man's appearance, Connor could only assume he was a commander or perhaps the chief of police. The team stepped off the platform and followed behind her. \"-released two of the hostages after a negotiator convinced the leader they were in need of medical attention,\" the man was saying as the team neared. \"They're both being checked out as we speak before being transported to UCLA medical center for treatment. We were waiting to see if any of your people wanted to speak to them.\" Marsha cast a glance over her shoulder, and Connor saw Summer shake her head subtly. \"No, I don't think we'll need to talk with them. Just get them the help they need,\" Marsha replied. \"Our team already has a plan in place, and all we require is the LAPD's cooperation.\" She went over their plan with the man, who merely nodded his head. He was silent for a moment before responding. \"That sounds doable. The only thing I would add is that we now know where the hostages are being held. They were locked into a maintenance hallway that runs alongside the server room. We'll have to ensure the hostages are safe before the fireworks start.\" \"That shouldn't be a problem,\" Jack explained as he stepped up beside Marsha. \"Your people can work on getting them out while the team distracts the thieves, Mr-\" \"Ah, forgive me,\" the man said. \"In times like these, occasionally formalities get lost. My name is Captain Julian Howard. I'll inform my men of their duties and we'll be waiting for further commands.\" He dipped his head in farewell and turned away from the team. The moment he was out of earshot, Dylan spun around to face his friends. \"Alright, everyone. This is it. This time, we can't let them get away. We all know the plan. Stick to it and try not to die. Now, let's do this.\" \"Nice pep talk,\" Tucker muttered as the team moved closer to the building. \"Thank,\" Dylan quipped. \"Gotta stay positive in times like these.\" Summer rolled her eyes and Connor smirked. It was good to know their fearless leader never lost his sense of humor. In front of them, the door the thieves had entered through sat ajar. Beyond, Connor could see the hallway illuminated by flashing red lights. Dylan stepped up to and slowly pushed the door open just as the backup SWAT team rounded the corner. The lieutenant nodded at them and Dylan returned the gesture. The officer tapped the button on the radio on his shoulder, \"It's a go.\" And just like that, the Zenith team was off. As Connor passed over the threshold, he heard several loud thuds echo through the building followed by a chorus of shouts. The team was running down the hallway when a loud crash shook the building. The wall beside them collapsed inward to reveal the smirking faces of the two thieves. Nyx and Flash. \"Well, well, look what we got here, sis,\" Flash drawled as he glanced at the woman next to him. \"A group of heroes. Didn't we kick their asses the last time?\" Nyx's smirk drew upward into a cat-like grin. Instead of responding, she clenched her fist, shadows curling around it. And just like that, the fighting began. Connor lunged at Nyx, hands outstretched to create a concussion. At the same time, Dylan jumped after the other thief, disappearing halfway only to reappear on Flash's shoulders a moment later. Connor felt the building shake again as his hair stood on end briefly. He ignored it, instead focusing on his opponent. She had dodged his first blast, but she couldn't avoid the swift kick he'd followed it up with. She flew back into a server. The housing cracked and gave way around her, but still the thief got up. In a split second, shadows gathered around the edge of Connor's vision, collecting over his face in an attempt to smother him. He clawed at them, but his gloves were too bulky to get a good grip. Just before they fully closed, the shadows scattered. Connor gasped for breath and saw Cindy hefting a metal desk above her head. He guessed she must have hit Nyx with the desk, because one glance told him she had created a crater in the opposite wall. Cindy seemed to have the situation handled for the moment, so he turned his attention to Dylan and Summer, who were engaged with Flash. The thief seemed to have the upper hand, as both of Connor's fellow teammates were breathing heavily. Dylan was favoring his left leg but was still managing to put up quite the fight and Summer's hair was standing on end. And yet Flash was beginning to wear them down. Connor put his hands to the floor and sent as large a blast as he thought he safely could in the thief's direction. It reached him just as he was side-stepping one of Dylan's punches. The sudden tremor caught the thief off guard, which allowed Dylan to hit him square in the stomach. That hit was followed by a swift kick to the legs, which brought Flash to his knees. Summer took over, using her telekinesis to pelt Flash with assorted items from the desks around the room while Dylan took a moment to rest his injured leg. Before he had the chance to check up on his team leader, Connor heard a shout from behind him. Turning, he found Cindy struggling against shadows trying to pin her against the wall. He moved to get a better shot at them when something crossed his peripheral vision. It was a young girl with long brown hair wearing a red jumpsuit. For a moment, he thought it was his old teammate Ace. But when he turned his head to look at her fully, he realized with a shock that it was Allie. She dashed across the back wall and between the servers, in sight for only a couple of seconds at a time. But it was unmistakably his friend. Connor remembered that Marsha had said there possibly being a fifth thief in the building. But he'd seen the school bus drop her off fifteen minutes before they'd arrived at Jack's house. There was no possible way for her to get here before them, even if she had a head start. Unless she was a Super like the rest of the thieves. Connor was pulled away from the figure of his friend when he heard an ear-piercing scream. He knew immediately who it was before he even looked in the direction of the sound. Cindy was nearly covered in shadows, frantically pulling one away from her face as another one took its place. In an instant, Connor was lunging toward her, tearing at the shadows and blasting them away from her tiny form. Having stalled Flash enough, Summer joined in, using her power to fling Nyx back into the wall. This time, the woman crashed all the way through into a hallway, where she began groaning in pain. The moment her hold on the shadows were broken, they began to slither away from Cindy. Connor caught her as she fell from the wall. She gripped his suit tight, sobbing in fear. He could only wrap his arms around her before stealing a glance in the direction Allie had taken. But she was nowhere to be found. Summer rushed over to the two of them, frantically asking if Cindy was alright. The younger girl could do nothing but sob and shake her head. The light caught bright red welts beginning to swell over her fair skin where the shadows had practically climbed their way up. They heard a grunt behind them, followed by a heavy thud. Whirling, Connor found Dylan lying in a crumpled heap on the floor. Flash was gone. A glance out the hole in the wall told Connor that Nyx was gone as well. Shouts echoed down the hallway as police swarmed the building, Marsha and Jack following closely behind. By the way the police were searching, it was easy to tell the thieves had gotten away again. As soon as she caught sight of Marsha, Cindy let go of Connor and ran to the older woman, who promptly began to console her. The building began to fill with more than just police officers. Firefighters and EMT's had bene on scene waiting for news of hostages and damages, and now that the scene was cleared of most dangers, it was their time to shine. Connor, Summer, and Jack worriedly watched as a group of EMT's gathered around Dylan. Once they were assured that he would be fine except for a few new bruises and sore joints, Summer turned on Connor. \"What happened?\" she asked, tone slightly accusing. \"I saw you looking off into the hallway instead of helping Cindy.\" \"I thought I saw someone,\" he responded. \"But I guess I was wrong.\" \"Yeah, well your 'guess' nearly got Cindy killed. You were turning to help her and then you just froze. If she hadn't screamed, I don't know if you would have helped her in time.\" They glanced back to where a female EMT was carefully examining the little girl. It looked as though she had mostly stopped crying, but Connor wondered if she had seen him freeze too. He didn't even need to see his brother to know the look Jack was giving him. There would definitely be a bigger discussion on this fight when they got back to base. But for now, Connor was only left with one worry. Allie was one of the thieves, and he had no idea what to do about it. Author's Note: Hello dear readers! I present to you that latest chapter of a story that I haven't updated in a while. And I do sincerely apologize for that. Really. I wanted y'all to have this chapter so badly that I have stayed up well past my normal bedtime. So I hope you enjoy! Life has this funny thing about getting in the way of goals sometimes. As I said in the AN when I updated the previous chapter, I am now engaged. In the past couple of months, my fiancé and I bought a house and then promptly realized that said house is junk and we're going to have to build elsewhere on the property. Plus, the previous owners left a bunch of stuff (read: junk) that we've slowly been cleaning out. So, the past several weeks have been endless evenings of cleaning. We still have a lot more to go, so updates on this story will probably be slower than they've been previously. I do, however, have a couple of future chapters already written out, it's just the minor matter of writing the 2-3 connecting chapters now. I want to send a huge thank you to everyone who has read this story so far. Trust me, every time I look at the story stats and see 10+ views in a day, I get really excited. And it pushes me to write again. Reviews help a lot too! It lets me know that there are people actually reading and enjoying the story that I've written. So, if you like this story, even just a little bit, would you mind leaving a review? And as always, feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. Thanks again to everyone who has read and reviewed and followed and favorited! Every email that I get saying the story has a new follower or review or favorite motivates me to finish another chapter! ~NightRider[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: Everything belongs to Columbia Pictures and to the writers and producers and whoever else I may have forgotten to mention. The only things I claim to own are my own characters and the plot of this story. P.S. For any fans of my Tales of a Not-So-Lone Wanderer, who get this alert, I apologize for taking the story down. I was getting tons of spam reviews and just got tired of deleting them every couple of days. It will probably go back up at some point in the near future. Now, onto the story! \"So, tell me again, what exactly happened during the mission when Cindy was injured?\" The psychologist asked as he leaned over his desk to peer at Connor. The teen sighed in frustration. The fight in Los Angeles had been three days before, and ever since Marsha had overheard his conversation with Summer, he'd been forced to recount the story several times. Marsha had obviously been the first person he'd talked to about it while in their post-mission debriefing. But she'd felt for some reason that they needed a second listen. And a third. And a fourth. Connor knew they were worried when they called in a second psychologist. He'd already gotten a verbal lashing from Jack for letting their most vulnerable team member get hurt because he was distracted. Summer – and Dylan once he had recovered enough- had lectured him on the importance on watching everyone's back during a fight. Dr. Grant and Marsha talked in hushed tones whenever he was around for training, probably because they were worried he was losing his mind. None of his other teammates had seen the fifth member of the thieves' group, and they probably thought he was hallucinating. At least Cindy didn't hold it against him. But she had been fairly quiet and reserved since the fight. \"I saw someone I know from my school,\" he finally responded. \"My story isn't going to change from what Dr. Holloway's notes say. One minute she was there, running between the servers, and the next, she was gone. During that time, one of the thieves got the upper hand over Cindy. I thought I saw another threat, so I didn't respond as quickly. I don't know what else to say.\" The doctor leaned back into his chair and hmmed. He cast a thoughtful glance over Connor, probably wondering if the superhero teen in front of him was actually fit for duty. After a moment's thought, the man stood up and walked over to a bookshelf that ran across the back wall of his office. He causally glanced at the titles for a brief second before reaching up and pulling out a dusty volume on the top shelf. \"Mr. Shepard, I'm going to be honest with you. I don't know what to think about your case,\" the doctor began to speak as he opened the book and flipped through the pages. \"All evidence points to there being only four thieves in the building that day. And none of them fit the description that you gave.\" Finding whatever he was looking for, the man turned back to Connor. \"This girl you saw, do you have contact with her at school?\" Connor nodded, but didn't say anything. The doctor continued. \"Do you have any problems with her? Does she make snide remarks, try to copy your homework, push you around? What I suppose I'm asking is, is this girl bullying you?\" \"Of course not!\" Connor replied angrily. \"She helped me on my first day of school and we're doing a project together for Physics class. She's my best-\" He broke off suddenly. Could he really have been about to say friend? He couldn't deny that it was true. When he'd first gone back to school a few months ago, he would never have thought he'd make a friend, let alone someone who understood him as much as Allie did. \"Interesting. It's possible that you have been under severe stress. Since you have quite a bit of contact with this girl, I believe your mind believed she was actually there during such a tense situation. It's not unheard of, Mr. Shepard. Your story has been consistent every time you've told it. There aren't any outrageous claims such as monsters or supernatural beings. It's my professional opinion that you are merely over stressed,\" the doctor set the book down on his desk and took up a pen and notebook. \"I'm ordering you a week off from training. I can't get you out of any homework you have from school, but it's my suggestion that you take it easy this week. Go home. Play some video games or read a book. Be a normal teen for a week.\" He finished writing on the paper and handed the slip across the desk to Connor. \"Dr. Grant and Dr. Holloway will have my official report by this evening. You're free to go.\" As soon as the words were out of the man's mouth, Connor was moving towards the door. Stress. Maybe it was stress. As he opened the door, his mind wandered back to the fight. It wasn't the first time he'd analyzed it in his mind. He was absolutely certain that Allie had been in that server room. He just couldn't figure out how she'd gotten there so quick. It wasn't like she could buy an alien spaceship on Amazon. Connor shoved the excuse the psychologist had given him into his pocket. He'd give it to Marsha as soon as he reached the training center, which was on the other side of the base. At this time of day since there weren't any emergencies or missions being carried out, there were very few people still working. Connor didn't run into anyone else until he was nearly to the training center. When he rounded the corner, he saw Marsha and Jack standing outside the door talking. Jack was leaned up against the metal wall facing Connor. When the older man caught sight of his brother, he immediately straightened. \"Well, that didn't take long, bro,\" he said as Connor neared. \"There wasn't anything to talk about,\" Connor replied sullenly. \"He said I'm just stressed and to take a week off.\" He pulled the crumpled excuse from his pocket and handed it to Marsha. Her eyes quickly scanned the paper before folding it neatly and slipping into the pocket of her lab coat. \"Well, that's good,\" she said, trying to keep the cheeriness in her voice. \"It'll give you some time to focus on your schoolwork. Not that you aren't doing well in school, I mean-\" She trailed off when she noticed Connor's scowl. Jack stepped in front of her and put a hand on Connor's shoulder. \"Look, I know it's not ideal, alright? But you'll be back here training with the rest of the team before you know it, and then you'll be looking back wishing for those days off. Trust me.\" Two weeks later, Connor really wished he'd spent more time playing video games. His week off had not been filled with as much relaxation as the psychologist had been hoping for. It had been the week before winter break, and every night, he'd been loaded down with several hours of homework. Jack had been working with the team at the base, so most nights, he'd been alone. And to top it all off, during every break time they had, Allie had been up at the barn preparing for a cattle show, leaving him mostly by himself. Winter break had been mostly uneventful. He'd slept in every day, but not having school meant that the team had some of their more tedious training. It started at noon every day and ended somewhere around eight in the evening. Connor knew it was training the team needed and he could see their improvement every day. But that still didn't mean he enjoyed it. And from the way the others acted, they weren't exactly fond of the rigorous training either. When Monday finally rolled around again, Connor was actually glad to be going back to school. First period had gone by mostly uneventful, except that Allie had been absent. He was almost painfully aware of the fact that her seat next to him was empty. He'd taken good notes, though, since he knew she'd probably need them when she got back. Second period English, though, was dragging on and on. Five minutes before the bell rang, Mr. Franks was talking about some project that they were going to be doing on Shakespeare that week. Connor had already completely zoned out. He was staring out the window at a bird in a nearby tree when a paper was smacked down on the desk in front of him. Startled, he jumped and looked up at the person. Dahlia stood over him, mouth twisting into a frown. \"What?\" he asked. She huffed. \"Did you not hear Mr. Franks give out the assignments?\" Connor could only shake his head. He hadn't realized the class was partnering up. \"Well, I'm your partner and we've been assigned a scene from Julius Caesar . Here's the instructions,\" she said, gesturing toward the paper. \"We've got all week to work on it.\" Connor picked up the paper and scanned over it. The assignment was to pick a scene from one of the playwright's more famous scripts and recreate it in some way. Glancing back up at his partner, he found her holding the bridge of her nose with her eyes closed. \"Look, I've got a drama club performance tomorrow night that I am totally stressing over. I don't have time to work on it until Wednesday, so do you want to try and make up that lost time after school?\" She opened her eyes again as the bell finally rang, giving him an expectant look. Connor nodded after a couple seconds. He didn't have anything planned for Wednesday afternoon. \"Here's my number. Just let me know if anything changes,\" Dahlia said as she handed him a piece of paper and immediately turned to leave. He stood there for a moment, slightly confused. The whole interaction had happened so fast, he wasn't sure what to make of it. The rest of the day passed relative quickly. He ate lunch with Summer and Dylan since Allie was still up at the barn. His teachers gave him the usual amount of homework, which really wasn't much. In Ag Science, there were only a few students missing. As he took his seat, it struck Connor just how few people were gone and that it felt more like they were merely absent and not on a school trip. The only difference was that Mr. Hayes was gone as well, leaving behind only a book assignment for the class to do. Connor finished it quickly and moved on to working on homework for other classes until the bell rang. And then another day of school was done. Wednesday evening came rather quickly that week. Connor stepped off the bus in front of the familiar house. Dahlia was a few steps ahead of him, already climbing up the stairs to the walkway. She turned and frowned when she realized he wasn't following her. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"Afraid of going into a stranger's house?\" Connor shook his head. \"No, it's just… I dunno, weird, not seeing your cousin here.\" The other teen rolled her eyes. \"Ugh, I should have known. I'm glad she's been gone for a couple of days. It's been nice and quiet without her computer constantly dinging. Now, let's get inside. I want to be done with this assignment.\" After a second more, Connor trudged up the steps after her, but her words replayed at the back of her mind, bugging him. Allie didn't seem like the type to be chatting with people on the internet. Hell, he hadn't ever even seen her text anyone except for family while she was at school. Dahlia's mom met them at the door, smiling as she welcomed Connor inside and offered him a plate of cheese and crackers. He took a couple and thanked her. Dahlia shouted something about working at the dining room table, so he followed her mother into a room to the right. \"Here you go,\" the older woman said as she gestured to a chair at the large table. \"She'll be out in a minute. I must say, I'm glad to finally meet you. Allie talks about you quite a bit.\" Connor felt his cheeks going red at her comment. \"She talks about me a lot?\" he asked carefully. The woman smiled. \"Of course. And I'm glad she's made a friend as good as you. It's been tough for her making friends with her being from so far out of town.\" Before Connor could respond, Dahlia walked into the room carrying a tablet and her English textbook. Her mother gave Connor another smile before telling them she would be in the kitchen making dinner if they needed anything. A few hours later, the two were already rehearsing the scene they'd chosen. Connor was portraying Marcus Brutus as he spoke to his wife Portia, who Dahlia was acting out. They'd written out a short script the modernized the original scene, blocked it out, and even discussed possible costumes. \"I'm not feeling that great, but it's nothing,\" Connor recited as he sat down heavily in one of the dining room chairs. Dahlia frowned as she knelt in the floor beside him, hands drooping across his shoulders. \"It can't be nothing,\" she quipped. \"Or else you would have already done something about it. This isn't like you.\" He turned, cupping her face with a hand. \"Don't worry, my dear, I am-\" Connor froze, struggling to remember the line they'd written out. When he couldn't find it, he shook his head. \"Sorry, I guess I'll have to work on that.\" \"Definitely,\" Dahlia said, her concern melting away as she switched from acting to reality. She tapped the tablet sitting on the table and glanced at the time. \"What time was your brother coming to pick you up again?\" \"Soon. He just sent me a text telling me he was on his way,\" Connor replied as he began to pack up his notebook. \"Speaking of texts, have you heard anything from Allie? I was just wondering how the cattle show was going. It feels like she's been gone for a while.\" He heard a snort and turned to find Dahlia rolling her eyes. \"She texted mom this morning to let her know she'd gotten some kind of award, top class or something. It was short, though. Typical. Her texts have just been getting short and shorter lately. Just one of several weird things she's been doing lately.\" Immediately, Connor thought back to his partner's earlier comment on her dinging laptop. \"What do you mean?\" Dahlia quirked and eyebrow. \"What, haven't you noticed? Some things she tries to hide, but she's not very good at it. The random injuries, like cutting her hand or a black eye like she's been fighting someone, and skipping school a lot . One time she told my mom she had cattle showing practice after school, but I asked her teacher about it one day and he had no clue what she was talking about. Apparently, their practices didn't start until two months ago. And don't even get me started on her sneaking out late at night!\" \"She's sneaking out? That doesn't sound like her,\" Connor blurted before he could stop himself. It just really didn't seem like the Allie he knew. But as he thought, he wondered if he really knew her that well at all. They were friends at school. He knew she only lived with her aunt and uncle for part of the year. She had horses and lived on a huge farm somewhere in the country. Her favorite lunch food was pizza and she deeply disliked the school principal. That was all he really knew about her. \"I guess you don't know her as well as you think you do,\" was the reply. \"Listen, I don't know you that great and you really have no reason to believe me on this, but I know she's only being so nice and paying attention to you so that you'll stay in the Ag Society. Principal Paliento told them they needed more people to join or it wouldn't count as a club anymore. I've heard he's already got plans to turn the school farm into a fieldhouse for the football team.\" He was dumbfounded. Dahlia was right, he had no reason to believe that what she was saying. But something about the way she said it made him think it was true. Allie had been nice since she learned he was in agricultural science with her his first day there. Almost too nice. She even risked getting a detention to help him that first day. He glanced back up at the other teen, who was eyeing him carefully. Her eyes shone with fear. \"You're not going to tell her about this, are you? If she thinks I told you anything, she would kill me. And I'm not joking. She is great at digging up dirt on people and using it to her advantage. Honestly, it wouldn't surprise me if she has something on you.\" \"She has information on me?\" Connor frowned. The way Dahlia was looking at him and the worried look that covered her face slightly terrified him. Things were beginning to fall into place, little bits and pieces that he'd noticed about Allie's behavior since the day they'd first met. Dahlia nodded, then glanced out the window to the street before looking back at Connor. \"She's supposed to be coming home tonight… But come with me.\" She turned and hurried out of the room, and Connor followed. Down the hall they went, until she stopped in front of a door with a 'Cattle Crosssing' sign. Again, Dahlia cast a glance toward the end of the hallway before opening the door and motioning Connor inside. He immediately recognized it as Allie's room. The bed sat against the wall to his right and the wall above it was covered in pictures of horses, rural landscapes, people he didn't recognize and the girl herself. The room was otherwise sparsely decorated, except for a few trophies and knickknacks on the dresser and nightstand. Her desk sat underneath a window on the wall opposite the door, and in the center of the desk was a silver MacBook laptop. Dahlia moved across the room and opened the computer. It began to power up, and with every passing second, Dahlia seemed to be getting more and more jittery. Finally, the login screen appeared, and she carefully began to type on the keyboard. Connor coked an eyebrow as he watched. \"How do you know her password?\" he asked, suddenly suspicious. \"It's the name of her horse, the one that passed away recently, plus her parent's anniversary and her initials. I've seen her put it in several times,\" she responded. A moment later, the screen changed to a picture of Allie standing beside a horse. She was holding it a with rope and smiling as the horse nuzzled her shoulder. Before he could take a closer look at the screen, Dahlia had already clicked the icon to bring up the files screen. The colorful wheel rotated briefly before the screen loaded. There were a ton of files, everything from pictures of people he didn't recognize to school reports. Dahlia scrolled down until she found what she was looking for, then clicked on a file named 'School Stuff.' When it loaded, Connor crossed the room and leaned down to get a better look. The folder was full of documents labeled with names of people at school, people that they had class with plus several teachers. The one that caught his eye as Dahlia scrolled down, however, was one labeled 'Zenith.' \"Hold up,\" Connor hissed, pointing to the file. \"What's that?\" Barely a second later, the document loaded onto the screen in Pages. The names of the Zenith Team were listed in alphabetical order. Each name had a picture to accompany it along with a long paragraph of information about each person. Summer, Dylan, Cindy, Tucker and even Jack and Marsha were all there. All of their known powers, training schedules, addresses, class lists, and anything else important about them was laid bare in front of Connor. He stared at his own picture, second on the list under Cindy's smiling portrait. As he read through the document, he began to realize that the information wasn't just made from observations. Some of it was classified information, like the details about his return to the dimension. Involuntarily, he shuddered as the realization hit him. This was information taken from the base itself. That was what had been stolen from the server farms. Allie was one of the thieves. It took everything he had not to smash the computer in front of him with a blast. He was seething. She had lied to him. She had made him believe she was his friend ! Shaking, he turned to Dahlia. She took a step back when she saw the look in his eyes. \"Don't let her know that you've seen this,\" he said, voice low. \"She is very dangerous, and if she finds out you know, there's no telling what she might do. Do you understand me?\" Dahlia nodded her head, eyes wide in fear. He knew she probably had never meant to stumble onto this shitstorm. Connor's phone dinged, letting him know Jack had arrived. Turning, he closed out of every open window and shut down the computer. He jerked his head to let his companion know that they needed to leave. They made a hasty exit, and it wasn't until they had made it back to the living room that Connor felt he could breathe a sigh of relief. As he gathered up the rest of this things and began to say goodbye to Dahlia and her mom, he heard a car pulling up into the driveway. The three of them stepped out onto the front porch. Connor waved to Jack before glancing over at the truck that had just pulled in. He recognized as the truck that had picked Allie up from his house the day they had worked on their project together. The thought made him tense up again. She had been to his house ! That lying little- His thoughts were interrupted by a second car door slamming shut. \"- and when he bumped it, the bucket on the top came tumbling down and spilled all the dirty water all over Dean's freshly cleaned and fluffed heifer! He was so mad, but everyone else thought it was hilarious!\" Allie laughed as she came around the front of the truck. She laughed again before looking up towards the porch. Her face scrunched up in confusion when she realized Connor was there. \"Hey! What are you doing here?\" she asked as she approached. \"Are you and Dahlia working on a project?\" \"Yeah,\" he replied gruffly. She was the absolute last person he wanted to see. \"I've got to go home.\" With those final words, Connor stepped off the porch and walk to where Jack was waiting in his car. He didn't wave. He didn't even say hello to his brother as he slipped into the passenger seat and buckled up. All he wanted to do was to be left alone in his thoughts as they drove home in silence. Author's Note: Hello dear readers! I know it's been a spell, but I am glad to finally have gotten this chapter published finally! And now we know the big secret: Allie is Charm. Or is she? Dun dun dun! But really, y'all, I hope you enjoy this chapter. I'm not fond of how it jumped around a lot, but I knew I wanted the bulk of the action to happen toward the end of the chapter and I just had to get through to it somehow (plus this one ended up really, really long at 3,800+ words). I may eventually come back and rewrite it to help it flow a little better, but I want to get the rest of the story out before I do that. As of the publishing of this chapter, there are only about 6 to 7 chapters left. A couple of them are already written (I was so excited about them that they've been put together for awhile now.) An update from the previous author's note: my fiancé and I are currently rebuilding the house, so I'm having to write when I get free time, and honestly, there's not a lot of it going around right now. The next chapter should be somewhat shorter, so I am hoping to have it out within the next couple of weeks/months. We're gonna have some excitement in the next chapter, so stay tuned for the next installment of Hero: A Zoom story! I love it when readers leave comments and favorites and alerts! Y'all, the readers, are what make me want to write and create. Every time I check the traffic stats on this story and see that people are actually clicking on it to read, I just get so excited. Thank you to everyone who has stuck it out on this (very) long journey and to everyone else who is just joining in! If you like this story, even just a little bit, would you mind leaving a review? And as always, feel free to message me if you have any thoughts/ideas/concerns/etc. Thanks again to everyone who has read and reviewed and followed and favorited! Every email that I get saying the story has a new follower or review or favorite motivates me to finish another chapter! ~NightRider ","Summary":" Story Title: Hero Chapter Title: A New Dawn Author: NightRider9 Summary: Connor is finally deemed s"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Summer Jones: Diary of a Freak","Author":"Ilovereadingtoomuch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10041622","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone. I just adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. The first 7 chapters are all this persons, and so is the summary. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. I was always known as the freak, the weirdo, the one with no friends, no one to understand what I was going through. I, Summer Jones, am a telepath, I can feel what people are thinking by touching them, and move objects with my mind. I can't explain how I got these powers exactly. My parents are normal humans, Mom's an interior designer, Dad's a dentist. Usually it's the parents that embarrass the kids, but now I embarrass my mom and dad, because nobody else we know can move stuff with their mind. My mom liked to call it \"gifted\", and then try to quickly change the subject back to something better. But that's only an excuse, one that I don't think even reassures them. I know they still love me, like any child, I just wish I wasn't such an embarrassment. It's so bad, that it eve happens at school. It isn't unusual to be a socially awkward teenager, being uncomfortable with your looks, unless you're one of the beautiful people, the jocks and the cheerleaders, however, that's not quite the case for me, it's worse. That's right, my \"freaky gift\", has made the gossip of the entire student body. Though none of them have actually seen me do it, it's all about being a teenager, whenever they get word of something embarrassing, be it still being dropped off by your parents and they yell, in front of the entire school, the nickname that you had since you were a baby, or that you have a freaky super power, they will just eat it up. The cheerleaders took every chance they could to make fun of me, along with almost everyone else, really. Basically, you could say that I am at the very bottom of the food chain, even the science club is more popular than me. I am an outcast in my own school, the one that sits at the back of the class, low in my seat, my long res hair hiding my face as I doodle miserably on my notebook, praying not to be called on, for any chance of more embarrassment. My reputation as the freak is also affecting my social status, from the first day it was known that I was \"gifted\", the popular girls had spread it like wild fire, and by the end of the day, my reputation was set. They had set me at the bottom of the social food chain, meaning that I was below everyone else, and that anyone that tried to befriend me would instantly drop to the bottom, and being in high school, being at a good point on \"the social latter\" was one of the most important thing for a teenager. So yes, that means I have no friends. Don't get me wrong, I had friends when I was younger, two girls, Miranda and Alice, been with me through preschool through junior high, however, high school changes you, and also does freaky, supernatural powers. They just didn't understand when they knew, but also they were angry to think that I hadn't told them first, but that's exactly why, it wouldn't have gone over well, even if I had told them. As for the subject of boys, it's basically the same. As if being socially awkward was bad enough, which I also am, but even if I try talking to a boy, my powers are always the \"elephant in the room\". Sure, at first some of them seem to be interested, however, the cheerleaders always seem to step in, I've read the words \" freak \" on their lips too many times to count, and that usually makes them retreat. There was even one instance, where one boy came to talk to me, Kyle Roberts, the most popular boy in school, and star football player had come over, and started chatting casually with me. It took me by surprise that he would even consider talking to me, being in the group that had started my unwanted reputation, but nobody else was lining up to talk to me, so I would take it no matter what. Anyways, just as we were talking, the subject of dating came up, and so did the matter if my power. He said, \"Do you want to do something Friday night? he asked, and I couldn't help but let a smile spread across my face. \"Really?\", I asked, not really believing that this was really true. \"Yeah, sure,\" he said, and I truly thought it was a genuine invitation. I was so excited, not even caring that the cheerleaders were whispering more intently as I passed them in the hall. Finally, the night of the dare had arrived. I was supposed to meet him at the park at 7 o'clock. I remember it was cold that night, so I wore my tight jeans and my cute little v neck, white sweater top. My hair was braided nicely, and I wore a little make up, not much because I didn't want to seem trampy. I waited and waited, even when the night got colder as it got later, my excitement just kept me going, I also must admit that the thought of Kyle's arms wrapped around me was also keeping me going, I am a girl after all. It was eight-thirty by the time that my excitement had now turned to frustration and worry, even suspicious when I heard the bushed start to rustle, and whispering. I was about to run away when I was suddenly blinded by a flash on a camera, and as I stumbled to try and regain my composure, I heard girls giggling uncontrollably. Rubbing my eyes, I was met by two of the cheerleaders whom hated me, Britney and Rachel, a camera held in Britney's hand, both with tears in their eyes as they laughed. \"Oh, my God. I told you she'd fall for it,\" Britney said through her giggles. I watched them, confused and scared all at the same time, once they calmed down, they notices my confusion. \"AW. Rachel, she doesn't get it,\" Britney teased, \"Shall we enlighten her?\" she giggled, they laughed at their own joke, leaving me even more confused. \"Kyle was never coming to meet you, honey,\" Rachel clued me in, \"This was a set up,\" she said bursting out laughing, along with Britney, as their words came over me, so did the tears of embarrassment and rejection came as well. Once they noticed this, it only made them laugh harder, \"AW. The poor little freak,\" Britney teased, \"Nobody loves her.\" \"Nobody will ever love her,\" Rachel spat through her giggles, making the pain already in my heart, suddenly burst through and that was the point when all my emotions went out of control, closing my eyes, wishing the pain away, and all my thoughts intent on revenge. Suddenly, the girls' shrieks of laughter turned into shrieks of terror, opening my eyes to see my two enemies flying through the air, and land into another set of bushed farther away. That's when I just ran home, the tears spilled from my eyes, willing the world and everyone else away, bursting through the door to my house and ignoring my mother's false concern as I ran up to hide in my room. As suspected, the picture was sent around the school the very next day. My horror stricken face, tears lining my eyes, was plastered all over the walls, on most of the lockers and even in some of the classrooms, the snickering and teasing had intensified and I spent most of the day in hiding, eating lunch in the bathroom stall, and remaining in the corner through every class. I am unwanted, unloved, and it sucks. Life couldn't get any worse, or so I thought. It was one of the many horrible days at school, and I had walked home alone, as usual. Entering my hose, I called for mom and dad, seeing them coming out of the living room, smiles plastered on their faces. \"Honey, there is someone I want you to meet,\" Dad said, taking hold of my arm. I was skeptical, but I followed anyway. Once we entered the living room, I noticed two men in lab coats, sitting on the couch next to my mom, whom smiled as I entered. \"What's going on?\" I asked, looking between my mom and dad. One of the men got up from the couch with a smile on his face, \"Summer Jones, we know about your powers,\" he said, \"Your ability to move things with your mind,\" he continued. I was scared at that point, what was going on? \"We need your help with something,\" the other one commented, also getting up from the couch. I couldn't help but be curious.[Chapter 2] Here is the next chapter. Just to remind you through chapter 7 all writing is from Dont-Stop-Believin. I adopted this story from her. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. I didn't know what to think when I first met Dr. Grant and his assistant. My mind was spinning, my heart was pounding, I was scared, excited and curious all at the same time. I put a hand to my head, wishing everything would just slow down, my mom must have felt my frustration, coming over and placing a hand on either shoulder, \"It's alright, sweetie,\" she said softly into my ear, I was too distracted from my feelings that I didn't notice she was directing me to the nearest chair. \"Dr. Grant and his assistant, Mr. Ryan are only here to help you, Summer,\" my dad continues, once I was sitting comfortably in the chair, my dad took a hold of my free hand whole my mother had disappeared into the kitchen for a pre-offered glass of water. I started up at the elder man as he smiled down at me, \"Yes, like we said, we know about your abilities you can do with your mind,\" Dr. Grant said, him and his assistant sitting back down on the couch across from me. \"How?\" I said softly, I glared at them, watching their every move, I knew my dad was only holding my hand so that I wouldn't be able to run away and hide. I had no choice but to listen, but I kept my guard up, waiting for any opportunity. \"Have you been watching me?\" I asked, suddenly fearful that our home had been bugged for the past several weeks. \"Yes, we have, actually,\" Dr. Grant confirmed, and I could feel dad's grip on my hand get stronger. \"But only enough to know that you have extraordinary powers and we think that we might have a good use for them,\" Dr. Grant continued, glancing back at Dr. Ryan, whom smiled and nodded in agreement. My guard went up even more. \"What do you mean?\" I asked roughly, I narrowed my eyes on Dr. Grant for emphasis. I knew he felt my frustration by the way he cleared his throat to continue, \" Miss Jones, we're conducting an experiment. An experiment which has kids, like yourself, exhibiting their powers and the best four get to advance onto our special project.\" Obviously, by my facial expression, they could tell that I didn't get it, \"So, you want me to come with you, to god knows where, just so you can put me on display for science?\" I asked, using emphasis, I narrowed my eyes even more on Dr. Grant. \"No, you will come with us to our secret facilities and show some of our colleagues what you can do. Easy!\" he said, I rolled my eyed at his attempt at making emphasis on the secret facilities. \"Think of it this way sweetie,\" my mother interrupted, having chosen now to come back from the kitchen with the glass of water after who knows how long. \"You'll be with kids like you! You can make some new friends and Dr. Grant and his associates will take care of you. It sounds like fun, don't you think?\" my mother said, her face glowing with fake happiness, obviously trying to prompt me to go. I sighed in anger. \"And do I have a say in this?\" I snapped, looking between her parents, Dr. Grant and his assistant, all of whom had wide smiles on their faces. \"Of course you do, honey,\" my dad broke the silence. \"We just think this would be a great opportunity, for you, people here, just don't understand what your going through, and we feel that going through, and we feel that going with Dr. Grant and meeting kids with the same problems, would make you feel better, and realize your true potential,\" he continued. There was one line that struck a chord, \" People here that don't understand? And you think your any better than them? Forcing me to go with these strange people?\" I said, getting to my feet and staring them all down, \"Now I know exactly what's going on, Dad. You just want to get rid of me 'cause your embarrassed by me!\" I spat the last words out, and I watched as all the grown up's faces turned from bright smiling faces smiling faces to shock stricken in a matter of seconds. The tears that were pooling in my eyes finally ran down my face, and I turned quickly on my heel, hoping they hadn't seen the tears, and bolted from the room, trying to be careful not to trip in my haste. Reaching my room, I slam the door roughly, probably shaking the whole house in the process and flopped down on my bed, burying my tear stained face deep in my pillow and let them flow freely. Why were they doing this to me? What did I do to deserve this curse? I hate it. I hate THEM! I hate my life! It wasn't long before I heard a soft knock on the door, and instantly I knew who it was. \"GO AWAY!\" I yelled, removing my face from my pillow to say that before burying myself in the pillow once more. Obviously, they ignore me because the next thing I knew I heard my dad, \"Summer, honey, are you all right,\" she could hear her dad's soft voice she gave a muffled response one would think can only take as no. A few moments later she felt the bed sink, and the one hand rubbing along her back, \"I'm so sorry, Summer,\" it was her dad again, she immediately lifted herself on one elbow to look at her worried parents through teary eyes. \"How could you!?\" she began before propping herself up to sit cross-legged before them, \"Do you hate me that much that you want to send me away with some scientists?\" she asked. She watched as her mom and dad shared a worried glance before continuing, \"No honey. We'd never hate you,\" her mother told her, coming to sit on the right side of the bed, while her dad took the other. \"It's the opposite. We love you so much and want to take care of you,\" her dad continued. Summer glanced down at the pillow she was playing with her fingers. \"But, what about my powers?\" she asked softly. \"I know you hate them. I hate them,\" she said, her voice growing softer as she spoke. Seeing her sadness, her mother handed her a tissue from the box on the night stand, and pushed some of Summer's red hair away from her face. \"Don't think like that, Summer,\" she began. \"You are a very special girl, and we have always thought of you as such, her mother continued. \"Then, why do you want to send me away?\" she asked, glancing between her mother and father fearfully. \"Summer, we just think it's best if your with kids in the same situation,\" her father continued. \"And these scientists know what they're doing, they can help you control your powers and meeting new people isn't a bad thing. You never know, they may become like a second family to you,\" Mrs. Jones explained with a small smile. Summer was silent as she thought about this, \"I guess,\" she said with a shrug, and a small smile of her own. \"We love you, and we only want what is the best for you,\" Mr. Jones said, taking Summer into his arms and rubbing her arm comfortingly. \"And we leave the decision entirely up to you,\" with this, her parents gave her a stern look, which meant, It's your decision, but you'll probably end up going anyway! A comfortable silence fell over the family of three. \"Please, Summer,\" her mother suddenly broke the silence. \"Just think about it. These people are only trying to help,\" her mother explained with a smile, causing Summer to mirror it. \"Alright, mom,\" she said with a chuckle as her mom kissed her hair and her dad gave her one last hug before getting to their feet and heading for the door. \"Thanks, Mom, Dad,\" she stated, before her parents made it out the door, Mr. and Mrs. Jones smiled lovingly at her before closing the door behind them.[Chapter 3] I adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. everything is hers through chapter 7. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. As I grumpily make my way down the stairs, I turned the corner to head into the dining room, only to find my mom and my dad seated at a table literally filled with various breakfast items; all different style eggs, toast, pancakes, bowls of fruit, cereals, juices, and syrup. I glanced up surprised at my parents, and watch me from either side of the table, overly–excited smiles spread across their faces, it was enough to make me roll my eyes. \"What's going on?\" I asked slowly, glancing between the two of them. \" Good morning, honey,\" my mom greeted me , making her way over to me. \" We thought you might like some hearty breakfast on your big day,\" she said happily, taking my arm and walking me over to the table. \" Hardy is not the word I would've used,\" I said to myself as I sank down into the chair. \" Really, honey. You'll need the nutrition for your training at the facility,\" she said, looking at me with a scolding eye. \"Right,\" I said, as she returned to her own seat to my left, and digging into her own plate of food. for a moment, I watched as my parents continued on, mom scarfing her breakfast, and dad sipping his coffee and reading the morning paper, just as if it was any other day. I looked down at my own plate, noticing that my mom already provided my favorites, chocolate chip and blueberry pancakes with syrup, but somehow, that did make me feel any better. Slowly, I picked up my fork and began to feed, and between the three of us, we kept up casual conversation, and it almost began to feel like normal again, we even shared a few laughs, just like normal. I was halfway through my pancakes when there was a knock on the door, dad folding up the paper and setting it down before getting to his feet, \"I'll get it,\" he called, disappearing into the other room. Mom and I shared a look, my smile disappearing and the tension seemed to have settled around the room. As I suspected, Dad returned with a smiling Dr. Grant at his side, I glanced over at dad as he walked into the room, and he looked as solemn as we were. \"Hello there, Summer,\" Dr. Grant greeted cheerfully, breaking the tension, \"Mrs. Jones, always nice to see you,\" he said, greeting my mother, whom I saw smile sadly up at him. \"Good to see you as well, Dr. Grant,\" she said, before silence once more settled into the room. Seeing me sitting at the table, Dr. Grant flashed me a friendly smile, \"Good morning, Summer,\" he greeted sweetly. I knew what he was doing however, he was playing up on trying to make friends with me, just so my parents wouldn't feel guilty about sending me away. I tried to flash him a look of distain through chewing my pancakes, though only my mother seemed to notice as she shot me one back, \"Summer, be nice!\" she whispered to me in a harsh tone as my dad chatted with Dr. Grant. Mom joined me at the table, and dad and De. Grant kept chatting at the counter a few feet away, in hushed tones so I couldn't tell what they were talking about, but I had a feeling it was about me. As I placed the last bite of pancake in my mouth, Dr. Grant and Dad finally acknowledged what I had been dreading since he and his assistant first mentioned it, \"Alright, we better be heading off soon to the Center. Big day ahead, Ms. Jones,\" he said sweetly, making me roll my eyes as I got to my feet and made my way over to the sink to wash my dish. \"He's right, Summer. You better get upstairs and finish getting ready,\" my mother added , sternly, obviously noticing my annoyance. \"Right, I'm going,\" I mumbled grumpily, having placed my dish on the sink and now heading towards the stairs, and finally made it back to my room. I instantly felt better, my room has always been my sanctuary since learning of my powers and being my escape when high school and life in general got too much to handle, though that would all change in mere hours. My mood turned sour at the thought of going to that facility with Dr. Grant, stuck in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of other kids just like me. Yeah right, it's probably like some detention center where they put bad kids away, I thought to myself with annoyance, stuffing dome more of my clothes into my duffle bag and a few other essentials that mom had laid out for me. After stuffing everything I think I needed into my duffel, which was more than a struggle than I thought, I zipped it up and took one last look around my room, making sure that I had everything I needed, but also for memory. It broke my heart to leave my little room behind. I'd miss the horrible faded blue and green floral print wallpaper my mother picked out, the desk in the right hand corner where I did my homework every night. I would also miss the warmth and protection of my bed, remembering how I always used to curl up in its sky blue sheets, pulling the deep purple comforter over my head and instantly feeling safe and protected from the world and all the people who judged me. I think I would miss that the most. And there was also Freddy, the teddy bear Mom and Dad gave me when I was five. I picked him up from his usual spot resting against my pillow, smiling sown at him. I would miss snuggling him every night, squeezing him tight whenever the tears streamed from my eyes, telling him all my fears, all that happened at school that day, my secrets and plans for the future, which usually involved an escape plan from this wretched place once I graduated. I know you must think I'm crazy talking to a stuffed toy, but to me, he was the closest I had to a best friend, I told him everything, and he was always there for me. Tears started pooling at my eyes as I thought back to all the memories, good and bad, I have of this place. I looked around my tiny room once more before down at Freddy with a sad chuckle. \"I'll miss you, Freddy Bear,\" I said softly, Freddy just smiled up at me. Feeling a few tears start to drip down my face, I hugged Freddy as tight as I could, as if this was all a bad dream and I would wake up any moment, safe and warm in my bed. \"Summer!\" my mother calling up the stairs to me suddenly brought me back to the present and my heart broke even more to know that this wasn't just some bad dream. \"Summer, hurry up! Dr. Grant doesn't have all day, dear,\" my dad also called up. And there goes the moment, my tears and heartbreak suddenly replaced with anger and annoyance at my parents once more trying to guilt me. \"I'm coming!\" I called back, wiping the tears from my face and eyes and picked up my bag throwing it over my shoulder. I was starting out the door when I suddenly remembered Freddy, thrown on his side on the bed in my annoyance. Hurrying back, I placed him back against my pillow, taking a moment to smile at him, before placing two fingers against my lips, and then placing them against his thin ones for a kiss. \"See ya, Freddy,\" I said sadly, with a half-smile, before hurrying out of the room, shutting the door behind me with a snap. Hurrying down the stairs, my parents and Dr. Grant waiting at the door soon came into view. Dr. Grant had already told us that neither of my parents could drop me off, because the location of the facility had to remain a secret, it was bull if you ask me. I stopped before the three of them, I was surprised to notice that my parent had tears sparkling in their eyes. \"Oh, sweetheart,\" my mother cooed, suddenly pulling me into a tight embrace, totally catching me off guard as she started to sob in my ear. \"I'm going to miss you so much!\" she sobbed into my ear, though strangely, I could understand her. Just as quickly as she pulled me in she held me at arm's length, \"We're doing this because we love you, you understand that right?\" she asked, looking me in the eye with a look so serious I wasn't sure if I was believing it at first. Though I could feel my heart beat faster as her words started to sink in, and I knew that she was more serious now than I have ever seen her in her entire life. As much as I know that my parents are ashamed of me, I knew deep down that they really did care and love me, and were only sending me away for my own good, and that all seemed to come out in this very moment I could feel the tears starting to prick at my eyes once more as a smile slowly spread across my face, \"I know, and I love you guys too,\" I said, Dad, who had been standing by touched my shoulder lovingly. \"Oh, and we got you a little something to remember us by,\" my mom said softly, sniffling back the tears that had already started to spill. I watched as Dad pulled a rectangular, deep purple velvet box from behind his back and handed it to me. I smiled as he placed it in my hands, glancing up at them with curious eyes. Earning back smiles from both of them, I opened the lid to reveal a single sparkling silver chain. I smiled down at it, it was the most beautiful thing my parents had ever given me, and it would always remind me of their love for me, which at the thought, brought more tears to my eyes. \"Thank you, I love it,\" I said softly, closing the lid and smiling up at them, suddenly grabbing them in a tight embrace, a smile spreading across my face as I felt them both hug me tighter. The moment was suddenly broken as Dr. Grant cleared his throat, \" I'm sorry to break up this lovely family moment,\" he spoke guiltily, the three of us finally breaking apart and turn to look at Dr. Grant standing awkwardly in the corner. \"But we are, regrettably, on a tight schedule, Ms. Jones,\" he said, trying to sound professional though we all knew that the previous touching moment had gotten to him too. I nodded slowly as I picked up my bag from where I had thrown it on the floor and threw it over my shoulder, now turning towards the door. \"Have fun, sweetheart,\" my mother said, opening the door for myself and Dr. Grant, whom followed closely behind me, \"Make lots of new friends.\" Though we didn't have a very big lawn, the walk to where Dr. Grant's silver colored Toyota was parked out front suddenly seemed like walking a hundred miles, leaving my old dreary life behind, for an unknown knew one. I heard mom bidding goodbye as I dropped my bag on the floor of the front seat, the jewelry box still clutched in my hand. I turned, seeing my parents waving vigorously at the front door, I put on a smile and waved back, \"Bye! Love you both,\" I called back, before ducking into the Toyota and shutting the door with a snap. I could already feel the tears start to well up as the little car rumbled to life. With a heavy sigh, I glanced back out the window, and watched as my parents continued to wave as Dr. Grant pulled the car away from the curb and started down the road, watching sadly as my parents slowly disappeared. An uneasy silence fell over Dr. Grant and I as I settled back into my seat, once more opening up the velvet box in my hand and looking down at the silver chain with teary eyes. \"Don't worry, Summer,\" Dr. Grant broke the silence between us. \"This is the experience of a lifetime. You won't regret it, I promise,\" he said, shooting me a friendly smile in an attempt to comfort me. I merely rolled my eyes as I closed the box over. \"Thanks,\" I said softly, turning to look out the window once more. It was then that I decided that I would have to toughen up, I couldn't show weaknesses, I was already acting too vulnerable in front of Dr. Grant. Even though my parents told me to make friends, I would have to be on my guars at the center. Even though these kids may be \"freaks\" like me, doesn't mean they necessarily will be my friends, god only knows they could be as the normal kids at my school. No, I will keep my guard up, be strong. Life here has taught me one thing; if I don't let anyone in, there is no chance that I will get hurt again, no reason to cry, and I will not let that happen again. New place, new life, new and stronger Summer Jones.[Chapter 4] I adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. Everything through chapter 7 is hers. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. The car was dead silent as we continued down the road, my house had disappeared not an hour ago and I barely spoke a word to Dr. Grant, opting to stare blankly out the window, watching as the cars zoomed by on this sunny Saturday, angry tears pricking at my eyes. Of course, I missed my parents already, but I was still angry over what they were making me do. I mean, who ships their daughter off to a \"superhero facility\"? It's probably some mental institution or something, knowing my luck. Despite my quiet demeanor, Dr. Grant tried hid best to get me to have a conversation with him. \"Are you excited about coming to the facility?\" he inquired, turning his head in my direction, but keeping his eyes on the road. \"Not really,\" I said quietly, not taking my eyes off the scenery. \"It feels more like a death sentence,\" I spat. \"Now, now. I know its hard to leave your parents and your friends,\" he tried to console, I rolled my eyed at his attempt, that would require friends. \"But I'm sure that once you see the facility, and meet all the new kids, you are going to love it! I'm sure of it!\" his voice grew in excitement. \"Doubt it,\" I mumbled grumpily, becoming more and more irritated as he began describing the place and all the things we would be learning or whatever. After a while of hearing Dr. Grant yack on about whatever, having already given up after an hour of trying to stimulate a conversation with me, I was thankful when he finally turned on the radio to fill in the silence. My heart leapt as one of my favorite songs started blasting throughout the car, and I finally felt like I could relax. Sighing deeply, I relaxed my head against the window and I could already feel my eyes getting droopy. Oh well, watching cars was getting boring anyways, and I could probably use a little nap. However, it was not such a peaceful nap as I would have liked. In fact, it was a terrible nightmare: We arrived at the facility for the gifted kids or whatever it was called. I glanced up at the huge white, plain looking building as we pulled into the long, dusty drive. The building seemed to grow rapidly as we got closer and closer, finally stopping in what looked like a makeshift parking lot, like one you might see at a beach, no marked lines, but cars seemed to always find a spot. I couldn't take my eyes off the enormous building as Dr. Grant killed the engine. It was bigger than I could have imagined. With a sigh, the older man turned towards me with a kind smile, \"Last stop. Everyone out!\" he said with a chuckle, as if he was trying to lighten the situation with a joke, though it only made my irritation for him grow that much more. I watched as he got out of the car, and made his way to the trunk to retrieve my stuff, the car suddenly feeling very empty without him. \"You'll be fine, Summer. Don't be stupid,\" I tried to console myself, and after a moment of deep breathing, I pulled the door handle open with a still shaky hand and hopped out of the car. Dr. Grant came to meet me at the front of the car, and handed me my stuff with a smile. \"Ready?\" he asked, though it felt like a rhetorical question. I sighed, \"Ready as I will ever be, I guess,\" I said softly, Dr. Grant and I started walking towards the looming building, to my doom. I couldn't take my eyes off of it, fear growing inside of me. After what felt like years, we finally made it to the door, my heart beat seemed to pick up as a middle aged man dressed in a white overcoat came to meet us at the door. \"Hello, Dr. Grant,\" he greeted with a smile, whom nodded politely though I didn't catch his name. \"This is Summer Jones,\" he introduced me, placing a firm hand on my shoulder, but it didn't make me feel any less terrified. \"She is our new student,\" he said, the man turning towards me now with an ominous looking smile, my heart picked up immensely. \"This way, Miss Jones,\" he said, the ominous smile still plastered on his lips. I was so scared that I couldn't move my feet, I couldn't move any part of my body for that matter. After a moment, I could feel Dr. Grant place a firm hand on my back and gently push me forward, \"Go with the nice man, Summer,\" he said, now also sounding ominous, which only increased my worry, and I was beginning to shake all over. The older man reached out and took my shaking arm, \"Don't worry, Dr. Grant. We will take care of her,\" he said, not taking his eyes off of me, nor did the smile falter. Like a resisting child, he pulled me forward, and down the forever long hallway, my feet dragging against the cement floor as I was pulled along, zombie-fied. As we walked, there were many other people dressed in white overcoats, though I could not see any of their faces, whether it was I was so terrified or because they didn't want me to see their faces, I didn't know. Finally, we came to a large gray door, the man pulling the door open with his free hand, before turning back to me with that evil smile. \"Go on in, Miss Jones,\" he said slowly. Again, I could not move, however, when I looked inside the room, it looked pitch black, despite the light now streaming in from the hallway. After a long moment, I felt the man place a hand on my back, and before I could protest, pushed me inside. I stumbled into the darkness, somehow recovering my footing surprisingly quick, and went to turn back to protest to the man, however, he had shut the door with a loud bang leaving me in the dark. \"Hello?\" I called into the darkness, feeling like it was the only thing to do. As if answering my call, the lights flicked on, momentarily blinding me, and I tried shielding my eyes. Once I recovered, I suddenly could not feel the cotton of my shirt or the jeans against my legs. Confused, I looked down and was shocked to now see me dressed in a white jumpsuit with short sleeves like a shirt, and what looked like matching slippers on my feet. What is going on? In my confusion I glanced around the now brightly lit room, and was even more shocked to notice there was now a steel table in the middle of the room, large computer monitors and other technical looking stuff surrounding the table in a half moon shape. It kind of reminded me of a surgery room with the glass roof where you can watch the surgery from, like from the Simpsons. \"What's going on? Where is everyone?\" I asked into the darkness, and again, as if answering me, another light flicked on, this time outside the room, to reveal Dr. Grant, and two other people dressed in the white overcoats viewing me through the glass of another room above this one. \"Don't worry, Summer. It will all be over soon,\" I heard Dr. Grant speak through the microphone in front of him. Before I could question him, two big guys, now dressed in black jumpsuits suddenly grabbed me out of nowhere, and began forcing me towards the metal table, their large hands wrapped tightly against my tiny arms. I tried my best to resist, scream anything that would help me get loose or stop them however, they all, even Dr. Grant, ignored my protests and soon I found my arms, legs and even head strapped to the metal table with large leather straps. My heart was pounding in my ears, a cold sweat dripped down my face and down my arms as I waited for something to happen. Dr. Grant suddenly appeared beside me. \"This is all for the best, Summer,\" he smiled down at me, though this time, it didn't help any. \"What are you going to do to me, you sick freak!\" I shouted, letting all my anger out. \"Well, you see Summer. I am a scientist, and when I recently discovered that certain children had developed these unique abilities, I had decided to inspect this, to bring them here, and study them,\" he said, though I didn't like any word of it. \"Study?\" I asked, scared of his meaning. A smile grew across his face, and that is when it dawned on me, the real reason I was here. \"So, you lock on the special ability kids, gain their trust and then lead them here to dissect them?\" I accused, horrified. \"Dissect is such a horrible word. I like study better,\" he said, chuckling. I began squirming more now, hoping my sweaty body would somehow slip out of one of my restraints, but to no avail. \"Start up the machine!\" I heard Dr. Grant yell to someone else in the room, and instantly the silence was broken by a large buzzing sound, something that sounded like a table saw or something. Hearing the buzzing getting louder and louder, I kicked up my escape plans and struggled more fiercely. I groaned as I still found myself unable to slip out, dang these guys tightened the straps well! Really well! Suddenly, a large half laser, half saw looking machine came into view and my heart seemed to drop into my stomach. This was it, I was going to die, there was nothing I could do but pray. As the death machine slowly loomed closer, I shut my eyes tight in anticipation, my thoughts turned to my parents, the image of them waving goodbye from the open doorway to our house, tears in their eyes. I love you, Mom and Dad! \"This will all be over soon, Summer!\" I heard Dr. Grant say slowly. \"This won't hurt a bit.\"[Chapter 5] I adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. Everything through chapter 7 is hers. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. We arrived to the facility late in the afternoon, and to my relief, it was not as humungous as in my dream. It was still a large white building, larger than what I thought it would be, and like my dream, there were people dressed in white overcoats traveling all over the place. Though when we passed by, most of them flashed me a friendly smile, the others seemed to be too busy to notice us, which was fine by me. When we'd arrived, one of the lab coats had taken my stuff and disappeared with it somewhere in the building. Dr. Grant and I continued down the hall. \"Now, you will have to go through auditions,\" Dr. Grant told me as we walked down the long hallway. \"Auditions? I thought I was already in?\" I asked, confused. Didn't my mother say that these people could help me? \"Oh, it's to see what special skills you have and are what we are looking for,\" Dr. Grant said, trying, to console me, but it only made me even more confused. What they were looking for? Were they looking for a specific freak of nature? Something about superheroes? I could feel Dr. Grant push me down towards the left of the hall, towards a large gray door, kind of like the same in my dream, my heart beat sped up a little. \"You should meet the new recruits. Get to know some of them,\" he said, one hand holding the door open and the other pushing me through. \"They may become your teammates someday,\" he said with a smile, before closing the door over. I stared blankly at the shut door for a moment, processing the doctor's words, before turning to the rest of the room, half filled with kids, some the same age as me, some younger. I stood there for a moment, taking in my new surroundings; it was a large white room, white walls, white tiles, a large faced clock hung on the wall to my left, some of the younger kids were busy playing with some toys I guessed the facility provided. To my right, there was a large wooden table, where a mixture of older and younger kids were discussing something while working on something on some pieces of paper in front of them. I'm guessing that it was either math, or mental exercises? Or coloring? Across from me I could see another gray colored door, which must have led to the interrogation room. The rest of the kids were either pacing around nervously or conversing in groups. Very few of them looked up as I walked in, so I was barely noticed as I started walking towards the middle of the room, as I did so, some of the conversations caught my attention; they were talking about what their abilities were, and I had to admit, some of them sounded kind of impressive, which only made me all the more nervous. Finally somebody noticed me, \"Hey, new girl!\" somebody called through the room, my attention now focused on wherever the voice came from and not where I was going, when suddenly I bumped into something hard. I stumbled back, more in shock than in pain, I looked in the direction of whatever I had bumped into, only to find nothing before me. However, before I could inquire, a tall boy with shaggy long hair suddenly materialized before me, also seemed to be in shock. \"I-I am so sorry about that,\" his deep voice rang with sympathy in my ears. I looked up at him, he was way taller me, but about my age. His long, dirty blond hair hung around his ears and his green eyes looked over me with concern. I had to admit, he was pretty cute, and my cheeks began to flush at the thought, especially with his eyes still raked over me, concerned that he had hurt me. \"No, don't worry about it. I'm fine,\" I consoled him, shining him one of my brightest smiles, which he seemed to return. There was a long moment of silence, the two of us baring down on each other like a couple of idiots, which made me blush more. Finally when I came to my senses, I extended my hand, \"I'm Summer Jones,\" I said, trying to get my voice under control, to no avail, for to my ears, it still came out shaky. I earned a chuckle from the boy, before he took my hand in his larger one. I could feel the sparks as we touched, however, I tried to ignore them. \"Dylan West,\" he said softly, the smile never leaving his lips, and his eyes never leaving mine. I could see a little twinkle of what looked like mischief in them, which surprised me but also intrigued me. I nodded in response, before I released his hand, mine suddenly feeling all tingly. He must be some kind of player though, I thought to myself, taking a quick glance down at his body. He showed some muscles under his shirt, not exactly bulging but it looked like he knew how to take care of himself and work out a little. Yeah, possibly a jock type, I would have to watch out for this one. \"So, I obviously don't have to explain my power,\" he said with a nervous chuckle, which made the smile return to my face. He cleared his throat before continuing. \"What's yours?\" he asked, his voice still shaking slightly, and I was suddenly glad that I was not the only one nervous here. I smiled up at him, even for someone considered a freak, he was the first guy to be intrigued about me, maybe even interested. I blushed once more at this, opening my mouth to answer, however before the words could appear, the door on the far wall suddenly opened, revealing a man in a white over coat. \"Okay, we are ready for you all now,\" he said, his voice business like, glancing around the room. making sure all of us has heard him, before moving to the side to let the first ones through. Dang, terrible timing! Dylan turned back towards me with a nervous smile, \"Guess it's show time!\" he said, shrugging his shoulders, as if to make a joke. He seemed to be a jokester as well, which was cool. \"Can't wait to see you in action, Summer,\" he said, now a flirty smile playing on his lips, and after shooting me a wink, which made my heart flutter suddenly, he turned to walk out the door with the rest, leaving me flabbergasted. First day here and I already have a playboy stalker, perfect! I thought to myself with a chuckle, before I filed out with the others. One by one we had to stand in front of Dr. Grant, a middle aged scruffy man, Jack, and one tiny, dark haired lady wearing round glasses and a white lab coat, Ms. Holloway, as they sat at a long table, show our powers and get evaluated. Or either rejected or accepted, even in the world of freaks, I rolled my eyes at this thought. I had to admit, some of them were actually useful skills, but some of them, not so much. However, that did not give the middle aged, super hero wannabe the right to be so cruel, especially to the younger ones. \"What is this?\" he inquired as one of the younger girls stepped up and showcased her talent, which was apparently blinking really fast. \"She's just blinking really fast, that's not special! Next!\" he yelled, I watched sadly as she slowly returned to her seat. Then there was also the spit baller, which I admit, was kind of gross. \"That is certainly NOT a good skill. What would you use that for? NEXT!\" he yelled the last word, seeming to be getting angrier by the minute, his face covered in spit balls. Once again, I watched the child's face turn from excited to disappointed as he too sadly made his way back to his seat. Soon, Dylan stepped up, and Dr. Grant and the lady were instantly impressed, and me as well. However that didn't stop the man from making a snide remark. Only a few hours here and I was having enough of him already! Finally a little girl dressed in a light blue floral sundress and ringlet pigtails finally put him in his place when he dissed her singing the alphabet. We all watched in horror and surprise as this little girl, no older than six, picked up the table over her head and flung it with ease across the room, disintegrating into pieces as it hit the wall and crashed to the floor. We all turned to see the shocked faces of Dr. Grant, Jack, and Ms. Holloway. Of course they let her pass, with good reason. She was tough for a six year old! Finally it was my turn, and slowly, I rose to my feet, feeling every eye on me as I walked up to the table. \"Alright, Summer Jones,\" the middle aged man read from my folder out in front of him. \"Show us what you've got,\" he said, lifting his gaze to me now. With a sigh, I closed my eyes to concentrate, the minutes seemed to tick by as I could suddenly feel all the tension in the room as every eye remained on me. Snapping my eyes open, I concentrated on the glass that was on the table, focusing hard, and before long it lifted from the table and floated towards me. Still concentrating hard, I made the glass hover before me for a few seconds, before shooting it across the room to my left, I could hear everyone gasp as it shattered against the wall. I kept my cool, keeping on a hard face as I turned back towards the table, awaiting whatever judgment the middle aged super hero had this time. Of course, he could always be counted on, for began making a sound FX you might hear in a supernatural movie. \"I see things,\" I hissed at him, annoyed. He leaned forward slightly in response, \"Can you see dead people?\" he shot back, I scoffed at his question before answering, \"I see that you suffer from a massive inferiority complex,\" I shot back, rolling my eyes as he commented to Ms. Holloway beside him, returning to the bench with the others. As I settled in my seat, I caught something I the corner of my eye. I turned to see Dylan staring intently at me, his face appeared to be impressed with what I had done up there. Wasn't sure if it was the remarks or the power he was so impressed with. I could not hold back a blush as a smile spread across his face, his eyes shining with something. I got so flustered, I broke our gazes, returning my attention to the floor, where a little Latino boy, maybe ten, announced he was some kind of gas giant, before anyone could stop him, the room suddenly stunk to the highest heaven! It wasn't much longer before the auditions were done, Dr. Grant, Jack, and Ms. Holloway got to their feet, folders in hand, and walked over to where we all still sat on the benches. \"Alright. You were all wonderful today, but I am afraid only four of you will advance,\" Dr. Grant announced, a murmur fell over all of the kids, I only glanced between them in inquiry. \"When I call your name, please step forward,\" Ms. Holloway announced, the murmurs dying now. She opened one of the folders in her hand, calling the little blonde in the sundress, Cindy, forward. The room thundered with congratulatory applause. She opened another one, this time calling an overly chubby boy, whose ability was to make any part of his body blow up like a balloon, Tucker, forward, and more applause thundered through the room. Anticipation and anxiety settled through the room as there were only two spots left. \"Dylan West,\" Dr. Grant called through the room, my inquiries were confirmed as I watched Dylan jump to his feet, bumping fists with one of the other boys beside him in congrats, before joining the other qualifiers in the middle of the room. \"And lastly, Summer Jones,\" Dr. Grant announced, however I was too shocked to move towards the middle of the room. I had actually been picked? I never get picked! The room once more roared with applause but it wasn't until someone pushed me to my feet that I returned to life, glancing around nervously, before finally shuffling forward and taking the last spot in line beside the little blonde, who flashed me an excited smile, which I returned nervously. Once again, I caught sight of Dylan staring at me, this time, a smile already spread across his face, my heart jittered as he added a slight nod. I returned his smile before my attention fell on the rest of the kids. \"Thank you all for coming out today, you were all extraordinary,\" Ms. Holloway said, I watched as one by one the rest of the kids got to their feet, searching the line I saw some long faces and some looked like they were close to tears. \"You may go, return to your lives. Thank you for your time!\" Ms. Holloway and Dr. Grant shouted encouraging words as the kids all began filing out of the room by the lab coat men. My heart slightly sunk in my chest, though not entirely for the kids. They get to return to their lives? Their homes? Lucky little-, \"Alright, children!\" Dr. Grant suddenly caught my attention once again. Dr. Grant, Ms. Holloway and Jack all stood in front of us now, wide smiles plastered on the first two's faces. \"Children, welcome to the Zenith Project,\" Ms. Holloway said excited, though it left the rest of us confused, though Cindy seemed to be the only one as excited as Ms. Holloway. Oh, this should be interesting![Chapter 6] I adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. Everything through chapter 7 is hers. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Summer's POV I watched as the rest of the special kids were dismissed, walking somewhat dejectedly towards the door. Oh how I wished I could have joined them, I didn't want to be here in the first place! The only good thing about this whole thing was meeting that Dylan guy, I stopped for a moment as I thought of him smiling down at me. Oh no, he's gotten to me already! As the rest disappeared from view, and we heard the door shut softly behind them, I turned my full attention to Dr. Grant, Ms. Holloway and the old fart standing in front of us, the smiles they were giving us were slightly creeping me out. Well, at least Zoom wasn't smiling, he looked rather bored, kind of like how I felt. \"Welcome to the Zenith Team, children!\" Dr. Grant said cheerfully, extending his arms out towards us as if he was going to hug us, I took a step back just in case. \"Over the next few weeks, you will be living here at the facility, learning how to better control your powers by Ms. Holloway, and trained by Mr. Zoom here,\" he gestured towards the two respectively, Ms. Holloway smiling, Zoom's expression remained the same. \"And I and some of the other scientists will be monitoring your progress,\" Dr. Grant finished with a smile. Dylan, Tucker, Cindy, and I all glanced uncertainly at each other, I caught Dylan's eye before turning back to Dr. Grant. \"You mean, we will be watched?\" I asked curiously. The smile seemed to have slipped from Dr. Grant's face at the suggestion. \"I wouldn't call it watching Miss Jones, however-\" Dr. Grant tried to explain, \"But watched,\" Dylan added smugly, causing Tucker, Cindy, and I to chuckle, Okay, so he was kind of funny, I'll admit. Damn it! Dr. Grant tried to regain himself a moment, suddenly very uncomfortable under our giggles. After a moment, and getting us to settle down, he continued again, \"Anyways, here are your uniforms,\" Dr. Grant gestured behind us where four guys in the short sleeved blue uniforms walked up to each of us and handing us a pile of folded bright orange clothes. Oh great, I already feel like I'm in jail. Now I have to look like an orange? , I grumbled to myself as I eyed the clothes in my arms. \"And we shall show you to your rooms,\" Dr. Grant finished, already beginning to walk off, Tucker, Dylan, Cindy, and I falling into line behind him and some military guys, I glanced behind me to see Ms. Holloway and Zoom followed behind us, kind of awkwardly as they did the whole \"you go first\" thing. I smiled to myself before turning towards the front, but not before catching Dylan winking mischievously at me, causing me to hide my face as my face turned hot. This is going to be a looooong couple of weeks! As we made our way down the hall, avoiding other men in lab coats, \"We get our own rooms?\" Cindy piped up excitedly, the little blond running ahead to walk alongside the old professor. Dr. Grant looked down at her, a wide smile spread across his face, \"Why yes, Cindy. You shall have your own rooms, but don't worry, the others will be close by as well,\" he assured, gaining a toothy grin from the young girl. I rolled my eyes, what croc that was. Obviously they are just playing innocent for her sake! God knows what they are really gonna do to us. Probably give candy to the younger ones and torture me and Dylan separately. That's when my thoughts returned back to the shaggy haired teen. I glanced to my right where Dylan walked just ahead of me. I suppose he could feel my eyes on him because after a moment, he glanced over his shoulder, realized it was me who was staring at him, and shot me one of those smiles that made your heart skip, my cheeks once again turned as red as my hair, before we both turned away. I will definitely have to keep my guard up, especially around him. Ugh! As we continued down the hallway, Ms. Holloway and Zoom broke off in different directions confirming they would meet us later, and bidding us goodbye, we followed Dr. Grant down the hallway, and around a long turn, when we finally came across a large room. Tucker, Cindy, Dylan, and I looked around in awe. It was a fairly large room, separated into two parts, a large sitting with a square table, large comfy chairs surrounded it. There was a large screen TV mounted on the wall, and another smaller table with chairs in the far corner. The second part of the room had six large glass compartments lined the walls, each with sliding glass doors and curtains for privacy, on the other side. They all held medium sized beds, a night stand and a desk with a lamp. I didn't know about the others, but to me, it looked far to small. This was supposed to be \"our rooms.\" \"This is where we are staying?\" Dylan asked, obviously he had the same idea as me, I suddenly felt thankful that I was not alone. Dr. Grant just nodded. \"Yes. The scientists and I had it made special for you all,\" he smiled as if very proud, even if just for coming up with the idea. There was another long pause before Dr. Grant spoke again, \"Alright children, get settled and changed and I will take you all on a small tour of our great facility,\" he said, another smile spreading wide across his face. None of us responded, Cindy merely smiled gratefully back at him, before he took that as his leave, turned on his heel, and he and the other military guys walked back out of the room, and left us be. Almost immediately, Tucker and Cindy ran into their separate rooms, and even though they closed the doors, you could still hear Cindy squealing with excitement inside her room. There was an awkward silence that settled between us as Dylan and I just stood there. I tried my best to avoid his gaze, but my cheeks burned as I could feel his eyes watching me intently. \"So I guess we're going to be stuck here a while,\" Dylan commented, I looked up into his eyes, only to see a cocky smile on his face and a glint in his eye. \"And get to know each other better,\" he continued, offering me one of his charming smiles, I bet he makes all the girls at his school swoon. Despite my resistance however, I couldn't help but feel my heart skip a beat at his smile. God! I can't be distracted by some boy! Especially not some angst-ridden playboy! Snap out of it, Summer!, I cursed myself, lowering my gaze to the floor, hoping to hide my face from him so he won't notice my inner battle I'm sure is evident on my face. \"Yeah, I guess,\" I said, trying to sound nonchalant as I made my way towards my room, Dylan stopping me at the door as he called my name once more, \"I really do want to get to know you better, and hopefully we can be friends,\" he said, sending me one more heart-melting smile before disappearing into his own room. I stood there for a moment, I could feel my heart going a mile-a-minute. As much as I tried to resist him, I knew that he had already broken through my defenses. Twenty minutes later, I emerged from my room, and looked around for the others, Cindy and Tucker were seated in front of the TV watching some cartoon, Dylan however, was nowhere to be found, I couldn't help but feel relieved as I walked up to join Tucker and Cindy in the sitting area part of the room, plunking down on one of the soft couches. I greeted them, and they greeted back before silence fell over the three of us once more. I glanced around for something to do, though I couldn't help but wonder about the absence of our fourth member. \"Where's Dylan?\" I asked before I could stop myself, the two kids glanced at me, Cindy's smile broke out in a small smile that confused me a little, She know something I don't? , Tucker merely turned back to the program. \"He's around here somewhere,\" Cindy told me, before turning back to the TV again, I couldn't quite make out the tone of her voice. It was somewhere between nonchalant and knowing. Before I could inquire, I suddenly felt something materialize beside me and was shocked to turn and see Dylan smiling at me from beside me on the couch. \"Hi!\" he greeted as if it was normal to just materialize beside someone, and I suppose it was for him, but not so much for me, and I sprung back in the couch gasping. It tool a moment for me to regain myself, a hand to my chest as I tried to calm my beating heart. I could see Dylan watching me amused from the corner of my eye, what a jerk! \"God, Dylan! You scared the life out of me!\" I scolded, still trying to calm myself, though trying to remain annoyed at the same time. \"Sorry,\" he replied softly, offering a friendly smile though it only caused my heart to beat even faster, god damn his charm! , I thought to myself. \"But if it makes you feel any better, I would have revived you, I know CPR,\" he offered, I thought he was serious until he wagged his eyebrows at me in a flirty manner. I sighed, rolling my eyes. \"Seriously? You really have to stop that too,\" I said, annoyed, though I noticed Dylan shooting me a curious look from the corner of my eye, \"Stop what?\" he inquired. \"Being so unbelievably cute?\" he smirked at me, which I did admit was kind of cute, Oh dear lord he if affecting me so bad! I tried my best to hide it, by giving him an irritable groan and rolling my eyes. However, I don't think he quite believed my façade, because a genuine smile spread across his face. He looked like he was about to respond, when we could hear footsteps coming from down the hall, and soon, Dr. Grant appeared with four men dressed in military wear. Once again, Dr. Grant smiled down at us, somehow it still creep me out, \"Children, it is time to go,\" he said. Cindy and Tucker instantly jumped to their feet, while Dylan tried offering me a hand to help me up, however I merely ignored him and stood up on my own, before brushing past him and following the kids out. We fell in formation; Cindy and Tucker in front of Dylan and I, though I was slightly ahead so I was not side by side with him, in between the four military guys, Dr. Grant leading the way as we walked down the hallway. He gestured to various doorways and even showed us some test areas where he said we would be working, however, I was barely paying attention. Even when I was slightly in front of him, I could still feel Dylan's eyes watching me, a shiver running down my spine at the feeling. I tried my best to shake off, play it cool like by ignoring him. However the feeling only grew as we entered one of the test areas, where scientists told us to stand in a line and we were measured up and down, prodded and poked. Once, I glanced in the direction of Dylan, only to regret it, for I was instantly met with that satisfied smirk spread across hid pretty face. Though I was torn, half of me felt an overwhelming need to smack that smirk so hard off his face, his head would spin for weeks, though the other part of me felt like a childish little girl as I felt my heart race and my face start to flame up. What is this boy doing to me?[Chapter 7] I adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. Everything through this chapter is hers. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Summer's POV We continued down the hallway another few minutes before turning a corner and continued down another hallway, however, instead of solid walls on each side, the walls were divided by glass and inside looked like different labs where experiment were being conducted. I slowed slightly and watched closely as a group of men dressed in lab coats and goggles were crowded around a table, I couldn't see what they were surrounded around, however, in a matter of seconds, there was a flash of light, and smoke began to rise from the middle of the circle. Before I could see any reaction, they were already out of sight, the walls becoming solid again as we continued down the hall, I turned to Dr. Grant, \"What were they experimenting in there?\" I asked him curiously. Dr. Grant didn't turn towards me however, I heard him chuckle weakly, making me uneasy, \"Oh, nothing you have to worry about, Miss Jones,\" he said calmly, \"They are just here to help you with your training,\" he stated simply and we continued down the hallway in silence, though I couldn't settle the uneasy feeling. What kind of experiments that's supposed to help us, explode? Finally, we were in front of a door with a small window in the middle, in a matter of minutes, Dr. Grant opening the door for us, and we filed inside. Though I was disappointed to reveal it to be a room converted into a classroom, science-y type posters all over the walls, and curved tables and chairs lined on each side of the room, creating a sort of isle, it even included lockers in the corner of the room. I felt a chill run through me as I felt like I was back in high school, the only difference was you only had to endure the scrutiny of other kids for 5 hours and then escape to your house. However, this place was my home now, and I couldn't escape, though I was among other freakazoids so that kind of helped, I guess. That's when my thoughts returned to the shaggy haired, brown eyed smug boy, glancing around as I took a seat at one of the tables furthest from the front, Tucker and Cindy taking the ones in the front. However, the tall boy was no where in sight. Hmm, he was here, just a minute ago, I thought confused. It took me a minute to realize what I was thinking, shaking my head vigorously in order to remove such thoughts. When did I care? Pfff, I don't and never will!, I thought angrily to myself. Despite my best efforts though, those pesky thoughts about that jerk-face just wouldn't leave, so I decided to distract myself by writing a letter back to my parents. As much as I hate them for sending me here, I still love them and miss them terribly, though I would never admit it. I took one of the notebook left for me on the table, and one of the pens, and began writing: Dear Mom and Dad, How are you guys? Everything's fine here, despite becoming a prisoner in this mental institution, thanks for that. There is one upside though, I have met other kids like me, well, not the same powers, but \"freaks\" like me. There's Cindy, she's only 6 and a cute little blonde haired, blue eyed girl. Despite her looks though, she can lift up to a thousand pounds up above her head! She also has an iron grip, one that could make even a grown man wince in pain. She is so cute though, with her high energy and her bright smile could melt your heart on contact. I think you would like her best, Mom, I think I like her best. Then there is Tucker, he's only Twelve, but he has an ENORMOUS appetite that can put even you to shame, Dad. His power is expanding his body to an ungodly size, and also bounces away any enemies. Despite being a little chubby and almost constantly eating, he has a great sense of humor and has a kind heart. He's always being like an older brother to Cindy, and a somewhat cute yet annoying little brother to myself and Dylan. And that leaves me to the other teenager of the group, Dylan. He's only a year older than me, and I guess would be considered a \"bad boy\" cause he's got a little bit of an attitude. I guess he's probably as bitter as me about being in this hell hole (sorry for the language). And I know what you're thinking Mother, seventeen year old boy, freak like me, bad boy attitude and good looks to match, something could come from that right? WRONG! I already dislike the guy because of his smug attitude, and I refuse to let anything happen while I'm here, I won't, so stop rolling your eyes at me, Mom! ... it was then that I suddenly felt a presence from in front of me, and sure enough, Dylan materialized in front of me, sitting backwards in his chair, crossing his arms as he leaned in, watching me curiously. \"That is getting so old,\" I grumbled, not raising my eyes to him, or even stopping my writing, though I hoped my words would distract him from my writing. \"Well, considering you can read my mind, I don't have many options,\" he countered, I could feel his eyes rise from the page to look at me, I know he was hoping to catch mine. The comment did however catch my attention in annoyance, Nice pick up line jackass!, I thought sarcastically as I met his hazel eyes. I could see something sparkle in them, however I quickly repressed my growing feelings. \"I can't read minds, I just feel stuff,\" I stated simply, making sure I looked him square in the eye so the point got across, before returning back to my notebook, \"And you could stop hitting on me entirely,\" I continued softly, though loud enough for him to hear me, as I continued to scribble across the page. I heard him chuckle, \"I can't do that,\" he said, catching my attention once more, halting my writing once more, and looked up into his eyes curiously. Oh God, why not?, O couldn't help but think grumpily, despite feeling my heartbeat start to pick up. \"You and I, we're destiny,\" he stated simply, and despite my best efforts, I couldn't help but let my heart thump wildly in my chest, and I felt a smile spread across my face. Damn you, teenage hormones! Stop it, STOP IT PLEASE!, I began to think, however, it was suddenly drowned out by my heart, You have to admit, he is pretty cute! You guys actually have something in common, and he actually likes you! OMG! Now my heart is deceiving me!, My thoughts whirled wildly in my head, and now my heart. Luckily, we were interrupted by the sudden presence of Miss Holloway. \"Children, I would like to formally introduce you to a great man, Mr. Jack Sheppard.\"[Chapter 8] Hello, everyone! Okay, so like I said this was not originally my story, I adopted it from Don't-Stop-Believin. All of the chapters up until this point were hers. But this is where she stopped writing and I am taking over, so anything from this point on is my work, just continued off of hers, with her permission of course. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Summer's POV \"I would like to introduce you to a very great man, Mr. Jack Sheppard.\" And in walks that rude middle aged dude from earlier. And he burps, really loud, and disgustingly. \"Hmm, I don' remember eating that,\" he says. Oh, man, that is gross. I just grimace, what a way to turn a conversation. \"Great man, or a washed up loser,\" Dylan says as he gets up to go sit at his table. \"That's a fine line,\" Mr. Sheppard contemplates. You got that right, and boy had he crossed the line, at least from what I can tell so far. But, you know what they say, first impressions are everything. \"Nice kid, is the long hair and the James Dean angst just a package with you,\" Mr. Sheppard questions. Dylan just nods while rolling a pen in his hand, like nothing can ever effect him. \"Mr. Sheppard is uniquely qualified to be your new instructor,\" Ms. Holloway assures us. How in the world can this man be qualified for anything. \"And now, he'll tell you why,\" she finishes. Oh, I would love to hear this. He just looks at her surprised, \"Oh, yeah. Umm, do you kids have any idea what your doing here or why?\" he asks. Cindy's hand shoots straight in the air, and she starts pleading with him to pick her. Dylan, covers his face, not wanting to watch her plead, and Mr. Sheppard looks at he like she's crazy. Seriously, people! She's six, she's going to do things like this. \"All right the little one,\" he says. Jeeze, learn our names, would ya. \"We were brought here in super secret, because we were selected out of a huge group of kids, because we're really special, and they needed special kids for a special course, that's what Ms. Holloway said,\" she said, repeating almost to the letter what Ms. Holloway had told us all, with Ms. Holloway nodding and mouthing the words along with her. \"I don't think I've ever heard anyone use that many specials in a sentence,\" Mr. Sheppard said while making a face. \"She actually worked it in there one more time than Collins did,\" Dylan said while pointing at Ms. Holloway. He's right, she did, I don't even know how it was possible with the sentence still making sense, but she did it. \"But it's all a lie, we're here because we're different,\" Dylan said. I was just about to go into scolding him for telling the six year old that when everyone all started talking at once and it was hard to understand anyone. Suddenly, through the noise we here a high pitched whistle and we have to cover our ears. We all turn to look at Ms. Holloway. \"Sorry,\" she says sheepishly. I for one am thankful she did that, someone was going to say something way out of line and someone was going to be hurt of it didn't stop, and by the looks of it, it was going to be Dylan towards Cindy. And we all know how that would turn out. \"Okay, maybe this will help,\" Jack started. \"I spent a lot of time here at camp secret when I was just about your age. And you know what, it pretty much, ruined my life.\" \"Mr. Sheppard,\" Ms. Holloway tries to get him to stop. \"The military would like you to be just like me, you have to work hard and focus,\" he continues on. Ms. Holloway is still trying to get him to stop, and we are all looking at him exasperated, who would want to be like him? And since when has he done hard work and focused. \"But most of all most important, you are going to need massive amounts of Gamma 13 emissions.\" Isn't that radiation, that could possibly, oh I don't know, KILL US ALL! \"So, let's wheel in that big machine and zap the little guys, huh.\" We all looked at Ms. Holloway for answers, what the heck is he going on about. \"Mr. Sheppard, hallway,\" she says seriously, trying to put a stop to him being a nutcase. I personally didn't know that was possible. \"Right, let's go to the hallway. You guys wanna slip into that led underwear, you wanna protect you privates,\" he finished his oh so wonderful advice as he followed Ms. Holloway out into the hallway. I looked over at the others judging their reactions. Dylan looked slightly angry, at Jack, I'm assuming. Tucker looked completely confused and a little scared. Cindy just looked like a mix of all of us except she was also upset and had tears in her eyes. I was getting up to go comfort her, but Dylan got there first. He lifted her up and sat down in her chair and placed her in his lap. I knelt next to them and Tucker came to stand next to me. \"Are you okay, Cindy,\" Dylan asked. That was a stupid question, of course she wasn't okay. He must have noticed my look because he just pressed on. \"I think you were right and I was wrong, Cindy. Or maybe we were both right, maybe being different is what makes them special,\" I think he's right, I think I was always looking at myself the wrong way. I wasn't a freak, I was special. Who knew one sentence could change my view on my entire life. Cindy looked at him, \"I'm scared,\" she said to him. \"I know, Cindy,\" I think we're all a little scared right now. Tucker and I just nodded, I didn't want to butt in, I think Dylan was doing just fine. \"As long as all four of us stick together, we'll all be fine. As long as we stick together, we are all safe, nothing can hurt us.\" ","Summary":" Hello everyone. I just adopted this story from Dont-Stop-Believin. The first 7 chapters are all thi"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Summer Jones: Diary of a Freak","Author":"Dont-Stop-Believin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5729674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I was watching \"Zoom\" the other night, and I thought it was really good, it was kinda funny, and the Dylan/Summer stuff, though very little, still thought it was cute. Anyways, I thought it was good, and was disappointed that there were little stories for this movie, and so decided to make my own. This is from Summer's POV, all through the movie, and I am even writing some missing scenes as well. So, I don't know how long this story will be, but I am going to try my best. I hope you enjoy!!. I was always known as the freak, the weirdo, the one with no friends, no one to understand what I was going through. I, Summer Jones, am a telepath, I can feel what people are thinking by touching them, and move objects with my mind. I can't explain how I got these powers exactly. My parents are normal humans, Mom's a interior designer, Dad's a dentist. Usually, it's the parents that embarrass the kids, but now I embarrass my mom and dad, because nobody else we know can move stuff with their mind. My mom liked to call it \"gifted\", and then try to quickly change the subject back to something better. But that's only an excuse, one that I don't think even reassures them. I know they still love me, like any child, I just wish I wasn't such an embarrassment. It's so bad, that it even happens at school. It isn't unusual to be a socially awkward teenager, being uncomfortable with your looks, unless your one of the beautiful people, the jocks and the cheerleaders, however, that's not quite the case for me, it's worse. That's right, my \"freaky gift\" , has made the gossip of the entire student body. Though none of them have actually really seen me do it, it's all about being a teenager, whenever they get word of something embarrassing, be it still being dropped off by your parents and they yell, in front of the entire school, the nickname that you had since you were a baby, or that you have a freaky super power, they will just eat it up. The cheerleaders took every chance they could to make fun of me, along with almost everyone else, really. Basically, you could say that I am at the very bottom of the social food chain, even the science club is more popular than me. I am an outcast in my own school, the one that sits at the back of the class, low in my seat, my long red hair hiding my face as I doodle miserably on my notebook, praying not to be called on, for any chance of more embarrassment. My reputation as the freak is also effecting my social status, from the first day it was known that I was \"gifted\", the popular girls had spread it like wild fire, and by the end of the day, my reputation was set. They had set me at the bottom of the social food chain, meaning that I was below everyone else, and that anyone that tried to befriend me would instantly drop to the bottom, and being in high school, being at a good point on \"the social latter\" was one of the most important things for a teenager. So yes, that means I have no friends. Don't get me wrong, I had friends when I was younger, two girls, Miranda and Alice, been with me through preschool through junior high, however, High school changes you, and also does freaky, supernatural powers. They just didn't understand when they knew, but also they were angry to think that I hadn't told them first, but that's exactly why, it wouldn't have gone over well, even if I had told them. As for the subject of boys, it's basically the same. As if being socially awkward was bad enough, which I also am, but even if I try talking to a boy, my powers are always the \"elephant in the room\". Sure, at first some of them seemed to be interested, however, the cheerleaders always seem to step in, I've read the words \" freak \" on their lips too many times to count, and that usually makes them retreat. There was even one instance, where one boy came to talk to me, Kyle Roberts, the most popular boy in school, and star football player had come over, and started chatting casually with me. It took me by surprise that he would even consider talking to me, being in the group that had started my unwanted reputation, but nobody else was lining up behind him to talk to me, so I would take it no matter what. Anyways, just as we were talking, the subject of dating came up, and so did the matter of my power. He said, \"Do you want to do something Friday night?\" he asked, and I couldn't help but let a smile spread across my face. \"Really?\", I asked, not really believing that this was really true. \"Yeah, sure\" he said, and I truly thought it was an genuine invitation. I was so excited, not even caring that the cheerleaders were whispering more intently as I passed them in the hall. Finally, the night of the date had arrived. I was suppose to meet him at the park at 7 o'clock. I remember it was cold that night, so I wore my tight jeans and my cute little v neck, white sweater top. My hair was braided nicely, and I wore a little make up, not much because I didn't want to seem trampy. I waited and waited, even when the night got colder as it got later, my excitement just kept me going, I also must admit that the thought of Kyle's arms wrapped around me was also keeping me going, I am a girl after all. It was eight-thirty by the time that my excitement had now turned to frustration and worry, even suspicious when I heard the bushes start to rustle, and whispering. I was about to run away when I was suddenly blinded by a flash on a camera, and as I stumbled to try and regain my composure, I heard girls giggling uncontrollably. Rubbing my eyes, I was met by two of the cheerleaders whom hated me, Britney and Rachel, a camera held in Britney's hand, both with tears in their eyes as they laughed. \"Oh, my god. I told you she'd fall for it\" Britney said through her giggles. I watched them, confused and scared all at the same time, once they calmed down, they noticed my confusion. \"AW. Rachel, she doesn't get it\" Britney teased, \"Shall we enlighten her?\" she giggled, they laughed at their own joke, leaving me even more confused. \"Kyle was never coming to meet you, honey\" Rachel clued me in, \"This was a set up\" she said, bursting out laughing, along with Britney, as their words came over me, so did the tears of embarrassment and rejection came as well. Once they noticed this, it only made them laugh harder, \"AW. The poor little freak\" Britney teased, \"Nobody loves her\", \"Nobody will ever love her\" Rachel spat through her giggles, making the pain already in my heart, suddenly burst through and that was the point when all my emotions went out of control, closing my eyes, wishing the pain away, and all my thoughts intent on revenge. Suddenly, the girls' shrieks of laughter turned into shrieks of terror, opening my eyes to see my two enemies suddenly flying through the air, and land into another set of bushes farther away. That's when I just ran home, the tears spilled from my eyes, willing the world and everyone else away, bursting through the door to my house and ignoring my mother's false concern as I ran up to hide in my room. As suspected, the picture was sent around the school the very next day. My horror stricken face, tears lining my eyes, was plastered all over the walls, on most of the lockers and even in some of the classrooms, the snickering and teasing had intensified and I spent most of the day in hiding, eating lunch in an bathroom stale, and remaining in the corner through every class. I am unwanted, unloved, and it sucks. Life couldn't get any worse, or so I thought. It was one the many horrible days at school, and I had walked home alone, as usual. Entering my house, I called for mom and dad, seeing them coming out of the living room, smiles plastered on their faces. \"Honey, there is someone I want you to meet\", Dad said, taking hold of my arm. I was sceptical, but I followed anyway. Once we entered the living room, I noticed two men in lab coats, sitting on the couch next to my mom, whom smiled as I entered. \"What's going on?\" I asked, looking between my mom and dad. One of the men got up from the couch with a smile on his face, \"Summer Jones, we know about your powers\" he said, \"Your ability to move things with your mind\" he continued. I was scared at that point, what was going on?. \"We need your help with something\" the other one commented, also getting up from the couch. I couldn't help but be curious. Author's Note: As I said, it's from Summer's POV all through the movie, and I'm adding my own \"missing scenes\". Next, I think will be the audition. Please give me some feedback on what you like or don't like, but NO FLAMES PLEASE!!!!. HAPPY REVIEWING!!!!![Chapter 2] Author's Note: Hey guys!!!. Yeah, I realize I'm reeeeeaaaaallllllly late, but I'm kinda between stories, I'm also writing a fic for iCarly (if any of you are fans, it's not coming out in the near-future, but I WILL keep you posted if you are). But for now, all I can give you is this!!. This chapter is a little about Summer's relationship with her parents. I hope you enjoy, and don't hate me for being late!!!. On with the show: I didn't know what to think when I first met Dr. Grant and his assistant. My mind was spinning, my heart was pounding, I was scared, excited and curious all at the same time. I put an hand to my head, wishing everything would just slow down, my mom must have felt my frustration, coming over and placing a comforting hand on either shoulder, \"It's alright, sweetie\", she said softly into my ear, I was too distracted from my feelings that I didn't notice she was directing me to the nearest chair. \"Dr. Grant and his assistant, Mr. Ryan are only here to help you, Summer\" , my dad continued, once I was sitting comfortably in the chair, my dad took a hold of my free hand while my mother had disappeared into the kitchen for a pre-offered glass of water. I stared up at the elder man as he smiled down at me, \"Yes, like we said, we know about your abilities you can do with your mind\" Dr. Grant said, him and his assistant sitting back down on the couch across from me. \"How?, a said softly, a glared at them, watching their every move, I knew my dad was only holding my hand so that I wouldn't be able to run away and hide. I had no choice but to listen, but I kept my guard up, waiting for any opportunity. \"Have you been watching me?\" I asked, suddenly fearful that our home had been bugged for the past several weeks. \"Yes, we have, actually\" Dr. Grant confirmed, and I could feel dad's grip on my hand get stronger. \"But only enough to know that you have extraordinary powers and we think that we might have a good use for them\" Dr. Grant continued, glancing back at Dr. Ryan, whom smiled and nodded in agreement. My guard went up even more. \"What do you mean?\" I asked roughly, I narrowed my eyes on Dr. Grant for emphasis. I knew he felt my frustration by the way he cleared his throat to continue, \"Miss Jones, we're conducting an experiment. An experiment which has kids, like yourself, exhibiting their powers and the best four get to advance onto our special project\" Obviously, by my facial expression, they could tell that I didn't get it, \"So, you want me to come with you, to god knows where, just so you can put me on display for science?\" I asked, using emphasis, I narrowed my eyes even more on Dr. Grant. \"No, you will come with us to our secret facilities and show some of our colleagues what you can do!. Easy!\" he said, I rolled my eyes at his attempt at making emphasis on the secret facilities. \"Think of it this way, sweetie\" my mother interrupted, having chosen now to come back from the kitchen with the glass of water after who knows how long. \"You'll be with kids like you!. You can make some new friends and Dr. Grant and his associates will take care of you. It sounds like fun, don't you think?\" my mother said, her face glowing with fake happiness, obviously trying to prompt me to go. I sighed in anger. \"And do I have any say in this?\" I snapped, looking between her parents, Dr. Grant and his assistant, all of whom, had wide smiles on their faces. \"Of course, you do, honey\" My dad broke the silence. \"We just think this would be a great opportunity for you, people here, just don't understand what your going through, and we feel that going with Dr. Grant and meeting kids with the same problems, would make you feel better, and realize your true potential\" he continued. There was one line that struck a chord, \" People here that don't understand ?. And you think your any better than them?. Forcing me to go with these strange people?\" I said, getting to my feet and staring them all down, \"Now I know exactly what's going on, Dad . You just want to get rid of me cause your embarrassed by me! \" I spat the last words out, and I watched as all the grown up's faces turned from bright smiling faces to shock stricken in a matter of seconds. The tears that were pooling my eyes finally ran down my face, and I turned quickly on my heel, hoping they hadn't seen the tears, and bolted from the room, trying to be careful not to trip in my haste. Reaching my room, I slammed the door roughly, probably shaking the whole house in the process and flopped down on my bed, burying my tear stained face deep in my pillow and let them flow freely. Why were they doing this to me?. What did I do to deserve this curse?. I hate it, I hate THEM!. I hate my life!. It wasn't long before I heard a soft knock on the door, and instantly I knew whom it was. \"GO AWAY!\" I yelled, removing my face from my pillow to say that before burying myself in the pillow once more. Obviously, they ignored me because the next thing I knew I heard my dad, \"Summer, honey, are you alright?\", she could hear her dad's soft voice. She gave a muffled response, one which they could only take as a no. A few moments later, she felt the bed sink, and a warm hand rubbing along her back, \"I'm so sorry, Summer\", it was her dad again, she immediately lifted herself on one elbow to look at her worried parents through teary eyes. \"How could you!?\" she began before propping herself up to sit cross-legged before them, \"Do you hate me that much that you want to send me away with some scientists?\" she asked. She watched as her mom and dad shared a worried glance before continuing, \"No, honey. We'd never hate you\", her mother told her, coming to sit on the right side of the bed, while her dad took the other. \"It's the opposite. We love you so much and want to take care of you\" , her dad continued. Summer glanced down at the pillow she was playing with her fingers. \"But, what about my powers?\" she asked softly. \"I know you hate them. I hate them\" she said, her voice growing softer as she spoke. Seeing her sadness, her mother handed her a tissue from the box on the night stand, and pushed some of Summer's red hair away from her face. \"Don't think like that, Summer\" she began. \"You are a very special girl, and we have always thought of you as such\", her mother continued.\"Then, why do you want to send me away?\" she asked, glancing between her mother and father fearfully. \"Summer, we just think it's best of your with kids with the same situation\" , her father continued. \"And these scientists know what they're doing, they can help you control your powers and meeting new people isn't a bad thing. You never know, they may become like a second family to you\", Mrs. Jones explained with a small smile. Summer was silent as she thought about this, \"I guess\", she said with a shrug, and a small smile of her own. \"We love you, and we only want the best for you\" , Mr. Jones said, taking Summer into his arms and rubbing her arm comfortingly. \"And we leave the decision entirely up to you\", with this, her parents gave her a stern look, which meant; It's your decision, but you'll probably end up going anyway!. An comfortable silence fell over the family of three. \"Please, Summer\" her mother suddenly broke the silence. \"Just think about it?. These people are only trying to help\" her mother explained with a smile, causing Summer to mirror it. \"Alright, mom\" she said with a chuckle as her mom kissed her hair and her dad gave her one last hug before getting to their feet and heading for the door. \"Thanks, Mom, Dad\" she stated, before her parents made it out the door, Mr. And Mrs. Jones smiled lovingly at her before closing the door behind them. Author's Note: Hey, me again!!. I know its a little short, but I think it's pretty good. Anyway, I know I said I'm between writing stories but I will try to do better with this one. Yeah, so that's it, I'm done my ramble. Please remember to review and I hope you enjoyed it. See ya soon!!!!.[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Hey there!. I'm officially back! For those of you, if there still are any of you, who wanted the next chapter, here it is!. I'm soooo sorry for taking so long to update, but I started this story and then kind of...forgot about it?. This is another chapter with Summer's parents, them giving her the necklace, and Summer leaving with Dr. Grant, and the next chapter will be them arriving at the center and doing the \"auditions\" and meeting the other kids. Anyways, I am hoping to still continue with this one, and I'm hoping to start two others. But for now, please enjoy the chapter! :D The day had finally come, the day that I was being shipped off to some secret superhero facility so that we can learn how to control our powers for the greater good. That's complete bull, if you ask me!. I couldn't think of one reason why my power would be needed to help humanity. However, I have no choice in the matter, so I guess I'm stuck!. Not only that, I had to wake up pretty early in the morning, and I am defiantly NOT a morning person, and seeing Dr. Grant doesn't brighten my day, either. As a grumpily make my way down the stairs, I turn the corner to head into the dining room, only to find my mom and my dad seated at a table literally filled with various breakfast items; all different style eggs, toast, pancakes, bowls of fruit, cereals, juices and syrup. I glanced up surprised at my parents, whom watched me from either side of the table, overly-excited smiles spread across their faces, it was enough to make me roll my eyes. \"What's going on?\" I asked slowly, glancing between the two of them. \"Good morning, honey\", my mom greeted me, making her way over to me. \"We thought you might like some hearty breakfast on your big day\" she said happily, taking my arm and walking me over to the table. \"Hearty is not the word I would have used\" I said to myself as I sank down into the chair. \"Really, honey. You'll need the nutrition for your training at the facility\" she said, looking at me with a scolding eye. \"Right.\" I said, as she returned to her own seat to my left, and digging into her own plate of food. For a moment, I watched as my parents continued on, mom scarfing her breakfast, and dad sipping his coffee and reading the morning paper, just as if it was any other day. I looked down at my own plate, noticing that my mom already provided my favourites, chocolate chip and blueberry pancakes with thick syrup, not somehow, that didn't make me feel any better. Slowly, I picked up my fork and began to eat, and between the three of us, we kept up casual conversation, and it almost began to feel like normal again, we even shared a few laughs, just like normal. I was halfway through my pancakes when there was a knock on the door, dad folding up the paper and setting it down before getting to his feet, \"I'll get it\" he called, disappearing into the other room. Mom and I shared a look, my smile disappearing and the tension seemed to have settled around the room. As I suspected, Dad returned with a smiling Dr. Grant at his side, I glanced over Dad as he walked into the room, and he looked at solemn as we were. \"Hello there, Summer\", Dr. Grant greeted cheerfully, breaking the tension, \"Mrs. Jones, always nice to see you\" he said, greeting my mother, whom I saw smile sadly up at him. \"Good to see you as well, Dr. Grant\" she said, before silence once more settled into in the room. Seeing me sitting at the table, Dr. Grant flashed me a friendly smile, \"Good morning, Summer\" he greeted sweetly. I knew what he was doing however, he was playing up on trying to make friends with me, just so my parents wouldn't feel guilty about sending me away. I tried to flash him a look of distain through chewing my pancakes, though only my mother seemed to notice as she shot me one back, \"Summer, be nice!\" she whispered to be in a harsh tone as my dad chatted with Dr. Grant. Mom joined me at the table, and dad and Dr. Grant kept chatting at the counter a few feet away, in hushed tones so I couldn't tell what they talking about, but I had a feeling it was about me. As a placed the last bite of pancake in my mouth, Dr. Grant and Dad finally acknowledged what I had been dreading since he and his assistant first mentioned it, \"Alright, we better be heading off soon to the Center. Big day ahead, Ms. Jones\" he said sweetly, making me roll my eyes as I got to my feet and made my way over to the sink to wash my dish. \"He's right, Summer. You better get upstairs and finish getting ready\" My mother added, sternly, obviously noticing my annoyance. \"Right, I'm going\" I mumbled grumpily, having placed my dish in the sink and now heading towards the stairs, and finally made it back to my room. I instantly felt better, my room has always been my sanctuary since learning of my powers and being my escape when high school and life in general got too much to handle, though that would all change in mere hours. My mood turned sour at the thought of going to that facility with Dr. Grant, stuck in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of other kids just like me. Yeah right, it's probably like some detention center where they put bad kids away , I thought to myself with annoyance, stuffing some more of my clothes into my duffle bag and a few other essentials that mom had laid out for me. After stuffing everything I think I needed into my duffel, which was more than a struggle than I thought, a zipped it up and took one last look around my room, making sure that I had everything I needed, but also for memory. It broke my heart to leave my little room behind. I'd miss the horrible faded blue and green floral print wallpaper my mother picked out, the desk in the right hand corner where I did my homework every night. I would also miss the warmth and protection of my bed, remembering how I always used to curl up in its sky blue sheets, pulling the deep purple comforter over my head and instantly feeling safe and protected from the world and all the people who judged me. I think I would miss that the most. And there was also Freddy, the teddy bear Mom and Dad gave me when I was five. I picked him up from his usual spot resting against my pillow, smiling down at him. I would miss snuggling him every night, squeezing him tight whenever the tears streamed from my eyes, telling him all my fears, all that happened at school that day, my secrets and plans for the future, which usually involved an escape plan from this wretched place once I graduated. I know you must think I'm crazy talking to a stuffed toy, but to me, he was the closest I had to a best friend, I told him everything, and he was always there for me. Tears started pooling at my eyes as I thought back to all the memories, good and bad, I have of this place. I looked around my tiny room once more before looking down at Freddy with a sad chuckle. \"I'll miss you, Freddy Bear\" I said softly, Freddy just smiled up at me. Feeling a few tears start to drip down my face, I hugged Freddy as tight as I could, as if this was all a bad dream and I would wake up any moment, safe and warm in my bed. \"Summer!\", my mother calling up the stairs to me suddenly brought me back to the present, and my heart broke even more to know that this wasn't just some bad dream. \"Summer, hurry up!. Dr. Grant doesn't have all day, dear\" my dad also called up. And there goes the moment, my tears and heartbreak suddenly replaced with anger and annoyance at my parents once more trying to guilt me. \"I'm coming!\" I called back, wiping the tears from my face and eyes and picked up my bag throwing over my shoulder. I was starting out the door when I suddenly remembered Freddy, thrown on his side on the bed in my annoyance. Hurrying back, I placed him back against my pillow, taking a moment to smile at him, before placing two fingers against my lips, and then placing them against his thin ones for a kiss. \"See ya, Freddy\" I said sadly, with a half-smile, before hurrying out of the room, shutting the door behind me with a snap. Hurrying down the stairs, my parents and Dr. Grant waiting at the door soon came into view. Dr. Grant had already told us that my neither of my parents could drop me off, because the location of the facility had to remain a secret, it was bull if you ask me. I stopped before the three of them, I was surprised to notice that my parents had tears sparkling in their eyes. \"Oh, sweetheart\", my mother cooed, suddenly pulling me into a tight embrace, totally catching me off guard as she started to sob in my ear. \"I'm going to miss you so much!\" she sobbed into my ear, though strangely, I could understand her. Just as quickly as she pulled me in, she held me at arm's length, \"We're doing this because we love you, you understand that right?\" she asked, looking me in the eye with a look so serious I wasn't sure if I was believing it at first. Though I could feel my heart beat faster as her words started to sink in, and I knew that she was more serious now than I have ever seen her in her entire life. As much as I know that my parents are ashamed of me, I knew deep down that they really did care and love me, and were only sending me away for my own good, and that all seemed to come out in this very moment I could feel the tears starting to prick at my eyes once more as a smile slowly spread across my face, \"I know, and I love you guys too\" I said, Dad, who had been standing by, touched my shoulder lovingly. \"Oh, and we got you a little something to remember us by\" my mom said softly, sniffling back the tears that had already started to spill. I watched as Dad pulled a rectangular, deep purple velvet box out from behind his back and handed it to me. I smiled as he placed it in my hands, glancing up at them with curious eyes. Earning back smiles from both of them, I opened the lid to reveal a single sparkling silver chain. I smiled down at it, it was the most beautiful thing my parents had ever given me, and it would always remind me of their love for me, which at the thought, brought more tears to my eyes. \"Thank you, I love it\" I said softly, closing the lid and smiling up at them, suddenly grabbing both of them in a tight embrace, a smile spreading across my face as I felt them both hug me tighter. The moment was suddenly broken as Dr. Grant cleared his throat, \"I'm sorry to break this lovely family moment\" he spoke guiltily, the three of us finally breaking apart and turn to look at Dr. Grant standing awkwardly in the corner. \"But we are, regrettably, on a tight schedule, Ms. Jones\" he said, trying to sound professional though we all knew that the previous touching moment had gotten to him too. I nodded slowly as I picked up my bag from where I had thrown it on the floor and threw it over my shoulder, now turning towards the door. \"Have fun, sweetheart\" my mother said, opening the door for myself and Mr. Grant, whom followed closely behind me, \"Make lots of new friends\" . Though we didn't have a very big lawn, the walk across to where Dr. Grant's silver colored Toyota was parked out front suddenly seemed like walking a hundred miles, leaving my old dreary life behind, for an unknown new one. I heard mom bidding goodbye as I dropped my bag on the floor of the front seat, the jewellery box still clutched in my hand. I turned, seeing my parents waving vigorously at the front door, I put on a smile and waved back, \"Bye!. Love you both\" I called back, before ducking into the Toyota and shutting the door with a snap. I could already feel the tears start to well up as the little car rumbled to life. With a heavy sigh, I glanced back out the window, and watched as my parents continued to wave as Dr. Grant pulled the car away from the curve and started down the road, watching sadly as my parents slowly disappeared. An uneasy silence fell over Dr. Grant and I as I settled back into my seat, once more opening up the velvet box in my hand and looking down at the silver chain with teary eyes. \"Don't worry, Summer\" Dr. Grant broke the silence between us. \"This is the experience of a lifetime. You won't regret it, I promise\" he said, shooting me a friendly smile in an attempt to comfort me. I merely rolled my eyes as I closed the box over. \"Thanks\" I said softly, turning to look out the window once more. It was then that I decided that I would have to toughen up, I couldn't show any weaknesses, I was already acting to vulnerable in front of Dr. Grant. Even though my parents told me to make friends, I would have to be on my guard at the center. Even though these kids may be \"freaks\" like me, doesn't mean they necessarily will be my friends, god only knows, they could be as mean as the normal kids at my school. No, I will keep my guard up, be strong. Life here has taught me one thing; if I don't let anyone in, there is no chance that I will get hurt again, no reason to cry, and I will not let that happen again. New place, new life, New and stronger Summer Jones. Author's note: Hello again!. For those of you still reading this (i know its been a while) I hope you've enjoyed it, and like I said, I hope to continue it too. Again, I'm sorry for taking so long, and I hope this will make up for some of it, and you'll be happy to know that I am currently writing the next chapter, kind of a quarter of the way there..but I'm hoping to get it up in the next couple of days, fingers crossed!. Anywhoo...hope you enjoyed it, and I will see ya'll soon!. Please don't forget to review! :D ~DSB[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Hey guys, if anyone is still out there!. I am soooo sorry for not updating until now, I know I said I would try to be better at it, but I am sorry xinfinity!. This is a long chapter so I hope that it will make up for my absence. I will try to be doing better and finish this story, i really will. But for now, please enjoy!. The car was dead silent as we continued down the road, my house had disappeared not an hour ago and I barely spoke a word to Dr. Grant, opting to stare blankly out the window, watching as the cars zoomed by on this sunny Saturday, angry tears pricking at my eyes. Of course, I missed my parents already, but I was still angry over what they were making me do. I mean, who ships their daughter off to a \"superhero facility\"?. It's probably some mental institution or something, knowing my luck. Despite my quiet demeanor, Dr. Grant tried his best to get me to have a conversation with him. \"Are you excited about coming to the facility?\" he inquired, turning his head in my direction, but keeping his eyes on the road. \"Not really\" I said quietly, not taking my eyes off the scenery. \"It feels more like a death sentence\" I spat. \"Now, now. I know its hard to leave your parents and your friends\" he tried to console\", I rolled my eyes at his attempt, that would require friends. \"But I'm sure that once you see the facility, and meet all the new kids, you are going to love it!. I'm sure of it!\" his voice grew in excitement. \"Doubt it\" I mumbled grumpily, becoming more and more irritated as he began describing the place and all the things we would be learning or whatever. After a while of hearing Dr. Grant yack on about whatever, having already given up after an hour of trying to stimulate a conversation with me, I was thankful when he finally turned on the radio to fill in the silence. My heart leapt as one of my favorite songs started blasting throughout the car, and I finally felt like I could relax. Sighing deeply, I relaxed my head against the window and I could already feel my eyes getting droopy. Oh well, watching cars was getting boring anyways, and I could probably use a little nap. However, it was not such a peaceful nap as I would have liked. In fact, it was a terrible nightmare: We arrived at the facility for the gifted kids or whatever it was called. I glanced up at the huge white, plain looking building as we pulled into the long, dusty drive. The building seemed to grow rapidly as we got closer and closer, finally stopping in what looked like a makeshift parking lot, like one you might see at a beach, no marked lines, but cars seemed to always find a spot. I couldn't take my eyes off of the enormous building as Dr. Grant killed the engine. It was bigger than I could have imagined. With a sigh, the older man turned towards me with a kind smile, \"Last stop. Everyone out!\" he said with a chuckle, as if he was trying to lighten the situation with a joke, though it only made my irritation for him grow that much more. I watched as he got out of the car, and made his way to the trunk to retrieve my stuff, the car suddenly feeling very empty without him. \"You'll be fine, Summer, Don't be stupid\", I tried to console myself, and after a moment of deep breathing, I pulled the door handle open with a still shaky hand and hopped out of the car. Dr. Grant came to meet me at the front of the car, and handed me my stuff with a smile. \"Ready?\" he asked, though it felt like a rhetorical question. I sighed, \"Ready as I will ever be, I guess\" I said softly, Dr. Grant and I started walking towards the looming building, to my doom. I couldn't take my eyes off of it, fear growing inside me. After what felt like years, we finally made it to the door, my heart beat seemed to pick up as a middle aged man dressed in a white overcoat came to meet us at the door. \" Hello. Dr. Grant\" he greeted with a smile, whom nodded politely though I didn't catch his name. \"This is Summer Jones\" he introduced me, placing a firm hand on my shoulder, but it didn't make me feel any less terrified. \"She is our new student\" he said, the man turning towards me now with an ominous looking smile, my heart picked up immensely. \"This way, Miss Jones\" he said, the ominous smile still plastered on his lips. I was so scared that I couldn't move my feet, I couldn't move any part of my body for that matter. After a moment, I could feel Dr. Grant place a firm hand on my back and gently push me forward, \"Go with the nice man, Summer\" he said, now also sounding ominous, which only increased my worry, and I was beginning to shake all over. The older man reached out and took my shaking arm, \"Don't worry, Dr. Grant. We will take care of her\" he said, not taking his eyes off of me, nor did the smile falter. Like a resisting child, he pulled me forward, and down the forever long hallway, my feet dragging against the cement floor as I was pulled along, zombie-fied. As we walked, there were many other people dressed in white overcoats, though I could not see any of their faces, whether it was I was so terrified or because they didn't want me to see their faces, I didn't know. Finally, we came to a large gray door, the man pulling the door open with his free hand, before turning back to me with that evil smile. \"Go on in, Miss Jones\" he said slowly. Again, I could not move, however, when I looked inside the room, it looked pitch black, despite the light now streaming in from the hallway. After a long moment, I felt the man place a hand on my back, and before I could protest, pushed me inside. I stumbled into the darkness, somehow recovering my footing surprisingly quick, and went to turn back to protest to the man, however, he had shut the door with a loud bang, leaving me in the dark. \"Hello?\" I called into the darkness, feeling like it was the only thing to do. As if answering my call, the lights flicked on, momentarily blinding me, and I tried shielding my eyes. Once I recovered, I suddenly could not feel the cotton of my shirt or the jeans against my legs. Confused, I looked down and was shocked to now see me dressed in a white jumpsuit with short sleeves like a shirt, and what looked like matching slippers on my feet. What is going on?. In my confusion I glanced around the now brightly lit room, and was even more shocked to notice there was now a steel table in the middle of the room, large computer monitors and other technical looking stuff surrounding the table in a half moon shape. It kind of reminded me of a surgery rooms with the glass roof where you can watch the surgery from, like from the Simpsons. \" What's going on?. Where is everyone?\" I asked into the darkness, and again, as if answering me, another light flicked on, this time outside the room, to reveal Dr. Grant, and two other people dressed in the white overcoats viewing me through the glass of another room above this one. \"Don't worry, Summer. It will all be over soon\" I heard Dr. Grant speak through the microphone in front of him. Before I could question him, two big guys, now dressed in black jumpsuits suddenly grabbed me out of nowhere, and began forcing me towards the metal table, their large hands wrapped tightly against my tiny arms. I tried my best to restrain, scream anything that would help me get loose or stop them however, the all, even Dr. Grant ignored my protests and soon I found my arms, legs and even head strapped to the metal table with large leather straps. My heart was pounding in my ears, a cold sweat dripped down my face and down my arms as I waited for something to happen. Dr. Grant suddenly appeared beside me. \"This is all for the best, Summer\" he smiled down at me, though this time, it didn't help any. \" What are you going to do to me, you sick freak!\" I shouted, letting all my anger out. \"Well, you see Summer. I am a scientist, and when I recently discovered that certain children had developed these unique abilities, I had decided to inspect this, to bring them here, and study them\" he said, though I didn't like any word of it. \"Study?\" I asked, scared of his meaning. A smile grew across his face, and that is when it dawned on me, the real reason I was here. \"So, you lock on the special ability kids, gain their trust and lead then lead them here to dissect them?\" I accused, horrified. \" Dissect is such a horrible word. I like study better\" he said, chuckling. I began squirming more now, hoping my sweaty body would someone slip out of one of my restrains, but to no avail. \"Start up the machine!\" I heard Dr. Grant yell to someone else in the room, and instantly the silence was broken by a large buzzing sound, something that sounded like a table saw or something. Hearing the buzzing getting louder and louder, I kicked up my ecape plans and struggled more fiercely. I groaned as I still found myself unable to slip out, dang these guys tightened the straps well!. Really well!. Suddenly, a large half laser, half saw looking machine came into my view and my heart seemed to drop down into my stomach. This was it, I was going to die, there was nothing I could do but pray. As the death machine slowly loomed closer, I shut my eyes tight in anticipation, my thoughts turned to my parents, the image of them waving goodbye from the open doorway to our house, tears in their eyes. I love you, Mom and Dad!. \"This will all be over soon, Summer!\" I heard Dr. Grant say slowly. \"This won't hurt a bit\". I suddenly shot up in my seat, my breathe coming out heavy and cold sweat dripping from my face. It took me a moment to realize I was still in Dr. Grant's Toyota, my breathing calmed as I took in the small car, I was still sitting in the seat, seat belt on, the radio still blaring, and Dr. Grant looking at me with a look of confusion and worry. It also took me another moment to realize that the car was no longer running. \"Are you alright, Summer?\" Dr. Grant asked, offering me a couple of Kleenex from the box that rested in the holder between us. I took them gratefully. \"Yeah. I will be fine, bad dream\" I mumbled as I wiped my face clean. I flipped the visor down to glance at myself in the mirror, not really surprised at my snow white reflection and dark circles under my eyes. \"Where are we?\" I asked, once I determined that I had all the sweat cleared from my face. \"We are here\" Dr. Grant smiled over at me. I think my heart just sped up again. Author's Note: Hey its me again!. Scary dream huh?. Other than that I hope you enjoyed it. I am on vacation for the weeke at the moment but I am planning on getting this done!. Please review and tell me what ya think. AND, Did I mentoin, Im sorry xinfinity? ok, great!. Thanks for reading. :). xo DSB[Chapter 5] Author's Note : Hey there!. See, I told you I would be back!. Anyways, I know that in the movie Ms. Holloway mentions auditions, but Im gonna make the scene where they are showing thier powers in front of Zoom and the others the \"Audition scene\". Also I added on where Summer meets the other kids and of course, first meets Dylan :). Also, I DO NOT OWN Zoom:Academy for Superheroes. So please enjoy and remember to review!. We arrived to the facility late in the afternoon, and to my relief, it was not as humungous as in my dream. It was still a large white building, larger than what I thought it would be, and like my dream, there were people dressed in white overcoats traveling all over the place. Though when we passed by, most of them flashed me a friendly smile, the others seemed to be too busy to notice us, which was fine by me. When we'd arrived, one of the lab coats had taken my stuff and disappeared with it somewhere in the building. Dr. Grant and I continued down the hall. \"Now, you will have to go through auditions\" Dr. Grant told me as we walked down the long hallway. \"Auditions?. I thought I was already in?\" I asked, confused. Didn't my mother say that these people could help me?. \"Oh it's to see what special skills you have and are what we are looking for\" Dr. Grant said, trying to console me, but it only made me even more confused. What they were looking for? Were they looking for a specific freak of nature?. Something about superheroes?. I could feel Dr. Grant push me down towards the left of the hall, towards a large gray door, kind of like the same in my dream, my heart beat sped up a little. \"You should meet the new recruits. Get to know some of them\" he said, one hand holding the door open and the other pushing me through. \"They may become your teammates someday\" he said with a smile, before closing the door over. I stared blankly at the shut door for a moment, processing the doctor's words, before turning to the rest of the room, half filled with kids, some the same age as me, some younger. I stood there for a moment, taking in my new surroundings; it was a large white room, white walls, white titles, a large faced clock hung on the wall to my left, some of the younger kids were busy playing with some toys I guessed the facility provided. To my right, there was a large wooden table, where a mixture of older and younger where discussing something while working on something on some pieces of paper in front of them. I'm guessing it was either math, or mental exercises? Or colouring?. Across from me I could see another gray colored door, which must have led to the interrogation room. The rest of the kids were either pacing around nervously or conversing in groups. Very few of them looked up as I walked in, so I was barely noticed as I started walking towards the middle of the room, as I did so, some of the conversations caught my attention; they were talking about what their abilities were, and I had to admit, some of them sounded kind of impressive, which only made me all the more nervous. Finally somebody noticed me, \"Hey new girl!\" somebody called through the room, my attention now focused on wherever the voice came from and not where I was going, when suddenly I bumped into something hard. I stumbled back, more in shock than in pain, I looked in the direction of whatever I had bumped into, only to find nothing before me. However, before I could inquire, a tall boy with shaggy long hair suddenly materialized before me, also seemed to be in shock. \"I-I am so sorry about that\" his deep voice rang with sympathy in my ears. I looked up at him, he was way taller than me, but about my age. His long, dirty blonde hair hung around his ears and his green eyes looked over me with concern. I had to admit, he was pretty cute, and my cheeks began to flush at the thought, especially with his eyes still raked over me, concerned that he had hurt me. \"No, don't worry about it. I'm fine\" I consoled him, shining him one of my brightest smiles, which he seemed to return. There was a long moment of silence, the two of us baring down on each other like a couple of idiots, which made me blush more. Finally when I came to my senses, I extended my hand, \"I'm Summer Jones\" I said, trying to get my voice under control, to no avail, for to my ears, it still came out shaky. I earned a chuckle from the boy, before he took my hand in his larger one. I could feel the sparks as we touched, however, I tried to ignore them. \"Dylan West\" he said softly, the smile never leaving is lips, and his eyes never leaving mine. I could see a little twinkle of what looked like mischief in them, which surprised me but also intrigued me. I nodded in response, before I released his hand, mine suddenly feeling all tingly. He must be some kind of player though, I thought to myself, taking a quick glance down at his body. He showed some muscles under his shirt, not exactly bulging but it looked like he knew how to take care of himself and work out a little. Yeah, possibly a jock type, I would have to watch out for this one. \"So, I obviously don't have to explain my power\" he said with a nervous chuckle, which made the smile return to my face. He cleared his throat before continuing. \"What's yours?\" he asked, his voice still shaking slightly, and I was suddenly glad that I was not the only one nervous here. I smiled up at him, even for someone considered a freak, he was the first guy to be intrigued about me, maybe even interested. I blushed once more at this, opening my mouth to answer, however before the words could appear, the door on the far wall suddenly opened, revealing a man in a while over coat. \"Ok, we are ready for you all now\" he said, his voice business like, glancing around the room, making sure all of us had heard him, before moving to the side to let the first ones through. Dang terrible timing!. Dylan turned back towards me with a nervous smile, \"Guess it's show time!\" he said, shrugging his shoulders, as if to make a joke. He seemed to be a jokester as well, which was cool. \"Can't wait to see you in action, Summer\" he said, now a flirty smile playing on his lips, and after shooting me a wink, which made my heart flutter suddenly, he turned to walk out the door with the rest, leaving me flabbergasted. First day here and I already have a playboy stalker, perfect!, I thought to myself with a chuckle, before I filed out with the others. One by one we had to stand in front of Dr. Grant, a middle aged, scruffy looking man Jack, and one tiny, dark haired lady wearing round glasses and a white lab coat, Ms. Holloway, as they sat at a long table, show our powers and get evaluated. Or either rejected or accepted, even in the world of freaks, I rolled my eyes at this thought. I had to admit, some of them were actually useful skills, but some of them not so much. However, that did not give the middle aged, super hero wannabe to be so cruel, especially to the younger ones. \"What is this?\" he inquired as one of the younger girls stepped up and showcased her talent, which was apparently blinking really fast. \"She's just blinking really fast, that's not special! Next!\" he yelled, I watched sadly as she slowly returned to her seat. Then there was also the spit baller, which I admit, was kind of gross. \"That is certainly NOT a good skill. What would you use that for? NEXT!\" he yelled the last word, seeming to be getting angrier by the minute, his face covered in spit balls. Once again, I watched the child's face turn from excited to disappointed as he too sadly made his way back to his seat. Soon, Dylan stepped up, and Dr. Grant and the lady were instantly impressed, and me as well. However that didn't stop the man from making a snide remark. Only a few hours here and I was having enough of him already!. Finally a little girl dressed in a light blue floral sundress and ringlet pigtails finally put him in his place when he dissed her singing the alphabet. We all watched in horror and surprise as this little girl, no older than six, picked up the table over her head and flung it with ease across the room, disintegrating into pieces as it hit the wall and crashed to the floor. We all turned to see the shocked faces of Dr. Grant, Jack and Ms. Holloway. Of course they let her pass, with good reason. She was tough for a six year old!. Finally it was my turn, and slowly, I rose to my feet, feeling every eye on me as I walked up to the table. \"Alright, Summer Jones\" the middle aged man read from my folder out in front of him. \"Show us what you got\" he said, lifting his gaze to me now. With a sigh, I closed my eyes to concentrate, the minutes seemed to tick by as I could suddenly feel all the tension in the room as every eye remained on me. Snapping my eyes open, I concentrated on the glass that was on the table, focusing hard, and before long it lifted from the table and floated towards me. Still concentrating hard, I made the glass hover before me for a few seconds, before shooting it across the room to my left, I could hear everyone gasp as it shattered against the wall. I kept my cool, keeping on a hard face as I turned back towards the table, awaiting whatever judgement the middle aged super hero had this time. Of course, he could always be counted on, for he began making a sound of a sound FX you might here in a supernatural movie. \"I see things\" I hissed at him, annoyed. He leaned forward slightly in response, \"Can you see dead people?\" he shot back, I scoffed at his question before answering \"I see that you suffer from a massive inferiority complex\" I shot back, rolling my eyes as he commented to Ms. Holloway beside him, returning to the bench with the others. As I settled in my seat, I caught something in the corner of my eye. I turned to see Dylan staring intently at me, his face appeared to be impressed with what I had done up there. Wasn't sure if it was the remarks or the power he was so impressed with. I could not hold back a blush as a smile spread across his face, his eyes shining with something. I got so flustered, I broke our gazes, returning my attention to the floor, where a little Latino boy, maybe ten, announced he was some kind of gas giant, before anyone could stop him, the room suddenly stunk to the highest heaven!. It wasn't much longer before the auditions where done, Dr. Grant, Jack and Ms. Holloway got to their feet, folders in hand, and walked over to where we all still sat on the benches. \"Alright. You were all wonderful today, but I am afraid only four of you will advance\" Dr. Grant announced, a murmur fell over all of the kids, I only glanced between them in inquiry. \"When I call your name, please come forward\" Ms. Holloway announced, the murmurs dying now. She opened one of the folders in her hand, calling the little blonde in the sundress, Cindy, forward. The room thundered with congratulatory applause. She opened another one, this time calling an overly chubby, whose ability was to make any part of his body blow up like a balloon, Tucker, forward, and more applause thundered through the room. Anticipation and anxiety settled through the room as there were only two spots left. \"Dylan West\", Dr. Grant called through the room, my inquiries were confirmed as I watched Dylan jump to his feet, bumping fists with one of the other boys beside him in congrats, before joining the other qualifiers in the middle of the room. \"And lastly, Summer Jones\" Dr. Grant announced, however I was too shocked to move towards the middle of the room. I had actually been picked? I never get picked!. The room once more roared with applause but It wasn't until someone pushed me to my feet that I returned to life, glancing around nervously, before finally shuffling forward and taking the last spot in line beside the little blonde, who flashed me an excited smile, which I returned nervously. Once again, I caught sight of Dylan staring at me, this time, a smile already spread across his face, my heart jittered as he added a slight nod. I returned his smile before my attention fell on the rest of the kids. \"Thank you all for coming out today, you were all extraordinary\" Ms. Holloway said, I watched as one by one the rest of the kids got to their feet, searching the line I saw some long faces and some looked like they were close to tears. \"You may go, return to your lives. Thank you for your time!\" Ms. Holloway and Dr. Grant shouted encouraging words as the kids all began filing out of the room by the lab coat men. My heart slightly sunk in my chest, though not entirely for the kids. They get to return to their lives? Their homes?. Lucky little-, \"Alright, children!\" Dr. Grant suddenly caught my attention once again. Dr. Grant, Ms. Holloway and Jack all stood in front of us now, wide smiles plastered on the first two's faces. \"Children, welcome to the Zenith Project\" Ms. Holloway said excited, though it left the rest of us confused, though Cindy seemed to be the only one as excited as Ms. Holloway. Oh, this should be interesting!. Author's Note: If you reading this, you've must have read it, and hopefully enjoyed it :). Now please leave your comments and/or questions or suggestions (im open to them as long as they are NOT FLAMES). See you in a few days, guys!. :) xo DSB[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Yo!. How's everyone?. OK, so you guys wanted it bad enough, so I decided to continue with the story and see how it goes. I am really gonna try to commit to finishing this story, it may take some time (hopefully not as long as the last break) but I am definitely gonna commit. Thanks again for all your encouragement and support, it means alot that you guys still care and love this story. I also hope this makes up for the long break; now its not perfect, cause its been a while since I wrote about this, even had to go back at watch the movie, but I hope you guys like it anyways. Few things: Italics=Summer thinking to herself . And I do not own Zoom or any of the characters, just the plot. :P. Enjoy! Summer's POV I watched as the rest of the special kids were dismissed, walking somewhat dejectedly towards the door. Oh how I wished I could have joined them, I didn't want to be here in the first place!. The only good thing about this whole thing was meeting that Dylan guy, I stopped for a moment as I the thought of him smiling down at me. Oh no!, he's gotten into my head already !. As the rest disappeared from view, and we heard the door shut softly behind them, I turned my full attention to Dr. Grant, Ms. Halloway and the old fart standing in front of us, the smiles they were giving us were slightly creeping me out. Well, at least Zoom wasn't smiling, he looked rather bored, kind of like how I felt. \"Welcome to the Zenith Team, children!\" Dr. Grant said cheerfully, extending his arms out towards us as if he was going to hug us, I took a step back just in case. \"Over the next few weeks, you will be living here at the facility, learning how to better control your powers by Ms. Halloway and trained by Mr. Zoom here\" he gestured towards the two respectively, Ms. Halloway smiling, Zoom's expression remained the same. \"And I and some of the other scientist will be monitoring your progress\" Dr. Grant finished with a smile. Dylan, Tucker, Cindy and I all glanced uncertainty at each other, I caught Dylan's eye before turning back to Dr. Grant. \"You mean, we will be watched?\" I asked curiously. The smile seemed to have slipped from Dr. Grant's face at the suggestion. \"I wouldn't call it watching Miss Jones, however—\" Dr. Grant tried to explain, \"But watched\" Dylan added smugly, causing the Tucker, Cindy and I to chuckle, Ok, so he was kind of funny, I'll admit. Damn it!. Dr. Grant tried to regain himself a moment, suddenly very uncomfortable under our giggles. After a moment, and getting us to settle down, he continued again, \"Anyways, here are your uniforms,\" Dr. Grant gestured behind us where four guys in the short sleeved blue uniforms walked up to each of us and handing us a pile of folded bright orange clothes. Oh great, I already feel like I'm in jail. Now I have to look like an orange?, I grumbled to myself as I eyed the clothes in my arms. \"And we shall show you to your rooms\" Dr. Grant finished, already beginning to walk off, Tucker, Dylan, Cindy and I falling in line behind him and some military guys, I glanced behind me to see Ms. Halloway and Zoom followed behind us, kind of awkwardly as they did the whole \"you go first\" thing. I smiled to myself before turning back towards the front, but not before catching Dylan winking mischievously at me, causing me to hide my face as my face turned hot. This is gonna be a looooong couple weeks!. As we made our way down the hall, avoiding other men in lab coats, \"We get our own rooms?\" Cindy piped up excitedly, the little blond running ahead to walk alongside the old professor. Dr. Grant looked down at her, a wide smile spread across his face, \"Why yes, Cindy. You shall have your own rooms, but don't worry, the others will be close by as well\" he assured, gaining a toothy grin from the young girl. I rolled my eyes, what croc that was. Obviously they are just playing innocent for her sake!. God knows what they are really gonna do to us. Probably give candy to the younger ones and torture me and Dylan separately. That's when my thoughts returned back to the shaggy haired teen. I glanced to my right where Dylan walked just ahead of me. I suppose he could feel my eyes on him because after a moment, he glanced over his shoulder, realized it was me who was staring at him, and shot me one of those smiles that made your heart skip, my cheeks once again turned as red as my hair, before we both turned away. I will definitely have to keep my guard up, especially around him. Ugh!. As we continued down the hallway, Ms. Halloway and Zoom broke off in different directions confirming they would meet us later, and bidding us goodbye, we followed Dr. Grant down a long hallway, and around a long turn, when we finally came across a large room. Tucker, Cindy, Dylan and I looked around in awe. It was a fairly large room, separated into two parts, a large sitting with a square table, large comfy chairs surrounded it. There was a large screen TV mounted on the wall, and another smaller table with chairs in the far corner. The second part of the room had six large glass compartments lined the walls, each with sliding glass doors and curtains for privacy, on the other side. They all held medium sized beds, a night stand and a desk with a lamp. I didn't know about the others, but to me, it looked far too small. This is supposed to be \"our rooms\"?. \"This is where we are staying?\" Dylan asked, obviously he had the same idea as me, I suddenly felt thankful that I was not alone. Dr. Grant just nodded. \"Yes. The scientists and I had it made special for you all\" he smiled as if very proud, even if just for coming up with the idea. There was another long pause before Dr. Grant spoke again, \"Alright children, get settled and changed and I will take you all on a small tour of our great facility\" he said, another smile spreading wide across his face. None of us responded, Cindy merely smiled gratefully back at him, before he took that as his leave, turned on his heel, and he and the other military guys walked back out of the room, and left us be. Almost immediately, Tucker and Cindy ran into their separate rooms, and even though they closed the doors, you could still hear Cindy squealing with excitement inside her room. There was an awkward silence that settled between us as Dylan and I just stood there. I tried my best to avoid his gaze, but my cheeks burned as I could feel his eyes watching me intently. \"So I guess we're going to be stuck here a while\" Dylan commented, I looked up into his eyes, only to see a cocky smile on his face and a glint in his eye. \"And get to know each other better\" he continued, offering me one of his charming smiles, I bet makes all the girls at his school swoon. Despite my resistance however, I couldn't help but feel my heart skip a beat at his smile. God! I can't be distracted by some boy! Especially not some angst-ridden playboy!. Snap out of it, Summer!, I cursed myself, lowering my gaze to the floor, hoping to hide my face from him so he won't notice my inner battle I'm sure is evident on my face. \"Yeah I guess\" I said, trying to sound nonchalant as I made my way towards my room, Dylan stopping me at the door as he called my name once more, \"I really do want to get to know you better, and hopefully we can be friends\" he said, sending me one more heart-melting smile before disappearing into his own room. I stood there for a moment, I could feel my heart going a mile-a-minute. As much as I tried to resist him, I knew that he had already broken through my defenses. Twenty minutes later, I emerged from my room, and looked around for the others, Cindy and Tucker were seated in front of the TV watching some cartoon, Dylan however, was no where's to be found. I couldn't help but feel a little relieved as I walked up to join Tucker and Cindy in the sitting area part of the room, plunking down on one of the soft couches. I greeted them, and they greeted back before silence fell over the three of us once more. I glanced around for something to do, though I couldn't help but wonder about the absence of our fourth member. \"Where's Dylan?\" I asked before I could stop myself, the two kids glanced at me, Cindy's smile broke out in a small smile that confused me a little, She know something I don't? , Tucker merely turned back to the program. \"He's around somewhere\" Cindy told me, before turning back to the TV again, I couldn't quite make out the tone of her voice. It was somewhere between nonchalant and knowing. Before I could inquire, I suddenly felt something materialize beside me and was shocked to turn and see Dylan smiling at me from beside me on the couch. \"Hi!\" he greeted as if it was normal to just materialize beside someone, and I suppose it was for him, but not so much for me, and I sprung back on the couch, gasping. It took a moment for me to regain myself, a hand to my chest as I tried to calm my beating heart. I could see Dylan watching me amused from the corner of my eye, what a jerk!. \"God, Dylan! You scared the life out of me!\" I scolded, still trying to calm myself, though trying to remain annoyed at the same time. \"Sorry\" he replied softly, offering a friendly smile though it only caused my heart to beat even faster, god damn his charm!, I thought to myself. \"But if it makes you feel any better, I would have revived you, I know CPR\" He offered, I thought he was serious until he wagged his eyebrows at me in a flirty manner. I sighed, rolling my eyes. \"Seriously? You really have to stop that too\" I said, annoyed, though I noticed Dylan shooting me a curious look from the corner of my eye, \"Stop what?\" he inquired. \"Being so unbelievably cute?\" he smirked at me, which I did admit, was kind of cute, Oh dear lord he is affecting me so bad!. I tried my best to hide it, by giving him an irritable groan and rolling my eyes. However, I don't think he quite believed my façade, because a genuine smile spread across his face. He looked like he was about to respond, when we could hear footsteps coming from down the hall, and soon, Dr. Grant appeared with four other men dressed in military wear. Once again, Dr. Grant smiled down at us, somehow it still creep me out, \"Children, it is time to go\" he said. Cindy and Tucker instantly jumped to their feet, while Dylan tried offering me hand to help me up, however I merely ignored him and stood up on my own, before brushing past him and following the kids out. We fell in formation; Cindy and Tucker in front of Dylan and I, though I was slightly ahead so I was not side by side with him, in between the four military guys, Dr. Grant leading the way as we walked down the hallway. He gestured to various doorways and even showed us some test areas where he said we would be working, however, I was barely paying attention. Even when I was slightly in front of him, I could still feel Dylan's eyes watching me, a shiver running down my spine at the feeling. I tried my best to shake it off, play it cool like by ignoring him. However the feeling only grew as we entered one of the test areas, where scientists told us to stood in a line and we were measured up and down, prodded and poked. Once, I glanced in the direction of Dylan, only to regret it, for I was instantly met with that satisfied smirk spread across his pretty face. Though I was torn, half of me felt an overwhelming need to smack that smirk so hard off his face, his head would spin for weeks, though the other part of me felt like a childish little girl as I felt my heart race and face start to flame up. What is this boy doing to me?. Author's Note: Ok guys, how was that?. You might have noticed that I broke up the sentences a little bit so that it would be a little easier to read, was it?. Anyways, I know it was kind of short, but I hope you enjoyed it anyways. Aaaand I'm already working on the next chapter so I should have that up in a couple of days, week tops (i hope). Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed, thank you all for your support! You guys are really awesome :)3. Please remember to review, no flames please, and hopefully you will see me again in a couple of days :). All the best. XO DSB[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Hey guys! First off, I am SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SORRY that it took this long to update, seriously, I feel really bad!. I'll admit, I have been lazy and prcrastating, though I have had MAJOR writer's block and I am COMPLETELY OBSESSED with Austin & Ally. Any of you watch it? I love it, they are just too cute! Not the point! Anyways, I hope you will forgive me, and I also hope you will like this chapter. It's kinda Summer's thoughts on everything; Cindy, Tucker, and of course Dylan. Enjoy and please remember to review!. Disclaimer: I do not own Zoom:Academy for Superheroes, OR any of the characters, just the plot :). ON WITH THE SHOW! Summer's POV We continued down the hallway another few minutes before turning a corner and continued down another hallway, however, instead of solid walls on each side, the walls were divided by glass and inside looked like different labs where experiments were being conducted. I slowed slightly and watched closely as a group of men dressed in lab coats and goggles were crowded around a table, I couldn't see what they were surrounded around, however, in a matter of seconds, there was a flash of light, and smoke begun to rise from the middle of the circle. Before I could see any reaction, they were already out of sight, the walls becoming solid again as we continued down the hall, I turned to , \"What were they experimenting in there?\" I asked him curiously. Dr. Grant didn't turn towards me however, I heard him chuckle weakly, making me uneasy, \"Oh, nothing you have to worry about, Miss Jones\" he said calmly, \"They are just here to help you with your training\" he stated simply and we continued down the hallway in silence, though I couldn't settle the uneasy feeling. What kind of experiments that's supposed to help us, explode? Finally, we were in front of a door with a small window in the middle, in a matter of minutes, Dr. Grant opening the door for us, and we filed inside. Though I was disappointed to reveal it to be a room converted into a classroom, science-y type posters all over the walls, and curved tables and chairs lined on each side of the room, creating a sort of a isle, it even included lockers in the corner of the room. I felt a chill run through me as I felt like I was back in high school, the only difference was you only had to endure the scrutiny from the other kids for 5 hours and then escape to your house. However, this place was my home now, and I couldn't escape, though I was among other freakazoids so that kid of helped, I guess. That's when my thoughts returned to the shaggy haired, brown eyed smug boy, glancing around as I took a seat at one of the tables furthest from the front, Tucker and Cindy taking the ones in the front. However, the tall boy was no where's in sight. Hmm, he was here, just a minute ago, I thought confused. It took me a minute to realize what I was thinking, shaking my head vigorously in order to remove such thoughts. When did I care? Pfff, I don't and never will!, I thought angrily to myself. Despite my best efforts though, those pesky thoughts about that jerk-face just wouldn't leave, so I decided to distract myself by writing a letter back to my parents. As much as I hate them for sending me here, I still love them and miss them terribly, though I would never admit it. I took one of the notebooks left for me on the table, and one of the pens, and begun writing; Dear Mom and Dad, How are you guys? Everything's fine here, despite becoming a prisoner in this mental institution, thanks for that. There is one upside though, I have met other kids like me, well, not the same powers, but \"freaks\" like me. There's Cindy, she's only 6 and a cute little blonde haired, blue eyed girl. Despite her looks though, she can left up to a thousand pounds up above her head!. She also has an iron grip, one that could make even a grown man wince in pain. She is so cute though, with her high energy and her bright smile could melt your heart on contact. I think you would like her best, Mom, I think I like her best. Then there is Tucker, he's only Twelve, but he has an ENORMOUS appetite that can put even you to shame, Dad. His power is expanding his body to an ungodly size, and also bounces away any enemies. Despite being a little chubby and almost constantly eating, he has a great sense of humor and has a kind heart. He's always being like an older brother to Cindy, and a somewhat annoying yet cute little brother to myself and Dylan. And that leaves me to the other teenager of the group, Dylan. He's only a year older than me, and I guess would be considered a \"bad boy\" cause he's got a little bit of an attitude. I guess he's probably as bitter as me about being in this hell hole (sorry for the language). And I know what you're thinking Mother, seventeen year old boy, freak like me, bad boy attitude and good looks to match, something could come from that right? WRONG! I already dislike the guy because of his smug attitude, and I refuse to let anything happen while I'm here, I won't, so stop rolling your eyes at me, Mom!. …it was then that I suddenly felt a presence from in front of me, and sure enough, Dylan materialized in front of me, sitting backwards in his chair, crossing his arms as he leaned in, watching me curiously. \"That is getting so old\" I grumbled, not raising my eyes to him, or even stopping my writing, though I hoped my words would distract him from my writing. \"Well, considering you can read my mind, I don't have many options\" he countered, I could feel his eyes rise from the page to look at me, I know he was hoping to catch mine. The comment did however catch my attention in annoyance, Nice pick up line, jackass!, I thought sarcastically as I met his hazel eyes. I could see something sparkle in them, however I quickly repressed my growing feelings. \"I can't read minds, I just feel stuff\" I stated simply, making sure a looked him square in the eye so the point got across, before returning back to my notebook, \"And you could stop entirely\" I continued softly, though loud enough for him to hear me, as I continued to scribble across the page. I heard him chuckle, \"I can't do that\" he said, catching my attention once more, halting in my writing once more, and looked up into his eyes, curiously. Oh god, why not?, I couldn't help but think grumpily, despite feeling my heartbeat start to pick up. \"You and I, We're destiny\" he stated simply, and despite my best efforts, I couldn't help but let my heart thump wildly in my chest, and I felt a smile spread across my face. Damn you, teenage hormones! Stop it, STOP IT PLEASE!, I begun to think, however, it was suddenly drowned out by my heart, You have to admit, he is pretty cute! You guys actually have something in common, and he actually likes you! . OMG! Now my heart is deceiving me!, My thoughts whirled wildly in my head, an now my heart. Luckily, we were interrupted by the sudden presence of Miss Halloway, \"Children, I would like to formally introduce you to a great man, Mr. Jack Sheppard\" Author's Note: Ok guys, that's it. I hope that didn't bore you too much. Keep in mind, I wrote this in a couple of hours, cause I didn't want to keep you guys waiting any longer, so be gentle. Also, I am already writing the next chapter, so if I can beat this prcrastination/writer's block thing, I should have it up soon. Anywho, that's it for me, I hope you liked the chapter, please review and please be gentle, which I know you guys will :) (I hope lol :P). XO DSB :)[Chapter 8] Hey guys! I just wanted to post this to let you guys know that Ilovereadingtoomuch has adopted this story so if you want to continue reading it, go to her profile. She already posted the next chapter and its really good, I suggest you go check her out, show your support. So, that being said, the story is officially hers and I will be deleting this story in about a week. Anyone else want to adopt one of the stories, just PM me. Thanks again guys. And shoutout to Ilovereadingtoomuch, I dunno if your gonna read this but good luck girl. Love you guys! Don't Stop Believein' ","Summary":" Author's Note: I was watching \"Zoom\" the other night, and I thought it was really good, it was ki"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Healing & Recovery, a Zoom fanfiction","Author":"Sairahiniel SakuraAeris1497","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9397265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Healing & Recovery *AN: Hey, ladies & gentleman, Sairahiniel SakuraAeris1497 here! What's up? I hope those of you following my account are enjoying the fanfiction I've been writing. I had an idea of a Zoom fanfiction after watching the movie recently and I wanted to do a Conner/OC fanfiction, set after the events of the movie. Please let me know if my OC comes across as Mary Sue-ish or if I'm not portraying the characters correctly. I do not own Zenith, Zoom, or any other references from the movie. Please enjoy & thank you for your time and consideration. Your comments and feedback really help so once again, thanks and good luck to any future authors and writers out there. Luv u!* Chapter 1: Cure Acquired! It had been 4 months since the events of the battle at Area 52, and everyone had gone their seperate ways; they had their own life's to live, after all: Cindy was in kindergarten, doing various school plays and using her strength to help out around school, literally. Tucker made it on the school soccer team and was adored by all his teammates for his goal saves. Dylan and Summer led a good love-life as the young man stopped making 'Code Dylans' and Summer joined the cheerleading squad, finally going from a loser to a popular girl in a matter of months. Connor, however, had a difficult time compared to his teammates. He still felt guilt and grief over killing his old teammates 30 years ago, almost killing Jack and Cindy, and everything in between thus far. Jack and Marsha, as well as the others tried to help him recover, but it just wasn't working out for them. They had all tried everything, but they needed someone with a better approach. Someone who had gone through the same kind of pain as Connor. All they needed was someone who could heal someone who felt like all hope was lost, a chance encounter, perhaps... Jack and Marsha were sitting in the female scientist's office, thinking about how to help Connor. He had been having nightmares for the past couple of weeks, recently, and only sedatives made him sleep. They needed to find him a cure and they needed to find it fast before Connor began taking his anger out on himself. Just as they started to think again, a message came in on Marsha's computer. It was from Grant and it read: 'Marsha, Jack, You are never going to believe this! I have found someone with special abilities while out and about in town. I don't know what to call it other than telepathy of some sort. We could find use for their gift somehow and maybe they can be of use to Zenith. The person I speak of is a young girl of about 18 from looks alone. She doesn't say much, technically anything at all, but she is very kind and gentle. She goes to the same school as Dylan, Summer, and Connor but she is never in their classes, or maybe she is. Who knows? I certainly don't. I will send her to you at 8 a.m. Don't be late! Other than that, good luck and please make her feel welcome. Go Team Zenith! -Grant.' Marsha and Jack read the message, often doing double takes and blinking their eyes repeatingly. They stared at the screen for several minutes before Marsha gasped, \"A new...m-member? So soon?\" \"Well, Zenith's popular now, so who wouldn't join? They come for me, you know?\" \"Oh really? I thought they came to save the world, not for looking at flab.\" \"Well, they do but-Hey!\" Marsha giggled innocently at Jack's reaction before the laughter subsided into complete silence. The two stared at each other before Jack sighed, \"So, we have to meet this girl tomorrow at 8?\" \"That's what Grant said.\" \"Well, as much as I like sleeping in, adding a new 'family' member is a big thing for this group. We can always find a use for a telepath and maybe, she may be the 'one' that can help us with our problem.\" \"I like your thinking, Jack. Let's just hope she is the one.\" \"I hope so too...Well, I'm going to bed, so I'll see you on the morning. Goodnight, Marsha.\" \"Goodnight, Jack.\" The man departed from the office and made it to his bedroom, sleeping peacefully for the night. In that night, no sound came from Connor's bedroom but Jack still worried for his brother. Never in his life had he seen a man so scared of a distant memory. Connor had almost CRIED just thinking about those 30 years ago and it caused emotions and pangs of guilt and grief to his heart that were not normally shown to the world. Connor was depressed and needed a cure, but no one knew how to help him. Not even Summer could help him and she was an empath! Connor needed to see pain in another's eyes, to help someone who was struggling recover. If he could help someone else, maybe he cold heal himself and who knows? Maybe something good could come out of it. Jack smiled in his sleep, thinking about this mystery girl and how she could help Connor in her own special way. Beep! Beep! Beep!- The noise was heard as loud as a siren. Jack tossed and turned as he reached for that stupid alarm clock. He squirmed to find that darned clock before he finally shot out of bed like a cheetah and slammed the button, ceasing that blasted beeping. He groggily rubbed his eyes down to his jaw as he rolled out of bed to get ready to meet the new member of Zenith. He did his daily routine of brushing his teeth, putting on a fresh shirt and pants, and brushing his hair (well, at least what hair he had left). He quickly ate in the mess hall before he met Marsha outside her office. The two walked to the lab together when Grant approached them, \"Oh, you're early!\" \"Yeah, we are.\" Jack sighed before he yawned. \"Where is she?\" Marsha asked, looking around for the girl. \"Who?\" Grant cocked his head, confused, before Marsha exclaimed, \"The girl!\" \"Oh, the girl! Right! Follow me and introduce you two.\" The two followed Grant down the hallway until they reached an ivory door. The door slid open and revealed a room where a young girl, technically young lady, was awake and reading a book. As soon as the door opened, the woman rose from the chair she sat on and greeted Grant with a chaste yet gentle nod. Marsha smiled at the girl while Jack just stared with his arms crossed over his chest. \"Hello, my dear. I'm Marsha and this is my partner, Jack. We're the leaders of the new Team Zenith and it's nice to have you here. Welcome to the family.\" \"Yeah-Uhh-What she said! Welcome to the family.\" Jack stuttered as he struggled to stay awake before the girl giggled innocently. She struggled to stop the urge to laugh but found it difficult and let loose some giggles. Marsha looked to Grant and inquired, \"Does she speak, Grant, or is she mute?\" \"She is neither, Doctor. She is capable of talking but she's very shy and prefers to use telepathy to communicate. I hope this won't interfere with her teamwork with the others, will it?\" \"I'm sure she'll be fine. Thank you, Grant, and we'll be sure to make her welcome here.\" \"Yeah, Grant. Thanks!\" \"You're welcome and good luck.\" With that, Grant took off to do research or something while Jack and Marsha led the girl to where the others were: The mess hall.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: First Impressions The four children were messing around, having their own food fight while Connor remained silent until...some food flew at him. Connor joined in despite the fact that he was thinking about his past and was depressed until Jack, Marsha, and the girl entered. All the team members exchanged glances before Jack smirked, \"Connor, really?\" \"It's not what it looks like, Jackie...I swear!\" \"Oh, I know what happened and it was definitely not a microwave exploding...Anyways, good morning.\" \"Good morning, Mr. Shepard!\" Cindy grinned while everyone else said their own good morning to the man. Everything went on as normal, almost as if it were a daily routine until Cindy noticed the strange, young woman, \"Mr. Shepard?\" \"Yes, Cindy.\" \"Who is the pretty lady? She looks like a princess.\" The young woman blushed as Cindy finished her statement, smiling sweetly before Jack stuttered with his mouth making an 'O' shape. Marsha decided to jump in by explaining, \"This young lady is a new member to our family. She's one of us now, so I expect you guys to make her welcome and show her around. Just make her feel like one of our own.\" \"Yeah, we'll do that!\" \"Don't worry about a thing. The girl will be one of us before the day is over.\" Summer added as Marsha beamed, \"Great! Well, Jack and I have to run but we'll see you later, okay?\" \"Okay, see you later. She's in safe hands.\" Dylan replied as the two adults walked away, leaving the girl alone with her new teammates. The young woman looked around and took in her surroundings until Cindy interrupted her thoughts by beaming, \"Hi, I'm Cindy.\" The woman nodded gently and shook Cindy's hand. Everyone thought this was weird that the woman wouldn't speak as Tucker asked Dylan, \"Dylan, does she speak or do you think she's mute?\" Dylan shrugged as he remarked, \"I don't know, dude. I wish I did.\" Summer stared at the girl, along with Connor until she replied, \"She's neither, guys. She is capable of talking but she prefers not to.\" \"Why?\" Cindy asked before the woman sent a message to all her teammates, \" Don't be afraid of the voice in your head. It's just me using my gift. The older girl is right: I am capable of talking, but I choose not to. I use my gift of telepathy to communicate with others.\" The members looked at her in shock, even Summer did, until Dylan questioned, \"You're a telepath?\" The woman nodded as she sent another message, \"Yes, I am...I actually have a request for you all: I'd like to meet you all properly if you don't mind.\" \"Sure thing! I'm Dylan or Houdini.\" The woman nodded as she went around and met all the members. \"Summer or Wonder.\" Another nod came. \"Tucker. You can also call me Mega Boy.\" Yet another nod. \"Hi! I'm Cindy but everyone calls me Princess.\" The woman gave another nod before she came face to face with Connor. Connor tried to remain calm as he introduced himself to the girl, \"Hello. I'm Connor.\" The woman nodded again with a gentle smile before she looked into the man's sapphire eyes and asked, \"You're Concussion, right?\" Everyone stood still and wide-eyed at the girl's question as she FINALLY spoke while Connor stared at the woman, dumbfounded and shocked, as he stuttered, \"Y-Yes, I am.\" \"There's no need to be scared of me talking and all. I know it's surprising, but don't be frightened...And Connor, it wasn't your fault. It was the chemical they hit you with.\" Conner looked down at the floor until the woman put a warm, comforting hand on his shoulder, beaming him such a bright smile that he formed a small grin upon his face as he grabbed her hand in a comforting gesture. The woman turned to Dylan as he inquired, \"Do you have a name?\" The woman thought a moment before responding, \"It's Cassandra.\" \"Cassandra...That's a pretty name.\" Summer remarked as Cassandra beamed, \"Thanks, Summer.\" Everyone got comfortable being around their new teammate as Dylan suggested, \"Shall we go?\" \"Go where, Dylan?\" Tucker asked as Summer explained, \"Jack and Marsha told us to introduce this girl to people and get familiar with her surroundings. We're supposed to make her feel welcome.\" \"But, she won't talk to anybody.\" \"She's just shy, Tucker, that's all,\" Summer reasoned before Dylan chimed in, \"Why're we whispering?\" \"I don't want to hurt her feelings.\" \"You're not hurting my feelings.\" Cassandra replied as the three team members swerved around, their breath catching in their throats as Tucker stuttered, \"Oh, Cassandra. We didn't know- I mean, I-\" \"It's all right, Tucker. I get that a lot when I don't speak to people and it's cool.\" Dylan heaved a sigh before stating, \"Not to be rude, but you're speaking to us. Why are you?\" \"Dylan!\" Cindy yelled across the room before Cassandra toned down the situation, \"No, it's okay, Cindy. I'm used to it...There are reasons why I don't speak much or at all and I'll tell you. You're ,y new family and you have to know me to understand me. I don't speak much because I'm naturally shy and withdrawn. Always have been and always will be...I also don't speak because I'm observant and study my surroundings: The people in my surroundings, the body language of everyone around me, and even the location itself. I prefer to listen more than speak because I'm what you call a 'book-smart' or 'brains over brawn' type of person.\" \"Cool.\" Tucker whispered before Cassandra continued, \"Now, back to your first idea, you wouldn't mind showing me around?\" \"Not at all. You're new here and you need to learn the ropes. So what do you say?\" \"I-I'd love to. Thanks.\" \"No problem.\" Summer chimed in as she grabbed Dylan's hand. Cindy grabbed Cassandra's hand and the woman took it, beaming a smile at the girl as they walked. Connor and Tucker walked beside each other while the elder man stared at the girl. In Connor's eyes, there was something about this girl that made him want to be around her more and although he didn't know what it was, he didn't care. He was entranced by her beauty even though her beauty was not perfect and just thinking about her made him smile. The group showed her around all the labs, hallways, and every nook and cranny you can think of. Most of the rooms were white or ivory with brightly colored lights running through the sides of the walls like chemicals in tubes in the labs. Cassandra was enjoying the tour and was picturing in her head where everything was, piecing together the rooms in her new 'home.' At the end of said tour, she thanked her new teammates: \"Thanks again for the tour. It really helped.\" \"No problem. Anytime.\" Dylan beamed as the group heard a group of beeping noises. They all looked down at their phones and saw the source of the beeping: They needed to get to training immediately. Summer sighed before she replied, \"Duty calls. We're late for class.\" The group groaned before Cindy raised her hand to speak as she asked prettily, \"Cassandra, would you like to come to class with us?\" \"I don't know. Will I be a distraction if I do?\" Summer shook her head as she explained, \"No, you'll fit right in and Marsha did say to make you feel welcome. Please come with us. Cindy won't take 'no' for an answer.\" \"Well-\" \"Please?\" Cindy asked as she gave Cassandra a puppy dog pout before the woman responded, \"Oh, what the heck! I can't resist your offer or Cindy's adorable face, so I'll come.\" The two girls were excited at Cassandra's approval as they hurried down the hall with the others, waiting to here a 'Where were you?' from Jack and a 'What were you thinking? You're late!' from Marsha. Sure enough, that's exactly what they heard as they entered the room: \"Where were you?\" Jack asked as he crossed his arms over his chest. \"What were you thinking? You're late!\" Marsha exclaimed as she gave the group a stink-eye. It took a while before Dylan spoke up, \"We were showing Cassandra around the place so she'd feel more comfortable.\" \"Cassandra?!\" Jack shouted before Summer stated, \"That's her name. She told us so.\" \"She speaks?\" Marsha gasped as Cassandra replied, \"Yes, ma'am, I do.\" Marsha and Jack did a double-take as the words dripped from Cassandra's mouth, making the team bust out into a fit of laughter. When the moment had subsided, training and learning began. Cassandra sat through the whole session of the day, paying attention to small details and information being taught by the two adults. Occasionally, she'd exchange glances with Connor and his big, blue eyes before either he'd turn away or she'd blush as she turned away. Cassandra could never get over the fact that she was sitting near Concussion, the Concussion from 30 years ago, but she wasn't afraid of him and in a way, she forgave him for all he had done. Cassandra also couldn't get over the fact that Connor had such big, blue eyes that glowed like sapphires in the sun, and just thinking about his eyes made Cassandra's heart skip a beat. Connor on the other hand wasn't paying attention much as he stared at Cassandra when her attention was to the board or something. In his eyes, she was beautiful and no one and nothing could change that opinion. When class and training was over, the members all went to the mess hall for dinner, including Cassandra into the mix. Cassandra laughed and spoke with her comrades in a way that was special to her and the group quickly included her as one of them, despite the fact that she didn't say much. When all was said and done, those that wanted to sleep did while the others stayed up until they were tired. Connor, Summer, Dylan, and Cassandra stayed up while the others went to sleep. Dylan and Summer snuggled together on the couch while Connor sat beside Cassandra, who was currently reading a book, the same book she read when she met Jack and Marsha. \"What are you reading?\" Connor asked as Cassandra looked up from her book and responded, \"Oh, this is 'Romeo & Juliet.' It's a love story with a sad ending and although I don't understand Elizabethan language, I can still pick up the gist of it.\" \"Interesting.\" Connor beamed before he remained silent as he watched her read, paying close attention to her body language and body itself. After reading a couple more chapters, Cassandra yawned, \"Well, I guess I'll go get some shut-eye. Night, guys.\" \"Goodnight, Cassandra.\" They all replied before Cassandra yawned again and went to her new room. Connor and the two teenaged lovers followed suit. As Connor made it to his room, he shut his door and took off his shirt before falling upon the bed, pulling the sheets over him for the night. As he closed his eyes, an image played back in his mind, but it wasn't those memories of 30 years ago. It was the image of Cassandra, the girl that had entranced Connor. As he dreamed of her, he thought about her appearance: Auburn hair, braided most times but it cascaded like waves down her back all the way to 2 inches above the waist, amethyst eyes that glowed bright when she smiled, and skin that glowed and was light olive. She wore jeans and a simple tank top underneath a dark, button-down sweater, to cover her body up so people wouldn't see it. Overall, she was very pretty and anyone would be lucky to have her. She was easy on the eyes and was kind according to Connor, and in a way, thinking about her soothed him way from his memories of years ago. She brought him a comfort that he thought couldn't come and the more he thought about her, the more curious he got. Connor was determined to understand her, even if they had just met and he was determined to do it alone...[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Training with the Family & Golden Glow It was about 6 O' clock when Cassandra woke up. By this time, she had gotten up to brush her teeth, shower, and put her hair up before she began training today. She was a new member after all and had to begin training very soon. The first part of her routine was to get up and brush her teeth without waking her comrades up. That proved successful as she turned on the water and scrubbed her teeth for a couple minutes before hopping into the shower for a quick wash. There were only 2 sinks and 2 showers for 6 members, so of course they had to share and take turns. The water felt so nice upon Cassandra's skin as she scrubbed the soap onto her body. When she was satisfied with her cleanliness, she hopped out, turned the water off, and dried off before pulling out a fresh tank top and robe from her gym bag, suitcase technically, and putting them on. The next part of her routine was to brush and braid her long hair to keep it out of her face. She meticulously brushed her hair before braiding it into a ponytail to prevent it from tangling, securing it with a thin, rubber band. Then, she wrapped the braid around to make a bun, securing it with large bobby pins generally used for ballet students before she secured it all with a black hair tie. She looked in the mirror to see if she did it right before smiling and returning to her room to read more of her book. She had just finished Act 2 when an alarm went off. It came from one of the bedrooms and she could hear moaning as the person struggled to turn it off. Finally, she heard a crash and the alarm stopped. Cassandra giggled, thinking the person had either broken the alarm or fallen off the bed to reach the beeping machine, but then returned to preparing for the day as she put her book back in her bag. She heard voices outside as she listened in, \"Should I wake her up?\" \"No, I'll wake her up but thanks anyways, Cindy. You go take a shower before the guys.\" Cassandra saw a feminine figure walk to her room with a clothing item in her hand as the door flew open. \"Oh, Cassy! You're up early!\" \"So, now my name's Cassy?\" \"I didn't mean to-\" \"It's okay. I like Cassy better. Good morning, Summer.\" \"Good morning. Ready for training?\" \"I guess. I can't hold it off any longer and I knew when I came here I'd have to train eventually, so what better time than now?\" \"I guess you're right.\" \"What's that you got there?\" Cassandra asked, looking down at the clothing in Summer's hands before the teenager explained, \"Oh, this is your jumpsuit. The base has plenty of them but Marsha found this for you the night before and asked me to give it to you when I woke up. I just hope it fits.\" Cassandra took the yellow, astronaut jumpsuit from Summer as she took off her robe and cast it aside on a nearby chair. Cassandra slipped into the suit and it surprisingly fit fine. \"What do you think?\" Cassandra asked as Summer beamed, \"Although you look good in dark clothes, I must say you look good.\" \"Thanks.\" \"No problem. Oh, and you'll need these too. Dog tags to wear around your neck. It helps Zenith keep track of you.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" Cassandra put the dog tag around her neck, looking down at the jewelry that read 'Cassandra Goodwin. Age: 18. Zenith Member 006.' Cassandra stared at the dog tag before Summer gasped, \"Whoa! I like you hair but how'd you do that?\" \"Oh, it's simple actually. You braid your hair into a ponytail braid, and then you secure it with a thin rubber band. You still with me?\" \"Yeah. Please continue.\" \"Then, you wrap the braid around and make a bun, securing it with ballet bobby pins. Finally, you secure the whole bun with a hair tie. That's how you do it!\" \"Wonder if it would work with my hair?\" \"It would because your hair's not that long. Maybe I could do it for you sometime.\" \"Yeah, I guess you could.\" The two girls continued to talk before Dylan knocked on the door and replied, \"Hey, guys. Time to go.\" Summer sighed deeply before responding, \"Oh, okay. Come on, Cassy. We gotta go to training.\" \"Right!\" Cassandra remarked as the members set off towards the classroom. They sat down and talked until Jack and Marsha finally arrived. They were learning the basics of controlling their powers and such, again, but it actually helped them with their training in the long run. The basics were always a good thing to master and if repetition was the way to do it, so be it! They sat in that room for a couple hours before Jack decided to get their heart-rate up by placing them in the paint-ball room to dodge 'enemy fire,' in this case paintballs, and run around. As the team ran around, Connor used his sonic blasts to move the balls away from team members while Summer controlled the balls. Cassandra was doing rather well herself, using her keen eyes and Dylan's mind-sensing to direct the team around the room. Although she didn't have powers to really use in man-to-man combat, she used her eyes and telepathy to guide her teammates. At last, they hit the red button in the center of the room, ceasing the 'game' for now until tomorrow. They left the room with barely any paint on them, succeeding yet again in this 'game.' As they left, Jack and Marsha congratulated all the members while they turned their attention to Cassandra's telepathy and leadership skills: \"Nice job, Cassandra! Without you, we'd e covered in paint but I must say your leadership surpasses mine.\" Dylan grinned as he shook the girl's hand. \"Good job, Cassy! You're officially on of us now.\" Summer beamed. \"You're awesome, Cassandra!\" Tucker remarked as he gave Cassandra a thumbs-up. \"Oh, I'm no one special.\" The woman blushed as Cindy smiled and remarked, \"Sure you are! You're an amazing person, like a princess!\" Cindy hugged Cassandra tightly around the waist, bringing a smile to the woman's face as she hugged the girl back. Connor even joined in as he remarked, \"Good job, Cas. You make a good teammate.\" \"Thanks, and you're not so bad yourself. You haven't lost your touch.\" Connor grinned a little as Cassandra smiled warmly back at him before a blood-curdling scream was heard from down the hall. The group ran to the source of the noise and saw a crowd huddling around in the lab with Dr. Grant shooing people away as he began ordering, \"Get back! Everybody, stay back! We need a medic here!\" \"Grant, what happened?\" Jack asked before Grant explained, \"This is terrible! One of my best scientists gets hit with the battery acid we were experimenting with for a new chemical and well, she's-She's-\" The room was in a panic before a silence fell upon it, everyone turning to look at the figure kneeling beside the burned, female scientist. Cassandra held out her hand as the scientist winced before Cassandra used telepathy, 'Don't be alarmed if you hear a voice in your head. It's only me using telepathy. My name is Cassandra and I'm the new member if Zenith...Grant says you've been burned, so may I see the wound?' The scientist hesitated at first, but seeing Cassandra's gentle smile, she winced as Cassandra inspected the wound. Cassandra looked it over meticulously before she took a deep breath and stared at the wound, causing a golden glow to come upon her body and hands, which soothed the woman and ceased her wincing. Everyone watched in astonishment as Cassandra healed the entire burn wound in determination, leaving only a small scar behind on the woman's wrist. The scientist thanked Cassandra for her help, earning a gentle nod and smile from the Zenith member as the burned woman was taken away by medics. Everyone was shocked and surprised at Cassandra's ability but no one was more shocked than Connor. Never in his life had seen a power like that, and with such beauty and strength! Connor was entranced by Cassandra's beauty and grace, but now her powers interested him too. Grant determined and explained to everyone that the power they saw was that of a healer, a super healer as he put it! Although Cassandra didn't use her abilities to fight, she did use them to direct and heal her comrades. This was unusual to have someone in the 'family' who didn't have 'fighting' powers, but they were powers nonetheless and were to be used for the good of the team. With that, everyone returned to their normal duties, keeping the memory of Cassandra's power in their heads. The Zenith 'family' went to the mess hall to have dinner before showering, putting on their pajamas, and getting ready for bed. As usual, Cindy and Tucker went to bed early, with Cassandra and Connor following suit hours later. As Connor laid on his bed and shut his eyes, he was still in shock over what just happened. He had just seen an innocent woman use a power that he had never seen before and it was a power that fascinated and interested him. As Connor shut his eyes, he heard giggling but it was not from the real world. He then realized it was coming from his dream. He was in a field near a lake and as he looked around, he saw a figure who was barefoot, sparkling with a gold glow, and laughing. It came towards him carrying a basket of multi-colored, mystical roses and wearing a thin, white, strapless and sleeveless dress that tugged to its curves. As the figure came closer, it was revealed to be the figure of Cassandra, smiling and stroking Conner's hair as she came ever closer. She handed the man a rose from the basket, but as she did so, she pricked herself, drawing blood from the wound. She winced as Connor gave her a worried look before she smiled and the golden glow surrounded her again, healing of her wound. Connor picked up the rose from the bottom before the girl leaned forward and kissed the man chastity on the cheek, blushing as she pulled away. Connor placed a hand on his now warm cheek, feeling the girl's warmth before he sat with the girl, lying in the grass as he did so. He laid in Cassandra's lap as she read her book and stroked his hair, placing chaste kisses on his forehead every so often and giggling when he'd smile at her. Just thinking about her made Connor smile, and her image helped sooth him to sleep. Everything about her was kinda magical and he was now determined to learn more about her, more determined than ever before...[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Of Beautiful Songs & Names *AN: Just wanted to let the audience know that I wrote the song used in this chapter. Once again, thanks for you time and comments. It really helps.* Cassandra, also known as Cassy by Summer or Cas by Connor, had been living with the Zenith family for several weeks and already, she had become one of them. She was sister and second mother to many but she was a 'family' member nonetheless. As time passed, she became quite fond if Connor's company and became worried if he went missing without a trace. Although her nose was in a book 90% of the time, Connor didn't mind as he got a better chance to look at her and her beauty. She continued to wear baggy clothes to cover herself up, but she was still beautiful nonetheless. One morning, Connor woke up one morning really early. He didn't get a lot of sleep the night before, but he was still getting up. The Zenith family had a free day today and they could do as they pleased, and Connor decided to take a walk in the woods nearby after a quick shower. As he came to the door, he paused at the doorknob as he heard a beautiful, yet enchanting sound. It was almost like a siren's song but with an angelic quality to it. Connor thought carefully about who it could be, 'Couldn't be that kindergartner, Cindy! It sounds too feminine and adult...Summer, maybe? No, she's better at dancing than singing, that's for sure! What about Marsha?...No, she never comes to this room unless she needs to talk to us or deliver a message...Then, maybe it's-\" Before Connor could finish his thought, the voice was heard again. Connor cracked the door open and listened to the song, forgetting about what he was doing that day for a while as he saw the person singing. The person it came from was none other than Cassandra, the girl in his team and his dreams and her voice soothed him more. Cassandra was very average-sized but beautiful and she had C-cup breasts that showed off very well in her current situation, which made Connor feel a little hard. She wearing nothing but a thin, white, body-hugging towel around her, similar to the dress she wore in Connor's dreams, and she was undoing a braid she had put her hair into after a shower, letting her hair fall freely before grabbing a comb. She began combing her long, auburn hair, which cascaded like waves from the tight braid she wore overnight, similar to Connor's dream again. As the notes of her song came in, he listened vigilantly: (Chorus) Hear the nightingale sing, To help the weary drift off to sleep Come to the light where she clings, away from the darkness in the deep. I see a face in the night The night is cold but the face bright He feels so familiar, And this seems very peculiar. He seems to help lead me to the light. (Repeat Chorus) Sapphire eyes I see in dreams, When my world falls apart at the seams. His eyes are comforting and fair, He has looks beyond compare. I see him and when we meet, he beams. I see his power strengthen with every price he'll pay However he learns to keep the darkness at bay. He is a man I love to be around, A man I recognize from the sounds. A man I love, day by day. (Repeat Chorus) How I love him so, Should I reap what I sow? He claims I'm beautiful in a gown He always pulls me up when I'm down. If only he could know!' With that, the song ended and Cassandra went back to singing random songs and notes that she could think of. Connor just sat there at the door, listening to her sing more as he thought about her image in that room and in the dream. His heart literally skipped a beat even though nothing really happened before he knocked on the door to alert Cassandra's presence, even though he had already seen her as she called out, \"Who is it?\" \"It's Connor! May I come in?\" \"Umm-Yeah, sure! I'll be right out.\" Cassandra grabbed her comb and tied the towel tighter around her as she opened the door for Connor, who had already stripped down and was currently tugging to his own red towel around his waist. \"Did I make you wait long? If I did, I'm sorry.\" \"No, don't be! I just got here actually.\" Connor fibbed, hoping the woman wouldn't use telepathy on him to read his mind. After a few seconds she replied, \"Okay, as long as I didn't make you wait long. I was just combing my hair.\" \"You didn't make me wait.\" As the girl walked off, towel hugging her body like a second skin, Connor gazed at her before he whispered in an inaudible voice, \"Beautiful and enchanting...Extraordinary! \" As soon as she was out of earshot, he shut the door and quickly hopped into the shower, letting the water hit him to relax him as he thought of Cassandra. Just thinking about her relaxed him and, in a strange way, turned him on at the same time what with her long hair, beautiful body, and all. He then started to think about her singing and gifts, therefore leading to what many heroes in Zenith need: A cool name. Connor had some ideas going through his head and wanted to make HIS opinion known, but he decided to leave the issue up for discussion as the other members would remind Jack of this and would want a say too. Leaving his thoughts to himself, Connor made his way to the great outdoors to get some fresh air before dark. As he sat in the grass, he kinda hoped Cassandra would come to him just like in the dream, but that never happened so he kept his thought to himself. As dinner rolled around, Tucker brought out the name choosing for Cassandra, just as Connor figured he would, \"Jack?\" \"Yeah, Tucker?\" \"When's Cassandra gonna get a cool name like us?\" \"Yeah, when's she gonna get a name?\" Summer asked before Cindy puppy-dog pouted, \"Can I pick out a name for her, please?\" Jack sighed deeply before he explained, \"Well, I think that decision is up to Cassandra. Cassy, what do you say?\" Cassandra looked up before she replied, \"I think I should get a name, but I would like for all of you to suggest names for me. Then, I'll make a decision.\" \"Very well...Umm-You can be 'Medic Woman'!\" Jack suggested before Cassandra shook her head 'no.' Jack sighed and stayed silent as he looked over to Dylan and said, \"You're good with names, so you choose.\" \"Okay, how about...'Golden Heart'?\" Cassandra thought about it before she shook her head...no. Tucker went next as he quickly suggested, \"What about 'Mind Reader'?\" Again, a 'no' head nod. It was Cindy 's turn as she told Cassandra, \"I got one: 'Majestic Queen'!\" Cassandra looked up at the ceiling, pondering the thought before she replied, \"Sorry, Cindy, but good try!\" Cindy grinned sadly before listening to Summer's suggestion, \"How about...'Golden Mystic'?\" Cassandra seemed like she loved that name after pondering for a minute before...another no! Everyone had went and none succeeded...all except Connor who had a name in his head from this morning. Cassandra was beautiful but not perfect, intelligent but not a genius, on her toes and alert but not always graceful, and she was kind and gentle but not naive. She also sang beautifully but was not a star, but she needed a name that showed off all her qualities, a name that meant something... Everyone pondered more names before Jack called out to his brother, \"Connor, you never went?\" \"I didn't?\" \"Yeah, you didn't. Show us what you got!\" \"I've had some names floating around and I have chosen one that shows off all of Cas's qualities...'Nightingale.'\" Everyone repeated Connor's name choice before they all ad-libbed, \"Nightingale?\" \"Sounds like a good name to me!\" \"It's pretty!\" \"I like it!\" Everyone was agreeing with Connor, but the final decision rested upon Cassandra and her answer was...YES! She pondered the name before she beamed, \"Connor, I think your choice was accurate. I like it and thank you all for your suggestions but I'll go with Connor's choice.\" Everyone agreed with the decision and everything else about that night went on as normal, but this time...it was different. Instead of going to her room to sleep, Cassandra had accidently fallen asleep on the couch in Connor's lap. Fearing he would wake her up by taking her to her room, Connor slowly grabbed the nearest blanket he could find and wrapped it over himself and Cassandra, causing her to snuggle into him for warmth. Dylan and Summer didn't mind because they thought the moment was touching and as they went to their rooms to sleep, Connor remained there on the couch with the woman, stroking her long, silky tresses and wrapping his strong arms around her to protect her from harm if there was any or just keep her close to him. He saw her in his dreams, wearing the white dress as she laid down beside him, stroking his hair and chastity kissing him as he too did the same. Thinking about her made him fall more and more in love with her and from that moment on, he was willing to do anything for her no matter what.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Secret Gifts from Above The days passed by as normal, training and relaxing every once in a while on Jack and Marsha's request. As those said days passed, Connor and Cassandra became more fond of each other and by this point, the two were opening up to each other. But, one day, the course of Connor and Cassandra's relationship would change in either a good or bad way... After training one day, Cassandra was once again congratulated by the group after yet another victory in the paintball room. Cassandra accepted each comment kindly but she accepted Connor's opinion greatly and laughed an innocent laugh when he had given his opinion. For the first time in ages, Connor smiled genuinely as he laughed with Cassandra while Cindy and Summer watched from afar. Jack and Marsha even watched and thought to themselves that Cassandra was the 'one' cure for Connor and that spending time with him really helped him get out of his depression. Cassandra stopped laughing to catch a glance at Summer and Cindy as they hugged and laughed together, the two acting like sisters. Cassandra's smile disappeared as she watched the two, a déjà vu feeling coming over her as she dazed out. \"Cas! Cas, are you all right?\" Connor inquired as he tapped her shoulder lightly. Cassandra shook her head and whispered, \"I-I'm fine. Thank you, Connor.\" As Cassandra gave the man a smile, she glanced back at the two girls before she screamed in pain, causing everyone to crowd around her in a semicircle. Cassandra grabbed her head, almost as if she were having a migraine as images flashed in her head. The images were of people familiar to her and just seeing them made Cassandra scream in pain. After a couple minutes of panicked tension in the room, Cassandra started to feel dizzy and/or light-headed as she swayed back and forth as Connor ran to her, catching her as she finally collapsed backwards. Connor looked at her in shock and worry as he called out for help, \"Medic! We need some medics here!\" \"Easy there, Tiger! I have a sedative for her.\" Marsha replied as she injected a clear liquid into Cassandra's arm, calming and stabilizing her body as everyone looked on at her in concern. \"Do you see or feel anything wrong with her, Summer?\" Jack asked as Summer looked at the girl. Summer stared at the woman as she grabbed her necklace before stating, \"I do feel something in her, a power that I've never seen before...I think I should do research on it but in the meantime, get her to her bedroom immediately. She has lost her strength and will need rest to get better.\" Cindy and Tucker left the room to go do something productive according to the standards of a 6 and 12 year old while Marsha left to go do something with Dr. Grant. Summer and Dylan left together to do the research before Summer called out to Connor, \"Are you coming with us to do research?\" \"I'll take her to her room.\" \"Are you sure you don't wanna come with us?\" \"I'm sure.\" \"Okay. Take care.\" Before following behind his girlfriend, Dylan explained to Connor, \"Summer and I will do the research. If we find something, we'll let you know.\" \"Okay. Good luck.\" Connor called out before Summer and Dylan left, leaving him and Jack alone with Cassandra. Jack offered to help as Connor held the woman, \"Can I help, Connor?\" \"No, I got her, Jackie. Thanks anyway.\" \"No problem.\" Jack left the conversation at that and left to go after Marsha while Connor lifted Cassandra into his arms, carrying her bridal-style to her room as he looked at her in concern, wondering what or, maybe who, caused her to collapse. As he made it to her room, he noticed it was slightly open as he kicked her door lightly, carrying her to the bed before placing her down upon it. She looked so peaceful as she laid there, causing Connor to smile and stroke her cheek as she slept. Connor pulled up a chair as he sat beside the woman, holding her hand as he thought to himself, 'Cas, I don't know what happened back there, but I promise nothing will hurt you again. As long as I'm here, you 'll be safe.' Connor remained silent as he watched over the girl before he heard a voice, 'Don't be frightened. It's only me.' 'Can you still talk even when you're unconscious?' 'Yep. How's everyone doing?' 'They were worried about you, and to be honest, so was I.' 'So, you do care?' 'Yeah...I do.' 'It's okay because I care about you too.' Connor comprehended what Cassandra had just said, a smile creeping upon his face as he talked to the woman with his thoughts, 'Summer sensed something in you so I have to ask...what was it?' Cassandra didn't answer as Connor looked over her. Noticing a strand of hair on her face, Connor moved it away and tucked it behind her ear before unexpectedly kissing her chastely on the forehead. Cassandra looked to be in a deep sleep or a waking coma, but she was still beautiful to Connor nonetheless. Connor stared at her and became soothed by her innocent beauty, staring at her for hours before he heard a voice behind him, \"Connor! You gotta come see this.\" \"I'll be with you in a minute, Dylan.\" Connor wanted to know what was wrong with HIS Cas, but he didn't want to leave her alone. Realizing he needed to know what was wrong with her in order to help her, he spoke to her through his thoughts as he heard her say, 'You're leaving?!' 'Only for a little while, but I'll come back before you know it. You'll see!' 'Okay...Just hurry back, Connor.' 'I will.' With that, Connor kissed Cassandra on the forehead before he and Dylan made their way to the lab to look at the research that Summer had gathered. Summer used the database for Zenith and found research that matched Cassandra's symptoms, and she was willing to show her teammates so they could help the girl. As Connor and Dylan entered the room, Connor called out, \"Summer, what did you find?\" \"Well, I knew the Internet wouldn't do much good if you just gave symptoms, so I thought using the Zenith database would work. They keep records of all powers so it just had to be here!\" \"Wait till you get a load of what she found.\" Dylan elbowed Connor as the 'sonic-blast hero' cocked an eyebrow and questioned, \"What did you find? I have to know what happened to Cas so this won't happen again.\" \"I thought you might say that, so I'll show you,\" Summer began as the screen showed different, frozen images and writing before Summer read from the text on the screen, \"Precognition, also known as Foresight, is the ability to perceive future events through the use of extrasensory perception such as dreams or waking visions. Most times, the visions are dreams that appear to the individual in deep sleep to show events that MAY happen in the future but the vision can change if the person involved changes their mind at a crossroads. Other times, waking dreams occur in which the individual will have visions while awake and active.\" \"Wait a minute! You're telling me she's some fortune teller or something?\" \"Technically yes and then again, no.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" \"Look here,\" Summer ordered as she enlarged a portion of text and read aloud, \"Individuals with foresight or precognition are known sometimes as fainting or blind seers depending on certain circumstances. Blind seers are individuals with foresight that are rendered legally blind while fainting seers refer to individuals that faint during a waking vision.\" \"Summer, are you saying she's a fainting seer?\" \"Well, no...In the paragraph below it, it says 'Although fainting seers are known to faint EVERY time they have waking visions, there are those that, in rare circumstances, faint only when sitting or standing still. The side effects of this type of fainting are temporary and will fade away in time.' Connor stared at the screen, re-reading the text that was enlarged before Summer clicked out of the database and sat up in the chair. Connor stared wide-eyed before he gasped, \"She's the only one in Zenith history to have three abilities and she's a future seer! This is amazing!\" Dylan nodded in agreement before he stated, \"Imagine what would happen if people knew her ability.\" \"No! We keep this secret and just tell everyone it was a simple stress illness or something. If people know about her ability, they'll use it to death, literally. Don't tell anyone or else I'll let you have it, got it?\" Summer gazed at the two men before they both nodded. As this was being done, Connor remarked, \"If anyone tries to hurt her, they'll have to get past me. As long as I'm alive, nothing will harm her.\" \"You sound like a 'Prince Charming,' Concussion. Is the beast falling for the maiden?\" Dylan smirked before Connor looked down at the floor. Summer gave her boyfriend the evil eye before Connor answered back, \"...I guess I am when you put it that way.\" \"Well, no matter what's going on, Cassy's one of us now and we'll do anything to help. As long as we keep this secret, she'll be fine...You're free to go now, Connor. Let Cassandra know that I hope she gets better.\" \"I will, and thanks for showing me.\" Connor grinned at Dylan and Summer a few more times before returning to Cassandra's room where he noticed the woman awake and talking with Cindy. The moment was touching to him as he watched before he decided to speak with Cas about her powers.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Reopening Wounds & Comforting Sadness Connor rounded the corner to return to Cassandra's room after learning of her foresight before he heard giggling on the other side of Cassandra's door. The giggling was coming from the inside and as he watched carefully, he could see and hear Cindy and Cassy talking on the other side: \"Do you know why you fell? It looked like it hurt.\" \"I don't know, Cindy, but I think it was just being tired or tense. I'm okay now, though.\" \"We were all so worried. Some of us thought you were dying.\" \"You did?!\" \"Yeah.\" \"I wasn't dying, I can tell you that much. I'll be okay now and I wanna thank you and the others for caring about me.\" \"You're like a big sister to us, so we should treat you like one. You're one of us!\" \"I can't thank you enough, kiddo!\" Cassandra beamed a smile at the girl before Cindy pulled a card from her jacket pocket, causing Cassy to ask, \"What is that?\" \"I made this for you hours after you fell. I got everyone to sign it, well everyone except Connor.\" \"It's okay and I know that he would've signed it if he knew about it. Besides, Connor stayed with me after you guys left. He stayed in that chair for hours just watching over me and for that, I wanna thank him. It really means a lot.\" \"Do you like him?\" Cindy blinked her pretty, blue eyes before Cassy did a double-take, \"Wait, what?\" \"Do you like Connor, as in 'like him like him'?\" Cassandra thought carefully about her answer even though her mind was already made up about what she was going to say, but she probably knew Connor was behind the door and she was talking to a 6 year old, so she had to be careful with what she said just in case Cindy accidentally spilled the beans. Finally she used her telepathy to send ONLY Cindy a message, 'I really like Connor a lot, but I'm too much of a scaredy cat to tell him so. Cindy, you must promise me you won't tell anyone, okay?' Cindy nodded before she beamed, \"I promise. I can keep a secret.\" Cassy hugged the girl sweetly before she placed the card on the nightstand and replied, \"Very good, Princess. Now, Connor will come back any minute, so why don't you run along and find Tucker?\" \"Okay.\" Noticing that Cindy was getting closer to the door, Connor tried to move but it was too late! Cindy had seen him as she turned the knob as she waved, causing him to bash fully wave back. \"Guess that was fast, right?\" Cindy turned to Cassy before the woman remarked, \"We'll, he is Zoom's brother, so I guess it 'runs' in the family.\" Cindy giggled innocently at Cassy's comment before she turned the knob, left the room, and let Connor and Cassy talk in a more adult atmosphere. Connor came inside the room and shut the door, closing everyone out of the room as he sat in the chair beside the bed, leaning over to hug Cassy as she returned the embrace by exclaiming, \"You came back!\" \"I promised I would and I don't break my promises. How have you been since I left?\" \"After you left, Cindy slipped in here and watched over me until I woke up. Then, we talked before you came.\" \"That's good to know. At least you're okay now.\" \"...You were listening in on our conversation, weren't you? I know it was you from your presence alone.\" Connor was taken aback at this, knowing he was caught red-handed, but he wouldn't deny it as he confessed, \"Yes, I listened but I wasn't eavesdropping, I assure you.\" \"It's okay. The conversation was one that all of you would've wanted to hear...So, what did Summer find in her research?\" \"She typed in your symptoms into the Zenith database and found only one ability that matched your condition: Precognition, also known as Future Seeing or Foresight,\" Cassandra looked down at the floor as her stomach dropped, causing a nervous feeling to come over her as Connor asked, \"Why didn't you tell us you had such a power? We were so worried.\" \"I know and I'm sorry.\" \"In fact, we're happy that we have someone as special as you on our side.\" \"I'm no one special.\" \"Yes, you are. I knew you were special from the moment I saw you.\" \"You really think I'm special?\" \"Yes! I and everyone else thinks you're special. Also, I have to say that if I were your parents, I'd be proud to have a daughter like you.\" That comment took Cassy aback as she laid down sideways on the bed, acting like she was going to sleep as she faced away from Connor. Her shoulders heaved up and down to the sound of tiny whimpers as she laid down and as Connor stared at Cassandra once more, he noticed this sudden change and neared closer to her, thinking she was hurt as he placed a gentle yet firm hand on her shoulder. She tried to turn away fully by stuffing her face into a pillow before he turned her around, making her face him. Cassy had fresh tears running down her face as she shook violently, causing Connor to feel a pang of guilt and sadness in his heart as he wiped away Cassy's tears and soothed her, \"Cassy, what's wrong? Are you hurt?\" Cassy shook her head 'no' as Connor asked more questions, \"Do I need to get Marsha? I can get her if you're hurt.\" Another head nod of no. \"Then, what's wrong, Cas? I've never seen you like this before.\" Cassy didn't say anything as she fell limp in Connor's arms, embracing him tightly around the waist as he wrapped his arms around her, her sobs increasing in volume as she clung to her comrade. Concussion was known for being a leader and a carefree type of guy, lending a hand whenever he was able to with a gentle smile on his face but never in his life did he see himself comforting someone, especially a young woman, he barely knew. A fatherly instinct in this guilt-depressed man suddenly came out as he let the woman know she was safe in his arms as he pulled her into a tighter embrace, stroking her silky tresses as he soothed her with his comforting voice and gentle gestures. Although being sentimental was not in this man's genes, he was still willing to attempt comforting Cassy as she cried in his arms because he had become quite fond of Cassy and just seeing her in pain cut a gash of sorrow into Connor's heart. Cassy, in turn, embraced the man tighter as she openly wept in his arms, letting Connor comfort her in any way possible even though she wouldn't cease her sobbing. Several minutes went by before Cassy calmed down enough to speak to Connor as he soothed, \"There. There. Are you okay?\" Cassy nodded 'yes' as Connor chastely kissed Cassy's lips and wiped her salty tears away from her bright, beautiful eyes with his gentle yet firm hands. Cassy grabbed these hands and held them tight as she was asked, \"Why were you crying? Was it a vision you saw?\" \"No, it's just...I have done some things in my past that I'm not proud of and this makes me a bad person.\" \"No, you're not a bad person. Why would you think that?\" \"My parents would never be proud of me, even though you claim they would.\" \"You're the most beautiful, talented woman that I've ever met and I think they'd be very proud of you.\" \"No, they wouldn't!\" \"Why do you think that they wouldn't? You're keeping something from me, aren't you?\" \"No, I can't relive that past! Please, no!\" \"Why do you feel that they wouldn't be proud of you?\" \"I'm the reason that they're dead!\" Cassandra fired back as she started to shudder violently, covering up her face, especially her eyes, as Connor whispered, \"What do you mean by that? You're no killer and believe me, I should know.\" \"I am a killer. It's because of my gifts that they're gone. I KILLED THEM!\" Cassandra started to sigh in her hands as Connor sighed himself, running a hand through his brown hair as he whispered, \"Tell me.\" \"What?\" \"Tell me about them, your family.\" \"Why do you wanna know?\" \"I've always been curious about your past, but I was always afraid to ask. I think it's time to let the truth come out. Couldn't keep it a secret forever, now could you?\" \"I guess not.\" Cassandra laughed as she wiped away her tears before she told the tale, \"I was born here in the area, not far from this base actually. I was the oldest of two children born to my parents Ryan and Savannah Goodwin.\" \"You had a younger sibling?\" \"Yeah. A little sister, actually. She would've been Summer's age and she and Cindy remind me of her so well.\" \"What were they like?\" \"Good as gold, I should say. My parents were human while my sister, Astrid, and I had all the abilities. I was gifted with telepathy, foresight, and healing while she was gifted with a defensive shield ability, which surprised my family but they loved us nonetheless. They wished us to live a good life, but my visions would backfire on me as they showed me something that changed my sister and I's lives forever.\" \"What happened?\" \"...It was very late at night and we were asleep. I smelled smoke in the house and woke up, warning my family of the danger as we escaped out of the house. During the panicked commotion, my father and I made it out while my mother and sister remained trapped inside. I ran back inside to save them as the neighbors restrained my struggling father, calming him as he fell to his knees to pray that we'd live. I ran through the house and found my sister and mom collapsed from breathing in too much smoke. Grabbing my sister in time, my mom told me to protect her and stay safe no matter what and before I knew it, my mother pushed Astrid and I out of the way, leaving herself wide open to falling debris as it crushed her and consumed her with flames. To save Astrid and I, we jumped out of a nearby window and ran into the woods just as the firemen arrived on the scene, putting the fire out. Astrid and I ran into the woods and hid as we heard our father yell in pain, thinking we were dead as he saw a scrap of my clothing latched onto the glass of the escape window, a bed slipper from Astrid's delicate foot upon the floor, and our mom's charred corpse. It was just as my vision had showed me and I couldn't stop it!\" \"It wasn't your fault, Cas. You didn't-\" \"No, Connor! I knew I could save her but I didn't and I don't know why!\" \"What about your father? What happened to him?\" \"After Astrid and I escaped into the woods and found a suitable living space nearby, we remained there for what seemed like a while, but we should've gone to our father. He thought we were all dead: Mom, Astrid, and me, therefore, he lost his will to live. He died of grief after he had gone without food, water, or rest for days and when the news hit us, it crushed us. Again, I had a vision and knew what was going to happen, but I couldn't stop it.\" \"Cas, I don't care what you tell yourself but it wasn't your fault. It just happened.\" \"That's not even the half of it!\" Cassandra babbled as she looked about ready to sob again as Connor held her against him, soothing, \"Hey, it's okay. What happened next?\" Cassandra sniffled to prevent tears before she cried, \"Astrid was the next to go. I knew what would happen and I didn't stop it!\" \"Tell me what happened.\" \"Astrid went in a fishing boat with a friend to go catch something. A storm was coming and I told her not to go, but she wouldn't listen to me even after I told her about my vision days before. I should've gone with her, but I didn't and...T-The storm consumed the boat and killed her and her friend. If I had been there for her like an older sister should, she'd still be here!\" Cassandra started to cry hard again as Connor held her and although she seemed like a crybaby to many, she was deeply hurt by the loss of her family members and greatly blamed herself and her visions for said loss. Seeing that she was an older sibling with practically no family and loads of guilt left, Connor saw parts of himself in this petite seer as he held her tightly. Connor waited for a minute or two before he asked, \"What about your foresight? What happened after they had gone?\" \"...Afterwards, I promised myself that I'd never use my foresight again, fearing it would put anyone I loved in danger. I was a monster to be feared because of my gift, which I saw as a curse after their deaths, and every time a vision started to come to me, I willed it to leave me because I saw it as a curse. My power remained dormant for many years until today and now that they're back, I kinda wish they'd leave.\" \"Why?\" \"Because I care about you all deeply and I can't lose anyone I love again. I don't know if my heart can bear it and I couldn't bear it if I watched someone like you die.\" \"If I died, it'd be one less murderer to deal with.\" \"No, Connor! You would've never killed your team if they hadn't zapped you with that Gamma 13. I pitied you the moment I found out and I wished to help you if I was able in any way possible. I wanted to help you and your team, but I was afraid at first.\" \"Why would you be afraid?\" \"I thought that if I became a 'family' member to you, you all would get hurt because of me. Then, I saw how much you wished to help each other and I thought, 'Things will be different this time. Maybe this is the second chance for me to have a real family again,' but I fear I might lose you all...Especially you, Connor.\" \"What are you trying to say?\" \"Connor...I-I love you.\" Connor gave Cassy a dumbfounded look as he widened his eyes and gasped, \"What?\" \"I-I love you.\" Connor felt a lump in his throat as he managed to choke back a sob, \"How could you love me, a monster, after all I've done? You barely know me and yet you care for and love me?\" \"I know the real you is that smiling, handsome young man that Jack described. He's not a murderer nor outcast, but he has a good heart nonetheless and furthermore, I forgive you for all your wrongs. You're not a monster because monsters don't have hearts.\" Now, it was Cassy's turn to comfort Connor as she wrapped her arms around her beloved as he whispered back, \"I love you too.\" She kissed him chastely on the forehead as she stroked his hair before the two embraced to let the other know that they were safe. When they were satisfied with their little 'session,' Connor turned to leave after embracing Cassy once more before she called out in an urgent voice, \"Stay with me tonight...please?\" Connor knew he had to sleep as he read the clock, 10:00 P.M, but he couldn't just leave Cassy there alone. She could have another vision or worse and he wanted to be there for her now that he knew he loved her, so with a gentle nod and grin, Connor replied, \"I'll stay, my love.\" Cassy beamed a smile as she wiped tears of joy from her eyes, moving over to give Connor room as he took off his shirt and laid down beside her, drawing her into his arms for warmth and comfort. She snuggled into his chest as they kissed once more before her eyes fluttered shut until morning. Connor remained awake, stroking her long hair as he thought about the events of that day. It was like a chick-flick going on a roller-coaster but it was in a good way with the ride being enjoyable the longer time went on. Cassy was more similar to Connor than even he could've imagined: They were both older siblings each with a younger sibling of the same gender as them, they both had powers along with their siblings, and both knew about grief and guilt. Connor was a murderer but was forgiven and yet he still never forgave himself while Cassy was a seer who knew the future but was too late to stop it. Both needed healing and a cure for their guilt, but with each other as support for the other, they could heal Themselves. Maybe, they could even heal each other. Putting those thoughts aside, Connor closed his eyes and drifted off into sleep to see his beloved in dream-form again until morning came to wake him up...[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Family Heirlooms & Nightmares The next day came and went very quickly as soon as Connor and Cassy woke up to start their day. It was 6 O' clock when Cassy woke up, noticing the man holding her as she smiled and noticed how innocent he looked when he slept. Seeing strands of hair in his face, Cassy started stroking Connor's hair before kissing his forehead and tucking it behind his ear. Feeling warmth upon his face, Connor stirred awake and smiled at Cassy, who only blushed when she saw her comrade, technically lover now, watching her. Connor kissed her lips once more before he went off to shower with her following suit before the others came. After they had hopped out of the shower, they began to dry off before Connor made his way to a mirror to slick his brown hair back while Cassy soaked the water out of her hair with a small towel. Afterwards, Connor put on some pants before he noticed Cassy beginning to comb her hair before he shyly asked, \"May I?\" \"May you what? All you have to do is ask me nicely.\" \"May I comb your hair for you?\" \"Yeah, because I don't see why not.\" Cassy remarked as she handed Connor the comb and sat down with him behind her. Cassy clutched the towel tighter to her body, fearing Connor might see and reject her, but Connor reassured her that she was beautiful and that he wouldn't look at her in 'that' way unless she wanted him to, which soothed her a little. As gently as possible, Connor ran the comb through Cassy's long tresses, the comb gliding meticulously through the strands of auburn while Cassy closed her eyes peacefully. Connor smiled at the woman, thinking of her beauty and as he combed her hair, he noticed her fiddling with an object of some sort, so he decided to ask her about it, \"Cas, what's that you got there in your hands?\" \"Oh, this?\" Cassy questioned, holding up her hand with the strange object in it, or on it technically, as Connor nodded in an understanding manner. Cassy gave a smile before explaining, \"My family gave me this ring as a sacred heirloom. They told me it would give me good luck and strength throughout any trials I had to take.\" Connor stopped messing with Cassy's hair to inspect the ring: It was gold with one large sapphire upon the thin band and to him, it was beautiful. He looked at it closely before stating, \"The stone 'Sapphire' is upon it. That must mean you were born in September.\" \"I was on September 18, 1984. Astrid had one just like it, but hers was an Amethyst stone instead of a Sapphire. That was my sister's birthstone for her birthday on February 22, 1986.\" \"February 22nd? That's Jackie's birthday too!\" \"Really? I never knew that!\" \"Well, it is...\" \"What about you, when's your birthday?\" \"Oh, mine is January 18, 1964, meaning my birthstone is Garnet.\" \"Garnet? Well, that's a pretty, red stone.\" \"Really? I always thought it was ugly.\" \"I don't find it ugly although I favor mine greatly.\" \"Well, I think it's beautiful, just like you,\" Connor smiled as he finished combing out the rest of Cassy's hair, remarking that for a man, he did a good job with her silky tresses. When he told her he was finished, she put it up in her usual braided bun style before hopping into her yellow jumpsuit. With a smile upon her face, she left the room as Connor thought more about her and her ring, wondering what other jewelry would look good on her as he went off to train. Cassy slept in bed but her rest was anything but peaceful since her foresight returned days ago. She clutched the sheets as she whimpered, tossing and turning to the images in her head: There was an ivory building with thousands of windows, hallways, and rooms. There were computers and beeping monitors all over the place, as well as hospital gurneys and ill people in pale scrubs surrounded by nurses in white. Inside one of the rooms was Cassandra with two police officers, one male and one female. The female led Cassy to a steel table covered by a white sheet as the male prepared to lifetime the cover, stating, 'We found this person in a boat off the coast of the beach. The boat was named Voyager Siren and there were two people on it. From looks alone, we believe this is your sister, Astrid, but we need you to clarify that for us. Can you do that, miss?' Cassy hesitated as she nodded, 'Yes, officer.' 'Are you ready to see the body? Do you need time?' 'No, I'm okay. Just show me.' The officers nodded before peeling back the cover, revealing the face some the dead girl. She was only in her Tweens and was very cute for her age. She had red hair and fair skin, but her eye color was unknown, except to Cassy. As soon as Cassy saw the body and gasped, she broke down into a fit of sobs as the female officer embraced her. The male officer covered up the body before leading Cassy out of the room, crying her poor eyes out after seeing her little sister, her best friend since birth, now dead and gone forever. Astrid was never going to graduate, never going to walk down the aisle or see her children, but Cassy might have that chance. Cassy wished it was her that died and not Astrud. Astrid was gifted in defense and protection over others and what good was Cassy? Knowing the future is one thing but predicting someone's death and seeing it come to be with your own eyes is another thing, something Cassy wished she didn't have. Like Connor, Cassy believed she killed her family and she wasn't about to forgive herself, not after all that. Meanwhile, Connor laid in his bed for the night, sleeping as peacefully as possible after many restless nights of stress and bad memories until a whimpering sound jolted him awake. His eyes darted around the room as he sat up in bed, trying to find the source of the sound as goosebumps formed on his flesh. He started to imagine who would be making such a noise this late at night, 'Was it Cindy? No, it was too adult to be her! Summer? No, it was too innocent, and it couldn't be Marsha so it has to be-' Before he could finish his thought, a blood-curdling scream was heard, coming from Cassy's room! Connor threw himself out of that room as fast as he could as he came to Cassy's door and burst through, finding his beloved curled up on the bed, crying into a pillow to muffle the screams and sobs. Connor shut the door behind him before he pulled her into his warm arms, hushing and soothing her as he stroked her hair, \"Shh. It's all right now, Cas. You're safe because I'm here.\" \"I-I'm sorry! I-I'm so s-sorry! I killed them, I killed them all! Mom, Dad, and Astrid!\" Cassy choked in between sobs as Connor comforted her, \"Shh. It's okay. Was it a nightmare?\" \"Y-Yes. It should've been me! A-Astrid's beautiful face on cold steel and covered by w-white sheets! It was me, it was me!\" Cassy started to clutch onto Connor tighter as she trembled against him before he suggested, \"Care to tell me? Sometimes it helps to get it out there.\" \"It was those awful memories of long ago, the visions shown to me reappeared after many years. I-I'm frightened, Connor. What if those visions show you or anyone here getting hurt or killed? I couldn't bear it a second time!\" Cassy was choking back as many sobs as possible to prevent crying in the Concussion's arms. Connor tried his bet to be understanding as he comforted the girl and replied, \"No matter what happens, you must promise me that you will tell us what your visions show. I know you fear that we'll get hurt, but sometimes, life must go on. You can't let the past keep you from accomplishing your true potential. With some help and support, you'll make it through this because I know it works. It's still working and I feel like the old me again because of it.\" \"How did you accomplish such a feat?\" \"My family and teammates helped me, but no one had a better medicine than you.\" \"Me? Why me?\" \"Your image in my dreams, after you came here, comforted me in my sleep. They reassured me that I'd be safe no matter what, and in a way, you helped me heal. For that, I want to thank you but now, I want to help you heal, if you'll let me.\" Cassy breathed deeply before she stared into Connor's eyes, those warm eyes of blue that comforted her as she sighed sweetly, \"Yes, my love. You may do anything to heal me. I trust you now and I love you.\" \"I love you too, Cas. What do you say we get some sleep? I promise I'll stay to protect you and my image may comfort you in your sleep, so do you trust me?\" \"Yes, Concussion. I do.\" With that, Connor wrapped his arms around Cassy as he covered them up with a nearby blanket, allowing the woman to snuggle into him as he watched over her. That night, his image came into her head, comforting her as she slept so that no nightmares would plague her mind. With a gentle smile on his face, noticing her peaceful slumber, he kissed her chastely on the cheek before he drifted off to sleep for another day...[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Recovery in the Woods *AN: It's me again! Just wanted to warn you of a lemon in this chapter. Although it's weird to do a lemon in a family-friendly story, I've been thinking about doing this for so long and finally got enough inspiration to do so. Please review and thanks for your comments, they really help.* Connor had been quite happy with Cassandra by his side, the two openly showing their love to the group, even going so far as to make it official that they were dating. Connor even considered marrying Cassy in a couple months after school let out, but for now, he would focus on his duty to Cassy and Zenith. Cassy, on the other hand, was getting better at controlling her visions and often told the group about them, warning them of things that had not yet come to pass. Although they were simple warnings, the group always listened and tried not to stray from the vision's path too far. At last, spring break was beginning to let out for the kids and they decided to do as they wished. Cindy and Tucker returned home to visit their families while Dylan and Summer spent some time alone at the Zenith headquarters. Jack and Marsha even spent time together as they went on more, longer dates and Connor contemplated on whether he should ask Cassy to marry him or not. He decided to wait before asking her, but he wanted to share a romantic weekend with her alone and decided on one location where he and his brother spent most of their summer vacation with the old Zenith members: A lake house not far from Zenith headquarters. 'This is the perfect place,' thought Connor, 'No rules, No adults, and we can be as loud as we want.' With that, he began packing their bags for their week. The spring break weekend finally came and everyone went their separate ways. Only Jackie and Marsha knew about the lake house but they didn't know what was about to unfold between Connor and Cassandra. Cassy piled into the car with Connor driving, laughing ever so slightly as Jack called out, \"Have a good time, Connor!\" \"I will, Jackie! You and Marsha take care!\" Marsha came out from behind Jack as she shouted, \"We will! Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him!\" \"Bye, Marsha! Jack! Have a good spring break!\" Cassandra yelled out of the window as the car pulled out of the driveway. Now alone and with her now boyfriend, Cassy innocently asked, \"I packed my bags for something, but I don't know what it is. Can you tell me?\" \"Why tell you when I can show you? We'll be there soon enough and then you'll know the reason why we're alone.\" Cassy nodded before she took in her surroundings, trees and miles, even acres, of woods all around them. After a while, Cassy nodded off to sleep, resting her head upon the headrest as she laid there peacefully. 'A whole week all to ourselves, just how I want it.' Connor thought as he drove on, occasionally glancing at his Cassy with a smile. After what seemed like half an hour, Connor put the car in park and climbed out, grabbing the baggage and taking it inside before coming back out to wake up his girlfriend as he lightly tapped her shoulder, \"Cas! Hey, Cas, we're here!\" Cassy stirred awake as she rubbed her eyes and looked around before yawning, \"Where are we?\" \"We're here. Surprise!\" As Cassy became aware of her surroundings, she saw a nice little cottage near the lake. It was a wooden lake house with several rooms, beds, and much more inside and it looked so cute just sitting there near the shoreline. Cassy couldn't believe her eyes as she gasped, \"Oh, Connor! It's so lovely.\" \"You haven't seen anything yet. Come inside and you'll see what I mean.\" Connor held out his hand as Cassy took it chastely, walking up the path before Connor got the door for her. Cassy thanked him as she stepped inside and gasped once more, causing Connor to grin as he asked, \"Like it?\" \"I love it! Thanks for bringing me here.\" \"Don't mention. I thought we needed a break, so what better place than the old lake house. Jackie, the old Zenith team, and I spent our summer vacations here ever since 1972. It brings back fond memories.\" \"I guess you could call it a blast from the past.\" Cassy laughed as she uttered this sentence as Connor joined in with her, grinning greatly as he ran a hand through his hair. Connor stopped laughing for a moment before he said, \"I'll put our stuff upstairs, but you can look around. Please make yourself feel at home and I'll be right down.\" \"Okay.\" Connor took the two suitcases upstairs while Cassandra explored the house, noticing many pictures of Connor and the old team. There were pictures of them in the lake, laughing and running like kids did in that day and time, or even them hanging out in the living room as they played card games by the fireplace. Cassandra studied one in which Connor and Jack were back-to-back doing a pose like Candace and Vanessa did for Busted from Phineas and Ferb. The two boys were smiling as they looked so happy together in a time long forgotten. \"Jackie could never get the pose right. He was shorter than me at the time.\" Cassy was startled at the sudden voice but released that it was Connor on the bottom of the stairs. She smiled and listned as Connor continued, \"We kept taking that picture for hours and Ace insisted that we either do it right or do it all day.\" \"Ace was Jack's girlfriend, right?\" \"Yep. She was a nice girl and she was very pretty. Brown eyes to match brown hair, features that I thought were pretty for a tomboy like her. She always tried to prove herself to the guys and tried to better us in everything: Fishing, running, card games, you name it! Jackie loved her very much and even planned on marrying her after graduation. I suggested one summer we send out invitations and see who'd come, but that was dismissed when Jackie changed the subject.\" Cassy laughed at the thought of Connor saying such a joke and pictured the awkward conversation in her head. Connor laughed with her until his laughter subsided when he continued, \"After all we went through, I don't know what I was thinking. I could've controlled that power, really I could've, but I let it take over me. I let get that far and I killed them. Never in my life have I felt such regret.\" \"It wasn't your fault.\" \"Perhaps, but I could've stopped it.\" Connor sounded like he was about to cry when Cassy wrapped her arms around Connor and embraced him while he looked on in shock. Finally, he returned the embrace and rested his chin on her head, feeling her silky tresses upon his flesh. After a while, the two let go as Connor sighed, \"Memories...Cassy, would you like to go to the lake with me? We could fishing or swimming.\" \"I'd love to.\" Connor held out his hand to Cassy as they made their way to the cool waters of the lake, the calming effect of the sounds soothing the couple as they took off their shoes. As they reached the water's edge, Connor saw an egg-shaped stone and picked it up, skimming it across the water as Cassy clapped, \"Nice one, Con!\" \"It seems I haven't lost my touch after 30 years.\" \"Hey, that's my line!\" \"Was it? Sorry, it seems I've forgotten.\" The two laughed again before Connor suggested, \"Come down here and skim some rocks.\" \"Okay, but I might not be good at it.\" \"It's okay. It just takes some practice, that's all,\" Connor handed Cassy a rock as he instructed, \"All right, what you wanna do is skim it, so you want to face sideways, just how you would hitting a baseball...There you go...Now, don't use a lot of force as you use your wrist to guide the rock.\" Cassy followed his instructions as she skimmed the rock across, the rock bouncing 3 times before sinking to the bottom as Connor cheered, \"Nice one, Cas! You're not bad yourself.\" \"Thanks...Oh, and you don't have to worry about me reading while I 'm here because I finished it. Besides, I'd rather spend everyday here with you without worrying about sone book. \" \"How was the book? Did it end the way you wanted it to?\" \"Well, as much as I like the main characters, they had to die in order to be in love and together forever. It was the only way the families couldn't separate them.\" \"Interesting. I might read that book when we get back.\" \"I say good luck and I hope you like it.\" With that, the conversation ended as the two skimmed rocks some more. After 30 minutes of that, they decided to just lie down and rest in the grass not far from the house. Cassy leaned against a tree while Connor laid in her lap, letting her comforting voice sooth him as she combed her fingers through his hair. Connor fell asleep in her lap while she watched over him, singing random songs to him as she stroked his hair and gave him chaste kisses until Connor woke up and the two decided to go in. The two found some food in the house and ate in the living room as they talked and laughed about the good old days of their youth. The evening went by slowly and peacefully, even when they went upstairs to get ready for bed late at night. Cassy had changed into a short nightgown and was brushing her long hair while Connor was shirtless with sweatpants on as he sat on the bed, thinking about a troubling thought. Cassy noticed this thought and stopped what she was doing as she sat beside Connor and asked, \"What's wrong, love? You can tell me.\" \"It's nothing, Cas.\" Connor smiled as a faint blush crept up in his cheeks. Cassy laughed at this and gasped, \"Did I just see the Mighty Concussion blush so bashfully? What troubles you, Connor? You can't hide it for me forever, so just be honest and tell me.\" \"I'm contemplating on whether I should ask you an important question here or wait until we are ready.\" \"Ready for what?\" Connor hopped off the bed and kneeled at Cassy's lap as he said, \"Cassandra, every since I returned to Zenith, I felt so empty and alone. I felt like no one understood me and saw me for who I really was. I wore a mask to stay strong for my comrades and family even though the mask wouldn't last. I longed for a cure to save me from my guilt and it brought me you.\" \"Me?\" \"Yes, you understood my pain and you too knew grief. We were both older siblings with younger siblings of our own and we knew loss. I killed my friends and you lost your family to simple yet deadly accidents, making you sheltered, feared, and alone. I too felt feared and sheltered as well as alone, but I won't look upon the bad memories anymore because your image soothes me right to the core. You gave me hope that I could change and for that, I'm very grateful.\" Cassy leaned down and kissed Connor chastely on the forehead, joyful tears streaming down her face as Connor wiped them away with his hands. Cassy and Connor then leaned in to kiss as Connor rose from the floor and joined his girlfriend on the bed. The kiss was passionate yet tender as they embraced one another until they needed a moment to breath. The two appeared flushed and aroused as Cassy gasped, \"Wow...\" \"You got that right...\" \"Connor, I...I-Umm-\" \"What is it? What's wrong, my love?\" \"I-I love you...\" \"I love you too...\" \"I want you and I need you...Please.\" Connor thought about what she said before he realized what she wanted and gasped, \"Cas, I couldn't. Not to someone as previous as you. I'd never forgive myself if I hurt you.\" \"You won't hurt me because you've always been gentle with me. Just this once, please. I only want you...to love me, embrace me, and touch me.\" \"Are you sure? You're only eighteen-\" \"So are you!\" \"But, I should be forty-eight. I haven't aged.\" \"Please, do this for me, my healer, my protector.\" Cassy almost trembled when she said that as Connor looked on, knowing she was dead serious about this. Finally, he sighed, ran a hand through his hair, and grinned, \"All right, if that's what you really want, then I'll do it just this once. But, if you feel any discomfort, let me know and I'll stop. Deal?\" \"You got yourself a deal, Concussion.\" \"Ready?\" \"I've been ready since you protected me that night.\" Cassy confessed as she kissed Connor chastely on the lips, tangling her hands in his hair as he embraced her and French-kissed her, showing her that he was the dominant one in the relationship. Submitting to his chaste kisses, she let him be as he kissed and sucked on her neck, earning him innocent moans from his beloved. Never before had he felt so aroused , even by the members of his old Zenith team and although he never fell for them, he was glad he didn't or else Cassy wouldn't have come into his life when she did. Just the feeling of having Cassy with him alone in this passionate moment made Connor get even harder and more aroused as he lowered himself to Cassy's nightgown. Chastely, he peeled the short gown off of Cassy as her breasts were revealed to his gaze, causing her to cover them up as a blush creeped onto her face. Connor moved Cassy's hands away as her breasts came into view again. Cassy gave him a chaste grin as he kissed her cheek and responded, \"You don't need to hide yourself for me. I won't hurt you and honestly, I think you're beautiful.\" This comforted Cassy a little as she let Connor gaze at her, giving him chaste glances as he kissed her neck all the way down to the valley in between her breasts. Connor gazed at Cassy before he leaned down and took a hardened nipple into his mouth, sucking on it while kneaded the other breast. Moans escaped out of Cassy's body as she gripped Connor's hair for support, urging him to go further as he smiled against her bosom. Cassy almost whined when Connor stopped touching her bosom before he repeated the same procedure with the other breast. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine Concussion taking her innocence away from her, but it was finally happening as he stopped teasing her bosom, gently gliding her underwear down as he grinned up at Cassy's petite form. Cassy gripped the bed sheets for more support as Connor took off his pants and showed off his hardened length, making Cassy feel wetter and wetter in between her legs at each glance. Connor bent down lower and gripped Cassy's thighs with his hands, gently and chastely kissing the soft and sensitive flesh of her inner thighs as he gazed down at her feminine core. He took in its smell and warmth before he inserted a finger in her, bringing Cassy into a state of pure bliss before inserting another finger. He used these fingers to widen her opening as he pleasures her with his tongue, sucking and licking her juices and clit as he did so. This in turn caused Cassy to grab his hair for support as she bucked her hips to his movements. The pleasure lasted for several moments before Cassy came in Connor's mouth, causing him to lap up most of her feminine juices before he laid down on the bed, ready for whatever pleasure Cassy was planning to give him. Cassy grinned bashfully at her boyfriend before she took his length in her mouth, sucking and licking it with chaste kisses and greed. Connor in turn bucked his hips into her and grabbed her hair for support, almost using her auburn tresses like reins to keep her under control. He was worried he might accidently use his sonic blasts and hurt her, but that never came to be as the night went on. Cassy bobbed her head up and down with Connor's length in her mouth as he spasmed above her. When he had almost reached his limit and began whimpering in pleasure, Cassy stopped and laid on the bed as she whispered, \"I want you inside of me when you release your seed into me. Please take me, Connor, my love. Make me yours forever.\" With those words, Connor rolled over and gently inserted himself inside Cassy, her wet entrance making it easier for him as she winced. \"Are you all right?\" Connor asked as he embraced Cassy close to him, her voice soothing him as she whispered, \"Just keep going.\" Connor took this to be a command as he thrust into her deeply, letting Cassy wrap her legs around his waist to help him further. The process was passionate and romantic for both Connor and Cassy as they thrust into one another. The love-making went far into the night until finally, Connor released his warm seed into Cassy, causing her to moan as she pulled him down with her to enjoy the pleasure together. Connor shuddered against his Cassy violently as she caressed him close to her bosom, stroking his hair and running her hands down his strong, flexing back muscles as he relaxed against her. He remained collapsed on top of her until he rolled over and pulled Cassy into his arms, kissing her chastely as he pulled a sheet over them and breathed, \"T-Thank you...for this f-fine night.\" \"You-You're welcome...Connor. Thank y-you too.\" \"F-For what?\" \"For giving m-me love and p-pleasure beyond my w-wildest dreams. T-Thanks.\" \"D-Don't mention it.\" With that conversation ended, the two remained awake until they finally fell asleep, content to have a week to themselves where they could do as they wished. When the others would ask, they'd tell the, that they had a great time fishing and doing outdoor activities, and although they would have plenty of love-making to do after marriage, they were content with doing this process on this night. Both were slowly healing and this healing process was coming to an end as both were content with the other, determined to marry and have little children of their own. Although Connor felt like a monster, Cassy came into his life and saved him when he desperately needed her. She had saved him and he in turn saved her as well, gaining her trust, her love, and now, her innocence. On this day, their live was official and no one could ever change that...not in a million years. ~Fin~ ","Summary":" Healing & Recovery *AN: Hey, ladies & gentleman, Sairahiniel SakuraAeris1497 here! What's up? I hop"},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Cherry and Atticus's Adventures of Zoom","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12834656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cherry was in front of her house as she was selling some stuff with her parents. \"Whoa, whoa, you can't sell those!\" Bud cried out to his wife as she had a box filled with old comic books which had the superhero Captain Zoom with his team known as The Zenith Team. \"Bud, they're old, and no one's even heard of Captain Zoom in decades.\" Michelle told her husband. \"But they're still valuable!\" Bud cried. Michelle sighed and looked aggravated with her husband. \"Captain Zoom?\" Cherry asked. \"You mean that superhero that Daddy used to like as a kid?\" \"He insists on keeping them...\" Michelle rolled her eyes. \"Because they're valuable!\" Bud told her. Michelle sighed and soon gave the box back to her childish husband. \"Yay!\" Bud beamed as he took the box back and ran inside. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you!\" \"Your father can be so childish sometimes.\" Michelle told Cherry with an eye roll. \"I believe it...\" Cherry muttered in agreement. \"Oh, you kids these days,\" Bud sighed. \"You'll never know a true hero like Captain Zoom... Unlike your flashy Superman and Batman.\" \" WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT BATMAN?! \" Cherry suddenly got angry before she took a breath. \"Oh, sorry, Daddy...\" \"Bud, you know that Cherry is a big fan of Batman.\" Michelle said. \"I oughta tell Atticus about what he just said about Superman too!\" Cherry warned both her parents. \"No, please, don't!\" Bud begged. \"Stop it, both of you!\" Michelle scolded before smirking. \"Besides, Supergirl is the best superhero.\" \"You realize she's not as experienced as the other heroes, right?\" Cherry asked. \"Just stating the facts.\" Cherry smirked. Michelle still looked in deadpan before looking up. \"Oh, here comes your friend.\" Cherry looked over as Atticus walked down the street. \"Hey, you guys got anything good?\" Atticus asked. \"We had Captain Zoom comics...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"That's interesting.\" Atticus said. \"So, how was training with WordGirl?\" Cherry asked. \"It went great, and she'll be here in ten seconds.\" Atticus said. \"As Becky?\" Cherry whispered to Atticus so her parents wouldn't hear. \"Yep.\" Atticus nodded. \"All right...\" Cherry said. Soon enough, Becky Botsford AKA WordGirl soon appeared. \"Hi, Cherry.\" Becky smiled. \"Hey, Becky.\" Cherry replied. \"Your city sure is nice.\" Becky said. \"Thanks,\" Cherry replied. \"Just selling some old junk for Mom and Dad.\" \" CAPTAIN ZOOM IS NOT JUNK! \" Bud called out. \" I'M NOT EVEN TALKING ABOUT CAPTAIN ZOOM! \" Cherry called back. \"Oh... NEVER MIND THEN! \" Bud replied. \"Ugh...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"What was that about?\" Becky asked. \"Oh, just Daddy living in the past again,\" Cherry replied. \"Mom tried to sell his old Captain Zoom comic books, and he refused.\" \"Captain Zoom?\" Becky asked. \"According to Dad, he's the best superhero in the world.\" Cherry smirked. \"That's because he was.\" A familiar strong voice said from the air. Cherry, Atticus, and Becky soon looked up and all around before looking up in the air, and saw a familiar Man of Steel. He then landed right in front of them which made Cherry fall from the strong landing, but Becky and Atticus stood still due to how strong they were. \"Superman, what're you doing here?\" Atticus smiled to his superhero idol. \"And please tell us it's nothing serious.\" Cherry added as she got up. \"Well, Atticus, it feels coincidental, but I feel like you might be able to please Captain Zoom.\" Superman said. \"Oh, yeah?\" Atticus replied. \"How so?\" \"He's looking for new members of the Zenith to help save the world, and he will be like a mentor,\" Superman explained. \"He's looking for the right kids for the job.\" \"After all these years, he's now wanting to look for new members?\" Atticus asked. \"That's what my Intel tells me...\" Superman nodded before looking to Becky. \"Is this the missing Lexiconite?\" \"Who, me?\" Becky smiled nervously. \"How could I be from Planet Lexicon? I'm a normal human being and not an extraterrestrial.\" \"Let's go talk somewhere in private.\" Atticus suggested. \"People aren't allowed in my room.\" Cherry reminded. \"Just this once?\" Becky asked. Cherry narrowed her eyes before she suddenly had an idea. \"Oh, I know!\" Suddenly, they were all in a room filled with several doors, but it wasn't active since no one was asleep. \"Uh, what is this place?\" Becky asked. \"This is the Dream Realm,\" Cherry replied. \"I come here at night as Princess Luna's student.\" \"Nice.\" Atticus said. \"All right, Superman, what's up?\" Becky asked the Man of Steel. \"I recognize you as a Lexiconite.\" Superman told her. Becky sighed. \"What gave it away?\" Superman soon showed her a book all about her race. \"Oh... Heh...\" Becky smiled nervously. \"Your origin is a lot like mine,\" Superman replied. \"You were just an innocent child on the Planet Lexicon until you accidentally boarded on a spacecraft with Captain Huggyface, and then crash landed on Earth.\" \"That's right,\" Becky nodded. \"So then, are we going to get to meet Captain Zoom?\" \"Yes,\" Superman replied. \"I thought maybe I could take you there to try to become his new Zenith team members.\" \"Sounds great.\" Atticus smiled. Cherry looked a little left out. \"Uh, could Cherry come watch me try out?\" Atticus asked. \"For support?\" \"Well, I suppose that would be all right, after all, she is close with Batman.\" Superman replied. They soon woke up back to her room. \"Thanks, Atticus.\" Cherry said as she leaned over him with magic marker. Atticus grabbed her wrist before she could mark him. \"Let go!\" Cherry winced. Atticus soon let her go before getting up. Cherry rubbed her wrist and soon put the marker away. \"Did we just go to sleep?\" Becky asked out of confusion. \"Yep.\" Cherry said as Superman got up. Superman yawned and stretched. \"Captain Zoom...\" Cherry said. \"Boy, is Dad gonna be more jealous than that time we went to Comic Con and met Owen Garrison.\" \"So, should we go now?\" Atticus asked. \"Fine by me.\" Superman nodded. \"Don't break through-!\" Cherry yelped. Superman soon crashed through the ceiling as he flew off to meet the others outside. \"The ceiling...\" Cherry groaned. \"Don't superheroes know what a door is?\" \"Most of us just like to fly.\" Atticus said. \"Show-offs...\" Cherry replied. \"Hmm... Interesting how Batman doesn't fly, and yet he has wings...\" Atticus smirked. \"Are you trying to say that Superman is better than Batman?\" Cherry glared in warning. \"Because that is an awful lie!\" They soon left the house. \"Captain Zoom!\" Bud beamed like a child. Michelle rolled her eyes to her husband as everyone then left with Superman, and where they all went to where the try-outs were. \"I'm a little nervous...\" Atticus said to Cherry. \"I wanted you to come for luck.\" \"Surprised you chose me and not your girlfriend.\" Cherry teased. \"She's spending some time with Timber and Gloriosa.\" Atticus said. \"I know, but still.\" Cherry replied. \"Well, I've known you for a long time...\" Atticus said. \"Just try not to embarrass me.\" \"No promises.\" Cherry said. Atticus hummed with a small smirk. \"This is it.\" Superman told them. \"Area 51?\" Becky asked. \"But... I thought it was a myth.\" \"Nope, it's real.\" Superman said. \"Will we be okay here?\" Becky asked. \"Don't worry, Becky,\" Superman soothed the fellow alien superhero. \"No one will hurt you here.\" Becky smiled to him as they went inside. There were other kids who were in line for the try-outs while there was a casually dressed man with a couple of doctors in glasses and lab coats. 'This should be interesting.' Cherry thought to herself. A girl came first and she seemed to blink her eyes rapidly. \"What is this?\" The casual man muttered. \"She's blinking fast.\" \"She was better in the audition.\" A woman told him. \"I am a little cooler.\" Another man muttered. 'Boring.' Cherry thought to herself. A bad boy soon walked up, chewing some gum. \"Oh, dude...\" The casual man greeted, trying to sound cool. The boy soon turned invisible before their very eyes. 'Cool.' Becky thought to herself. \"Now you see him, now you don't,\" Zoom smirked. \"How ya doin'?\" The boy shrugged before walking off. Another boy came next and soon ate a piece of paper, and then put a pen in his mouth and shot spitballs out to the casual man's face. \"Yuck.\" Cherry cringed. \"Pass the hand sanitizer, please.\" The casual man grumbled. The next kid was a little girl who sang the alphabet. \"Stop that!\" The casual man glared. \"You're singing the alphabet. T-That's not a power... And your voice is average, it's not super.\" \"It is to super!\" The little girl glared back and soon lifted the judge's table and tossed it against the wall, shattering it. \"Whoa, that is impressive.\" Becky said. \"Get another table in here, please, right away.\" The other man told an assistant. Next was a girl who had telekinesis and she soon summoned a glass before shattering it at the wall. \"I see things...\" she then told the judges. \"Do you see dead people?\" Cherry asked, quoting The Sixth Sense. \"I see you suffer from a massive inferiority complex.\" The girl scoffed to her. \"I try to hide that so well.\" Cherry muttered. Atticus patted Cherry on the head. \"I'm Jupiter: The Gas Giant.\" Another boy said. The others then stopped him as they didn't want to see what sort of power that he could possibly possess, but it was too late, he soon did his power which was a super fart. \"Ugh!\" Cherry complained. \"Why me? WHY ME?! \" \"Oh, man, and I thought Dr. Two-Brains's lair smelled cheesy.\" Becky groaned. Next was a rather chubby boy. \"Is he doing it or is he just naturally that chubby?\" The rather slobby casual man wondered, but his comment would not go unnoticed. \"I think he heard you.\" Cherry said nervously. The boy soon removed a sock and shoe which showed a large balloon-like foot. He then grew his head in size. \"It's so cool!\" The woman approved. \"Sure is.\" Superman nodded. Next was a boy who soon made a super booger from his nose. Everybody just thought that was gross and not just the girls. The snot bubble even exploded on certain others. \"Hey, Atticus, you're next.\" Cherry pointed out. Atticus nodded before doing his try-out. Superman smiled proudly as he was excited for Atticus. Atticus rolled up his sleeves and soon zipped outside which made Zoom and the others look puzzled before they yelled out and he lifted the building with one hand. \"Show-off.\" Cherry smirked. Atticus then put the building back down and zipped right back inside. \"Super-Speed and Super-Strength?\" The casual guy asked as he felt impressed. Atticus soon flew in the air before using his super-breath. \"Super-breath too, huh?\" The casual man asked, and the doctors also looked amazed. Atticus soon showed the rest of his powers. The casual man who was the usual judge for this smiled and stamped Approval all over Atticus's personal file. Cherry lightly clapped while Becky and Superman cheered and hollered excitedly for Atticus. \"Alright, next!\" The sloppy man called out. \"Oh, I guess that's me...\" Becky said as she went to take a turn. \"So weird to do this without being WordGirl.\" \"You're that girl who wins the annual Vocab Bee every year in Fair City.\" The casual man recognized Becky. \"Um, yes...\" Becky replied. \"But... Don't tell anyone, but I'm also actually...\" she then touched her collar and soon transformed into her superhero outfit. \" WORDGIRL! \" \"No way!\" The woman smiled. Becky smiled back sheepishly as WordGirl. The kids were of course amazed that they got to see WordGirl's secret identity, but of course, they would not tell anyone else about it. Becky soon showed her abilities which had been mastered thanks to Atticus training her after the rise of Miss Power, and where she was approved. \"All right, I suppose that about wraps things up,\" The man said. \"Oh, um, how about you?\" \"Who, me?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, no, no, I'm not here to try-out, besides, I'm nothing special.\" \"Then why's your name in one of the files?\" The casual man asked. \"What?!\" Cherry squeaked. \"Go on, Cherry, it might be good for you...\" Atticus smirked. \"Besides, what do they know from Batman's goddaughter?\" Cherry simply grumbled before doing her audition to be on the Zenith Team. \"Hello there.\" The man who called out for her greeted. \"Uh... Hi...\" Cherry replied. \"Um... Jack Shepherd, Dr. Holloway, and Dr. Grant... Wonderful weather we're having, huh?\" Atticus tapped his foot. \"What should I do?\" Cherry asked Atticus as she looked like she was having stage fright. \"Show them your power.\" Atticus said. Cherry smiled nervously to the adults who stared at her, she then looked a bit insecure. \"Cherry, what ever you do, don't-\" Atticus warned. Cherry began to shrink in size. \"Uh, is she shrinking?\" Becky asked while Atticus sighed. \"Yes...\" Atticus sighed. \"It happens when her self-esteem feels crushed.\" \"Should we help?\" Becky asked. \"We have to...\" Atticus said. \"Is that your power?\" Zoom asked the perky goth. \"Shrinking? I guess it's impressive if you're Ant-Man.\" \"Come on, Cherry, you can do better than that!\" Becky encouraged. \"Show them what you're made of!\" \"Yeah!\" Atticus added. \"Show them Kimba!\" \"I-It only works when I get mad or scared...\" Cherry shivered. \"Cherry...\" Atticus rolled his eyes. \"I can't do it!\" Cherry cried out before she ran off the stage while crying. Sombra soon appeared in front of her. \"GAH!\" Cherry shrieked. \"King Sombra...\" \"Well, if it isn't my nephew's beeeest frieeeend?\" Sombra smirked as he put his hoof around her and hugged her close while she shivered. \"You seem... Kind of smaller today...\" Since Cherry was scared, Kimba soon appeared. Sombra seemed to scream before disappearing. The others muttered as Cherry seemed to make a white tiger appear from nowhere. \"Are you alright, Cherry?\" Kimba asked. \"I have to audition for these people from Area 51...\" Cherry shuddered. \"I'm not sure what to do.\" \"Just show them what you can create.\" Kimba assured her as he gave a lift. Cherry looked nervous. \"Why is she so scared?\" Becky asked Atticus. \"I think it's because she doesn't know these people.\" Atticus replied. \"Ohh.\" Becky said. \"Cherry's a dream-bender!\" Atticus blurted out. Cherry felt like she was going to shrink again, and yet, it didn't happen, but she still felt nervous. \"You can do it.\" Kimba assured her. \"A dream-bender?\" Jack asked Cherry. \"What is that exactly?\" \"Um, well, I can visit people in their dreams, and I can make things appear when I need them from my imagination...\" Cherry did her best to explain. \"It's one of the hidden Elements like in the Fire Nation or Water Tribe from ancient times.\" \"That sounds so cool.\" Dr. Halloway smiled. \"It certainly sounds unique,\" Jack commented. \"In all my years, I've never heard of such a thing.\" Cherry smiled sheepishly and even blushed. Jack then even approved Cherry's application, and where hers was the last one. \"Anyone else?\" Jack asked. \"That's it.\" The two doctors told him. \"All right,\" Jack replied. \"All those declined, you may go, all those approved, come with me.\" Atticus and the others soon followed him. They were brought into a room where they were all given mustard yellow jumpsuits.[Chapter 2] \"Eh, not a bad color I guess...\" Becky shrugged. \"It's almost like one of my WordGirl colors.\" \"Don't you guys have anything in blue?\" Cherry complained. \"Nope.\" One of the men said. \"Great.\" Cherry muttered. The kids were then taken into another room to meet their trainer. \"So, who are you all?\" Cherry asked the others who made it past the auditions. The invisible boy soon appeared right in front of her. \"Name's Dylan West.\" he then smirked to the perky goth. \"Do you usually do that to every girl you meet?\" Cherry asked. \"Why?\" Dylan smirked. \"Do you like it?\" \"You wish...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. Dylan soon turned invisible. Cherry rolled her eyes. \"You remind me of my little sister, though you're a lot stronger than she is.\" Atticus said to the young girl. \"Thanks...\" The girl seemed to blush to him. \"My name is Cindy~\" \"That's a cute name.\" Atticus smiled. \"Thank you~\" The girl blushed even more. \"I see you're strong too~\" \"That I am.\" Atticus smiled to her. Cindy soon got closer to him. Atticus looked a little nervous since Cindy was a little girl, but she clearly seemed to have a crush on him. The other teenage girl was soon writing in a notebook as Dylan appeared right in front of her. \"That is getting so old.\" She then droned without even looking up at him. \"Well, considering you can read my mind, I don't have many options.\" Dylan smirked. 'Oh, wow.' Becky thought to herself. \"I can't read your mind,\" The girl droned to Dylan. \"I just feel stuff.\" \"Cherry, I think I found you a friend~\" Atticus smiled. \"Gee, thanks.\" Cherry grumbled. \"And you can stop hitting on me entirely...\" The girl warned Dylan. \"No, I can't do that,\" Dylan smiled innocently as he shook his head. \"You and I are destiny.\" \"Children,\" Dr. Holloway soon walked into the room. \"I would like to formally introduce you to a great man: Mr. Jack Shepherd.\" Mr. Shepherd soon let out a loud belch. The others grimaced and cringed out of disgust. \"Sorry... I don't remember eating that...\" The retired superhero told them. \"Great man or a washed-up loser?\" Dylan whispered to the others. 'No argument here.' Becky thought to herself. \"It's a fine line,\" Jack deadpanned. \"What a nice kid. Is the long hair and the James Dean angst just a package for you?\" \"Mr. Shepherd is uniquely qualified to be your new instructor,\" Dr. Holloway told the kids. \"And now he'll tell you why.\" \"What?\" Jack looked at her. 'He didn't know?' Atticus thought to himself. \"Oh, yeah, kids...\" Jack then said as he came to the front of the room. \"Do you have any idea what you're doing here and why?\" \" Me !\" Cindy raised her hand. \"Come on! Come on! Me! Me! Me! Me?\" 'Please just pick her. ' Cherry thought to herself. \"All right,\" Jack gave in. \"The little one.\" \"We were brought here in super secret because we were selected out of a huge group of kids because we're really special, and they needed special kids for a special cause,\" Cindy informed. \"That's what Miss Holloway said.\" 'Bet that was what Mr. Shepard was going for.' Becky thought to herself. \"Very smart, Cindy.\" Atticus approved. \"Thanks~\" Cindy blushed and giggled to him. \"I don't think I've heard anybody use that many specials in a sentence.\" Jack commented. \"Is that a good thing?\" Cherry asked. \"It's all a lie,\" Dylan interjected. \"We're here because we're different.\" The other kids didn't seem to like the sound of being called 'different' like it was a bad thing. \"You lift a car and you're six, how different is that?\" Dylan scoffed to Cindy. \"Just ignore him.\" Cherry told Cindy. \"Don't be a jerk, man.\" The other boy known as Tucker told Dylan. \"Okay, children?\" Dr. Holloway clapped her hands before whistling to get their attention. \"Augh!\" Cherry complained and clamped her hands over her ears since she hated whistling. \"Yow!\" Atticus and Becky yelped as they covered their ears. Even Jack cleaned the inside of his ear from the sharp whistle. \"Sorry.\" Dr. Holloway told them. \"Okay, maybe this'll help,\" Jack told the kids. \"I spent a lot of time here at the 'camp secret' when I was just about your age, and you know what? It pretty much ruined my life.\" \"Wait, what?\" Becky asked. \"Uh, Mr. Shepherd-\" Dr. Holloway spoke up. \"Hey, the military would like you to be just like me,\" Jack continued. \"You have to work hard, and focus, but most of all, and most important, you're gonna need massive doses of Gamma-13 a mission, so let's fill in that big machine, and zap the little guys, huh?\" \"Uh, Mr. Shepherd, hallway, please?\" Dr. Holloway interrupted. \"Right, let's go in the hallway,\" Jack replied as he followed her. \"You guys wanna slip on that underwear if you wanna protect your privates.\" \"Classy.\" Cherry deadpanned. \"Real classy.\" The other girl named Summer agreed. \"Was that the same guy from the try-out?\" Becky asked. \"Yes, Captain Zoom,\" Cherry replied. \"My father's hero.\" \"He seemed less of a hero and more of a jerk.\" Becky said. \"I don't even know why I'm here...\" Cherry replied before getting out of her desk and walking. \"Where are you going?\" Atticus asked her. \"I'm going home,\" Cherry replied. \"I don't need this guy.\" She was soon about to leave. \"Cherry, you can't leave!\" Atticus cried out. \"Just try and stop me!\" Cherry replied as she was on her way out. \"Now... If I were an exit, where would I be?\" She began to look around for the exit. A certain warlock soon appeared. \"I can find the exit,\" Cherry said. \"I am focused, I am dedicated, I am-\" \"A quitter.\" Drell said. \"Thanks, Drell...\" Cherry replied before doing a double take and screamed. \"What're you doing here?!\" \"Watching you abandon your best friend and your favorite hero, would you like Concussion destroy them later on?\" Drell glared. Cherry smiled nervously as she backed up. \"You know what? I just decided to stay here.\" \"Good girl...\" Drell patted her on the head before snickering. \"Wow, no wonder you wear black and blue all the time, yellow doesn't suit you. You look like a washed-up April O'Neil.\" \"Gee, thanks.\" Cherry muttered. Drell laughed and even took out an iPhone and snapped a picture. \" HEY, YOU CREEP! \"' Cherry glared. \"Gotta go.\" Drell said before teleporting away. Cherry growled and yelled out. \" I HATE THAT MAN! \" She soon stormed back to the others. \"Cherry, you came back.\" Atticus smiled. \"Whatever...\" Cherry said before sitting back down at her desk. Dr. Holloway soon also came back. \"Um, where's Mr. Shepherd?\" Becky asked. \"He has thinking to go over.\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"By that, you mean he has lunch to scarf down?\" Cherry guessed. \"Don't be like that...\" Dr. Holloway sighed. Cherry raised an eyebrow. \"All right, you may be right.\" Dr. Holloway then admitted. 'Knew it.' Cherry thought to herself. Dr. Holloway soon took out comic books for them. \"Ooh, comic books.\" Becky smiled. \"That's right,\" Dr. Holloway told her. \"Now, everyone take one, but ah, don't touch the sleeve!\" \"Then how do we take one?\" Becky asked. \"All right, everyone please put on your PH balancing anti-bacterial rubber gloves.\" Dr. Holloway said as she brought out a container of white rubber gloves. Everyone seemed to take out the comic books without the gloves. \"Or not...\" Dr. Holloway sighed to the others. \"Why are you giving these to us?\" Cherry asked. \"My dad has a warehouse full of these things.\" \"I'm not giving them to you,\" Dr. Holloway told her. \"I'm just showing them to you, because yesterday, you asked me why Mr. Shepherd was a great man, well, this is why he's a great man.\" \"He's Captain Zoom?\" Becky asked. \"Yes, you've got that right, Becky,\" Dr. Holloway smiled to her. \"And these comics are a record of the incredible things that Zoom and his amazing team did to protect mankind. He was the leader of the Zenith Team, faster than Quicksilver, The Flash, and Superman, all together!\" \"Whoa.\" Becky said. \"No way!\" Atticus added about the being faster than Superman part. \"Way.\" Dr. Holloway nodded. \"I guess you guys misjudged him, and you tried to run away.\" Cherry smirked even though she did that. 'Why do I have a feeling most of these people are hiding something?' Atticus thought to himself. They all then decided to read the comic books. Cherry looked over to Atticus as she felt like she knew what he was thinking. \"What's up?\" she then asked. \"You're making that weird face when you have an idea.\" \"I have a feeling their hiding something like why now to assemble the new Zenith team.\" Atticus said. \"You're gonna go investigate, aren't you?\" Cherry asked. \"I might as well...\" Atticus replied. \"You know me so well, don't you?\" \"How long's it been?\" Cherry asked. \"Seven years?\" \"Somewhere around that.\" Atticus said. \"You guys have known each other for seven years?\" Becky asked Cherry and Atticus. \"Yep.\" Atticus nodded. \"Go on,\" Cherry told Atticus. \"Besides, I think Cindy and Tucker might be doing the same thing.\" \"I think they're more into a fan mode.\" Atticus said. \"All right, go investigating, but stay out of trouble.\" Cherry told him. Atticus nodded to her as he decided to prepare himself. \"What should we do while he's investigating?\" Becky asked. \"I dunno... Explore?\" Cherry shrugged. \"Sure.\" Becky shrugged back. Atticus closed his book and went out to investigate.[Chapter 3] When Atticus began his investigation, he decided to start by first questioning Dr. Holloway. \"Oh, hello, Atticus.\" Dr. Holloway looked over. \"Could I ask you a few questions, ma'am?\" Atticus asked. \"Oh, what about?\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"I want to know why the new Zenith Team was formed now and for what reason other then to fight off evil?\" Atticus asked. \"I guess I should've known someone like you would ask about that...\" Dr. Holloway sighed. \"So, what's the reason?\" Atticus asked. \"Well... You seem to know a lot about superheroes and villains... Do you know anyone by the name of Concussion?\" Dr. Holloway asked back. \"No, but I'm guessing he must have been a villain or a hero that turned evil.\" Atticus said. \"Well, the thing is, Concussion is Captain Zoom's brother...\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"30 years ago, there was a different Zenith Team, but unfortunately, Concussion killed them all. He thought that Zoom betrayed him with Ace, Marksman, and Daravia.\" \"Why?\" Atticus asked. \"The American military sought to enhance the team's powers using an experimental form of radiation called 'Gamma-13',\" Dr. Holloway informed. \"This made Zoom faster and stronger, but it also turned Concussion evil.\" \"You seem to know a lot about this,\" Atticus replied. \"Did Zoom tell you?\" \"Actually, I'm just a huge fan of his work.\" Dr. Holloway smiled bashfully. \"So, then did he actually want to do this or was he dragged?\" Atticus asked. \"Eh... Dragged...\" Dr. Holloway smiled nervously. \"I had a feeling he might have been dragged here.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, a lot can change in 30 years.\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"So, where was he before?\" Atticus continued to ask. \"Before here?\" Dr. Holloway asked. \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. \"Oh, he was mostly just to himself,\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"Dr. Grant called him over really after we found out about Concussion's return.\" \"How many days?\" Atticus asked. \"As soon as Dr. Grant found out, he contacted Mr. Shepherd, of course, it was a bit hard to convince him, though he came anyway...\" Dr. Holloway sighed. \"He's kind of like Deadpool, he doesn't seem to really care about his heroic duties anymore.\" \"Well, then we better have my superhero mentor help him with training then.\" Atticus said. \"That might help,\" Dr. Holloway smiled. \"Thank you, Atticus, you're a very kind and helpful boy.\" \"I do what I can.\" Atticus smiled back. \"So, who's your superhero mentor?\" Dr. Holloway asked. \"Ahem...\" Atticus cleared his throat before yelling out. \"HELP!\" Superman zipped by. \"Dr. Holloway, meet the Man of Steel himself: Superman.\" Atticus introduced. Dr. Holloway seemed to now be in a fan girl mode. \"Um... You okay there?\" Atticus asked. \"Sorry, I just love superheroes...\" Dr. Holloway giggled innocently. \"I was always that weird girl who read comic books instead of playing with dolls.\" \"That's interesting to know.\" Atticus said. \"Well, I guess you should get back to the others, but, um, Superman?\" Dr. Holloway replied. \"Yes?\" Superman replied. \"Can I have your autograph?\" Dr. Holloway smiled sheepishly as she brought out her Superman vs Supergirl comic book. Superman saw this coming as he brought out a pen and signed Dr. Holloway's comic. \"Thank you~\" Dr. Holloway replied before giggling and squealing. \"Get used to this when you're through with training.\" Superman chuckled to Atticus. \"I will.\" Atticus said. Meanwhile, the others were asking Jack questions while Cherry stood by annoyed with them for bugging him and he seemed to feel the exact same way. It was very clear that she wanted to be anywhere else but here. \"Cherry, I need you to have a lot of energy and focus on your powers,\" Atticus said to his best friend. \"We're gonna be training sometime soon.\" \"Oh, great, now I can mess up with an audience.\" Cherry deadpanned to herself. \"You won't mess up.\" Atticus said. \"I can't wait for you to see how strong I am, Atticus~\" Cindy smiled as she hugged the boy's left leg. 'Looks like someone has a crush on him.' Cherry thought to herself. Atticus smiled politely to Cindy before looking to Cherry. \"What?\" \"Dude, she's into you.\" Cherry teased. \"I kinda got the feeling that she was.\" Atticus said. \"Maybe you could ask her out when Mo's not around.\" Cherry teased. \"She's six!\" Atticus reminded her. Cherry just laughed from her own amusement. \"Oh, ha ha, very funny.\" Atticus rolled his eyes. Soon enough, everyone was going to train for the Zenith Team. There would be a bit of extra help from Superman. Dr. Grant and Dr. Holloway took notes on everyone. Their first training was teamwork as paint ball guns shot at them. \"Do paint balls hurt?\" Cherry winced nervously. Her question was answered by getting hit by paint balls. Cherry yelped out of pain. Atticus winced and felt pain for her even though he was invulnerable. \"Why is it always me?!\" Cherry cried out. Soon enough, their training for the day was over. \"So tired... Gotta rest...\" Cherry groaned as she limped before falling onto a couch. \"Man, not even Batman and Alfred give me such intense training... No wonder Robin's so agitated in the Teen Titans all the time.\" \"That was brutal.\" Atticus said. Cherry popped her shoes off and decided to take a nap. \"So, how'd it go?\" Superman asked Atticus, deciding to check on him. \"It was like being pelted with paint being treated like a piece of art in a bad way.\" Atticus said. \"Oh... I'm sorry, but trust me, it'll get easier, I promise.\" Superman soothed. \"If you say so.\" Atticus said. \"I thought Ms. Magrooney's gym class was a nightmare, I feel like I just got the wind knocked out of me.\" Cherry gasped. \"Me too, except I don't know who Ms. Magrooney is.\" Becky added. \"She's the gym teacher for the girls at our school.\" Atticus told her. \"Atticus must be a tough and fair mentor.\" Superman smiled at Becky. \"He's pretty great,\" Becky smiled. \"A lot better than that mean old Miss Power.\" \"I've been teaching her a lot of good fighting moves,\" Atticus said. \"And we've been able to increase her speed.\" \"Yeah, you should see me,\" Becky smiled. \"I can't wait to show Huggy.\" \"Have you ever thought about telling your parents or best friend who you are?\" Atticus asked her. \"Oh, I couldn't do that...\" Becky frowned. \"I just couldn't.\" \"You know you can trust your best friend and family to keep your secret identity a secret, right?\" Atticus asked her. \"I just couldn't...\" Becky frowned. \"I mean, I've wanted to tell Violet for a long time, but... I just can't bring myself to.\" \"We understand.\" Superman said. \"It's just... I've been keeping this secret for so long, and it just keeps getting harder for me to tell them...\" Becky sighed. \"Just take your time.\" Atticus said. \"You guys make it sound so easy.\" Becky replied. \"Well, we're a little more experienced than you are,\" Atticus said. \"Cherry often has missions with Batman.\" \"I hate that Joker...\" Cherry groaned. \"Yeah, his laugh is quite annoying.\" Atticus said. \"I swear, I just wanna punch that clown make-up off his face.\" Cherry sneered. \"I won't hold you back.\" Atticus said. \"You are my best friend.\" Cherry smirked. Atticus smirked back. Before they knew it, it would be back to training, and now it looked like baseball practice, and where it would be fun, well, for most of them. Cherry struggled a bit as she swung the bat awkwardly. \"Don't chop at it!\" Atticus told her. \"It's not a sword.\" \" You're not a sword!\" Cherry retorted. \"This could take a little while.\" Atticus said. Everyone else seemed to do just fine with it while Cherry struggled due to not being a strong sports girl. \"Cherry, did you know that Batman once played baseball?\" Superman asked. \"That was an old comic book from my father's time,\" Cherry deadpanned. \"Like Wonder Woman going bowling.\" \"Well, those events in those comics actually did happen.\" Superman said. Cherry fluttered her lips. Atticus came up behind Cherry to straighten her out so that she could do better. Cherry kept her eye on the ball and she soon was able to hit the ball with the bat this time, and where it was a home run. \"Good one, Cherry!\" Atticus praised. \"Hey, I did it.\" Cherry said in surprise of herself. She soon ran all the bases. Once she got done, she look wore out since she wasn't very healthy physical wise since she usually tried to avoid Gym Class. \"I never thought that this would be worse than Gym class.\" Cherry said. \"You really need to get more exercise, Cherry,\" Atticus encouraged. \"It's very important.\" \"I know, I know, a healthy body means a healthy mind,\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"Besides, brains beats brawns any time.\" \"Yes, it does.\" Becky nodded. \"Get more exercise, Cherry,\" Atticus replied. \"You don't want Drell to make you look feeble and weak all the time.\" Cherry muttered at the mention of Drell who was like the Celestia in their universe since he sent them on missions/adventures. \"I wonder what we'll do next?\" Becky said. There was a break for everyone. \"Maybe next time, you should use unbreakable windows.\" Atticus said as he was fixing a glass window that Cindy shattered due to her home run with a wrench. Dr. Holloway took note of that for the future before she decided to have a talk with Mr. Shepherd. \"I wonder what our next training will be?\" Becky wondered. \"Can't we stop focusing on training and just relax while we can?\" Cherry complained. \"I agree.\" Tucker sighed. \"You did pretty good, Tucker.\" Atticus smiled. \"Wow, thanks, Atticus,\" Tucker smiled back. \"I sometimes get nervous about my power, cuz, ya know... I'm kinda fat.\" \"You shouldn't be nervous about your power,\" Atticus said. \"It just takes time to control.\" \"I hope I get the hang of it then...\" Tucker replied. \"You seem to be in control of your powers. What's your secret?\" \"Lots of practice.\" Atticus said. Tucker smiled to him and Atticus smiled back in encouragement. Dr. Grant soon led the others into another room, Cindy followed behind and looked like a ballerina princess. \"Um, nice outfit.\" Cherry told her. \"Thanks!\" Cindy beamed. \"This is my superhero costume!\" \"Well, it sure is cute.\" Cherry said. Cindy giggled as she skipped along to be with Atticus. \"Crushes...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"So, where are we going today?\" Becky asked Dr. Grant. \"Oh, we gotta get you some protective gear for tomorrow's combat training.\" Dr. Grant informed. \"Cool.\" Atticus said. Cindy tried to hold Jack's hand. \"Don't hold my hand, please,\" Jack told the little girl. \"I don't wanna hold your hand.\" Cindy firmly pouted and squeezed his hand so hard you could almost hear his bones pop. \"That's gotta hurt.\" Cherry winced. They were brought into a laboratory where there seemed to be other scientists working with robotic mechanics, and where they met a robot. \"Hey, is that you, Mr. Pibb?\" Jack asked the robot. The robot replied with beeps. \"Recognize me? How you doin', buddy?\" Jack smiled before holding out his hand. \"Gimme five.\" \"Mr. Pibb?\" Becky asked Jack. \"Yeah, that's the name we gave him,\" Jack smiled. \"He didn't have any friends down here, so they built us one. We made him out of cans of soda.\" \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"At least it's not like Mr. Big.\" Becky whispered to herself. \"How very nice of you.\" Summer said to Jack. \"You have to touch things to understand them?\" Jack asked her since she touched the robot while it beeped. \"Not always.\" Summer mumbled. \"What's he saying?\" Cherry asked. \"He thinks Mr. Shepherd's had an increase in mass.\" Summer replied. \"Ooh.\" Cherry smirked. \"Pibb...\" Jack frowned to the robot. \"Couldn't have been as kind as WALL•E.\" Cherry smirked. \"Guess he was just thinking out loud.\" Atticus said. \"It's impossible to know what he thinks, Miss Jones,\" Dr. Grant chuckled to Summer. \"His program is a rudimentary 15-megabyte system. He has no thoughts.\" \"I suppose you don't have thoughts of what your life would be like if you were a figure skater?\" Summer smirked. Hearing this caused the group to chuckle. \"Well, then,\" Dr. Grant replied. \"I guess I'll leave you kids in the capable hands of Jack Shepard.\" \"You do that, Grant,\" Jack replied. \"I'll take care of them.\" Dr. Grant nodded and then took his leave. \"Well, that was embarrassing for him.\" Atticus smirked. \"Mr. Pibb, is that old Rambler still down in the hangar?\" Jack asked. The robot seemed to nod to him. \"Got the keys?\" Jack whispered. The robot nodded again. \"I have a good feeling about this.\" Becky said. \"You guys seem a lot nicer than my big sister.\" Cindy said. \"Oh, you have a sister?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah,\" Cindy frowned. \"Her name's Kelly, and she's a little spoiled. I think she belongs in a military school.\" \"Maybe she'll be sent there.\" Atticus said. \"Awesome, I get the big bedroom!\" Cindy beamed. 'Big bedroom?' Becky thought to herself. Jack soon led them out of the laboratory. \"Watch your heads.\" he then warned the others. \"Okay.\" Becky said. \"All right, Pibb, knock off the security cameras.\" Jack continued. \"Are we allowed in here?\" Cherry asked, suspiciously. \"Don't worry about it,\" Jack said before commanding his robot friend. \"Open the door.\" Mr. Pibb soon opened the door. \"Go, go, go, go!\" Jack told them. They all then rushed into the other room which was dark. \"All right, stand right there, ready...?\" Jack told them before he turned on the lights. \"Ready for what?\" Cherry asked. \"This.\" Jack replied as he showed them something. Everyone looked over in amazement and it appeared to be a UFO like in sci-fi movies. \"Whoa!\" Atticus smiled. \"It's the flying saucer from Area 51!\" Tucker gasped. \"It exists!\" \"How is this possible?\" Cherry asked. \"Well, actually, we rebuilt it the best we could after it crash-landed in the late 40's.\" Jack informed. \"It's really awesome!\" Tucker beamed. \"Yeah, it's amazing.\" Dylan added. \"Yeah, it's really cool.\" Jack smiled to the kids. \"So, is this going to take us to our missions?\" Becky smiled back. \"Yeah, I'm getting goosebumps.\" Dylan added in excitement. The others seemed to chuckle about that. \"Let's test this out.\" Jack decided. \"Yeah, let's, but let's not tell Superman about this; I have a feeling this isn't supposed to be used yet.\" Atticus said. Jack smiled nervously and sheepishly in response to that. They soon got on the ship and they were flying off. The ride reminded Becky something of her early childhood which was what brought her to Earth in the first place.[Chapter 4] \"How fast are we going?\" Cherry asked. \"Can I try?\" Tucker asked. \" NO! \" Cherry begged as she looked sick. \"Don't worry, Cherry; we're only going 20 miles an hour.\" Atticus said. \"You wanna drive?\" Jack asked Tucker. \"Yeah, definitely!\" Tucker beamed. \"Let him.\" Becky said. \"All right, just sit down there,\" Jack allowed. \"And, you wanna get your hands in the green and blue slime.\" Tucker did just that and where it felt weird to him. \"It's a little gross in there.\" Jack warned. \"Nasty.\" Tucker wrinkled his nose, but went with it. The ship went out of control and then crashed onto the field they flew through. \"Can you make this go faster?\" Beck asked Jack. \"Yeah, let's make things rock.\" Summer added. \"Faster?\" Jack replied. \"Therein lies the problem, guys, of the FE-12. We never really figured this thing out. It only goes 20 miles an hour.\" \"Seriously?\" Atticus asked. \"Then maybe you guys put some pieces in the wrong places.\" That gave Summer an idea as she went to a corner, and where she touched the ship with her hands. \"Maybe there's less to figure out than there is to understand.\" She then told the others. \"Come again?\" Cherry asked. \"Hey, barbecue, to go.\" Tucker smirked as they hovered over some cows as he then picked one up. \"Put it back, Tucker.\" Jack told him. \"But I'm hungry!\" Tucker pouted. \"Tucker...\" Jack warned. \"All right.\" Tucker replied before putting the cow back. \"Let's go to Wendy's.\" Cherry said. \"We haven't had Wendy's in a long time, haven't we?\" Atticus agreed. They then flew over to the fast food place that was Wendy's which had old-fashioned hamburgers with rumored to be never frozen beef. People ran outside in shock as they saw the ship hovering above. \"This is going to be on the news.\" Becky sighed. Jack seemed to be a worse driver than Tucker. 'Hello, welcome to Wendy's, may I take your order, please?' A voice asked through the drive-thru window. Everyone seemed to talk at once of what they wanted from Wendy's, and where it was hard for their orders to be understood. \"One at a time,\" Atticus said. \"ONE AT A TIME!\" Everyone then suddenly stopped. \"All right...\" Atticus said. \"What do we all want?\" \"I can't see the menu anyway,\" Jack told him. \"The screen's all green and blurry.\" \"Oh, great.\" Becky groaned. Atticus stuck his tongue out and hit the screen to clear it up. \"There we go.\" \"Way to go, Atticus.\" Jack replied. Everyone then spoke at once again. Jack was able to understand a bit better now and asked about the Kids' Meal toys. \"And nine Frostys,\" Tucker said. \"Chocolate. Now, what's everyone else drinking?\" \"Seriously?\" Cherry asked. \"I told you, I'm hungry.\" Tucker pouted. \"How 'bout you eat another piece of popcorn, eh, Pudge?\" Cherry replied. \"Cherry!\" Atticus scolded. \"What?\" Cherry asked. \"That was rude!\" Atticus said. \"It's okay, Atticus...\" Tucker replied. \"Besides, I'm not fat, I'm big-boned.\" \"And thighed.\" Cherry muttered. \"Cherry!\" Atticus scolded. \"What?!\" Cherry asked. Tucker frowned as he felt bad about being slightly overweight. Cherry soon saw that she had went too far. \"Uh... I'm sorry...\" she then told him. \"You can't help it.\" \"No, I can't...\" Tucker frowned. They soon got their order. Now they just had to pull up to the front window. Once they got there, the saucer picked up their food while the attendant looked in shock. \"We come in peace.\" Cindy said. The attendant had a small nervous smile before they took the food, paid for it, and then left. \"Take me with you!\" He then begged as the saucer flew off. Cherry was about to eat her Junior Bacon Cheeseburger, but then checked it and took out the tomatoes. \"Yuck.\" She cringed. As Becky predicted, they would be on the news. Dr. Holloway saw this back in Area 51 along with the security guards. Soon enough, Jack came back with the others, and where they were greeted with non-happy faces. \"Just go back and act like nothing happened,\" Jack told the kids. \"We had a great day. Let's just leave it at that. All right, you guys? If I were you, Dylan, I'd disappear. Hey, Marsha.\" \"Mr. Shepard, how dare you?\" Dr. Holloway scolded. \"Do you even know what you've done?\" \"Yeah,\" Jack told her. \"I got you a hot chicken sandwich.\" \"No, thank you!\" Dr. Holloway glared. \"Are you a vegetarian?\" Jack asked. \"You're supposed to be training these kids for their first simulation,\" Dr. Holloway scolded. \"And instead, you're out gallivanting in a stolen spaceship.\" \"She's not wrong.\" Cherry said. \"Was I gallivanting?\" Jack asked. \"Yes, you are,\" Becky replied before a chime was heard as she was going to define that word. \"Gallivanting means go around from one place to another in the pursuit of pleasure or entertainment.\" \"Thank you, Becky.\" Dr. Holloway said. \"My pleasure.\" Becky smiled. \"Looks like the saucer's not the only thing stuck in the 50's.\" Jack said to Dr. Holloway. \" You're probably 50!\" Dr. Holloway retorted. \"Ooh, burn!\" Cherry smirked. Jack didn't say anything and then used the keys to lock up the saucer before walking away. Mr. Pibb beeped to her. \"I'm not a vegetarian!\" Dr. Holloway told the robot. Mr. Pibb continued to beep as he went off. \"It's a life choice, nothing wrong with it.\" Dr. Holloway pouted and put her hands on her hips. Later that night, it was about time for everyone to go to bed. Becky looked out into the night sky. \"You okay, Becky?\" Atticus asked as he came by with Cherry. \"Oh... Fine...\" Becky replied. \"Guys, you ever think about your life sometimes? Um... Like... If someone lost you a lifetime ago, but you wondered if they were even still alive or would even come looking for you?\" \"Thinking about your biological parents?\" Atticus guessed. Becky paused a moment, but she then looked back out the window to the moon with a small nod. \"What exactly happened to you on Lexicon?\" Cherry asked the girl. Becky sighed, but she decided to tell them anyway. \"Well, as you know, I was born on Planet Lexicon... In a galaxy far away from here...\" she then began to narrate. \"One day, I crawled into the spaceship of the famous Lexicon air-force pilot: Captain Huggyface, and I fell asleep... Captain Huggyface was just piloting through space when I woke and startled him. The ship hit a meteor and we flew off course, spinning through space. To save us though, the greatest pilot in the galaxy decided to crash land on a far away planet: Earth. Cradling me in his arms, Captain Huggyface left the spaceship, and he found a young couple in the woods, Tim and Sally Botsford, he saw that they were kind and thoughtful, especially when it came to making sandwiches, and he found their house and put me on their doorstop, and even if I was a baby, I found a crossword puzzle in the newspaper on their front porch and solved it.\" \"Whoa.\" Cherry said. \"How do you remember all of that?\" Atticus asked. \"I only remember some parts, but Captain Huggyface told me later on...\" Becky replied. \"Not too long after though, my brother TJ was born. I mean... If I even had parents on Lexicon, wouldn't they come looking for me or something? I've been on Earth for ten years.\" \"I'm sure they're searching.\" Atticus said. Becky just bowed her head. \"It'll be okay...\" Atticus soothed. \"We kinda know how you feel.\" \"That's right.\" Cherry said softly in agreement. \"You do?\" Becky asked. \"I was kidnapped sometime after I was born,\" Atticus said. \"I was found in an orphanage though with Cherry.\" \"What about you?\" Becky asked Cherry. \"I...\" Cherry was about to say until she paused and scratched her head. \"I don't know... I was in the orphanage too, but I don't know why I was sent there.\" \"That sounds like a mystery.\" Becky said. \"I also wonder how you talk to animals...\" Atticus said to Cherry. \"I mean, well, I'm a Wiccan and my mother's a mermaid.\" \"My dad said something about an old friend of his named Dr. Doolittle.\" Cherry shrugged. \"That must be the reason.\" Atticus said. \"Do you even know who that is?\" Cherry slightly deadpanned. Atticus only looked sheepish in response. Cherry made a quick mental note to talk to her parents about Dr. Doolittle as soon as possible. Becky sighed as she continued to stare out into the sky. Atticus decided to see Superman about what Becky had talked about. \"Hey, Superman, you ever wonder what your life was like on Krypton before your parents sent you to Earth?\" he then asked his superhero mentor. \"A little,\" Superman said. \"And I know where you were.\" \"Just wondering,\" Atticus replied. \"Becky's thinking about her biological parents.\" \"Well, there is a mural of them on the ceiling of Captain Huggyface and WordGirl's secret underground spaceship lair,\" Superman replied. \"I'm not sure if I know them though.\" \"Just wanted to know.\" Atticus said. \"I figured you'd ask about that sometime,\" Superman replied. \"I felt even more curious about myself when I met Kara for the first time and she told me she was my cousin.\" \"Yeah, even though she's younger than you.\" Atticus said. \"Yes, but still...\" Superman smirked.' Atticus smirked back before yawning. \"Good night.\" \"Good night, Atticus, see you in the morning.\" Superman replied, ruffling up the boy's dark brown hair. Atticus laughed a bit as it tickled. Superman smirked playfully. Atticus then yawned again and went to sleep. When everyone went to sleep, Cherry looked around and she then summoned Princess Luna's magic to visit everybody's dreams. \"Time to see what everyone is dreaming about.\" She said. A certain Alicorn Princess of the Night appeared. \"Hey, Luna.\" Cherry smiled. \"Hello, Cherry.\" Luna smiled back. Cherry gave a small bow. \"I thought that was you, I almost didn't recognize you in that yellow thing.\" Luna said. \"Huh?\" Cherry asked before looking down. \"Oh... Yeah...\" she then changed her look with her dream powers and was now in her usual clothes and felt more comfortable. \"Ah, much better.\" \"So, ready?\" Luna asked. \"I suppose so.\" Cherry smiled. They soon started to visit the dreams. Not surprisingly, Becky was dreaming about reuniting with her parents, but their faces were faded in the darkness and they seemed to be going off on an adventure without her as she began to cry and chase after them. \"Huh, that dream kinda reminds me of Arnold's dream.\" Cherry commented. \"This must be Becky's deepest desire.\" Luna said. \"She was talking about her parents earlier...\" Cherry admitted. \"That is understandable.\" Luna said. Cherry then decided to see Atticus's dream, though his of course related to the future, and due to the talk with Dr. Holloway he had earlier that day, he was dreaming about the villain known as Concussion. Though it seemed to be a vision. \"Dream or vision?\" Luna asked Cherry since she knew Atticus well. \"Vision, most likely.\" Cherry replied. Of course, she was right. Luna looked around before she saw a different door. \"Casper?\" Cherry wondered. \"Eh, why not?\" she then opened the door to the former friendly ghost boy's door. Casper smiled as he was with Kat until three unfriendly ghosts appeared to ruin it, of course, being Casper's rotten uncles who were tormenting him for betraying his ghost name, and mentioned another ghost boy around Casper's age who was named Spooky. \"Whoa.\" Cherry said. \"Oh, I nearly forgot about him,\" Luna observed. \"Spooky: The Tuff Little Ghost.\" \"Um?\" Cherry asked. \"He's Casper's cousin,\" Luna explained. \"Though, I can't remember from which side of the family... Hm... I better see what's going on in Haunted High. That's a school in the Ghost World by the way.\" \"That's good to know.\" Cherry said before she saw a new door. She looked over to the door and decided to go check it out. \"Your Monster High friends seem to miss you...\" Luna said before she noticed her student had wandered off. \"Cherry?\" She soon noticed the door Cherry walked into and saw the name on the door that said Wallflower Blush. \"Cherry?!\" \"Hmm... Wonder what this will be like?\" Cherry wondered before going into the door. A bright light flashed and Cherry was soon shown a girl with shoulder-length frizzy hair, hazel eyes, and freckles. \"I guess that must be Wallflower Blush...\" Cherry guessed. She soon saw what Wallflower was dreaming about. \"Cherry, you shouldn't run off like that.\" Luna told the perky goth. \"Sorry, Princess Luna,\" Cherry replied. \"Uh, do you know who Wallflower Blush is?\" \"Seriously? She goes to your school.\" Luna told her. \"She does?\" Cherry asked. \"She's on The Yearbook Committee...?\" Luna helped remind Cherry. \"She must be new.\" Cherry shrugged. Luna simply went face-palm before using her magic to show how long Wallflower Blush had been at CHS. \"Has it really been that long?\" Cherry asked. \"How did you forget?\" Luna asked back. \"Especially you, you remember everything!...Except for maybe algebraic equations.\" \"I-I don't know...\" Cherry replied. \"Then again, I've barely seen her... I don't think I've even met her.\" \"Looks like when you go back to school, you have homework to do.\" Luna said. \"Not algebra!\" Cherry begged. \"No, not that kind of homework, I mean on Wallflower Blush.\" Luna chuckled to her overreaction. \"Ohh,\" Cherry smiled. \"So, then can you tell me why her dream shows Sunset Shimmer being forgotten of her good things she's done?\" \"That is a very long story, Cherry...\" Luna sighed. \"I suppose I could tell you before you, Atticus, Mo, and Patch go back to school when this mission is over.\" Cherry nodded as she looked ready to listen. Before Luna said anything, they both saw Wallflower Blush bring out an oval-shaped like rock with a pattern on the front as she used it on some that still had good memories of Sunset. \"I'm so confused... How could I had forgotten her?\" Cherry wondered. \"I guess I'll find out when I go back to school.\" \"Also, Mr. Snipe is holding a pop quiz on spells next week.\" Luna whispered. \"Wow! Thanks!\" Cherry said in relief. \"Though, my pop quiz concerns Wallflower Blush and why she is making memories with Sunset Shimmer!\" \"Because she's been treated like she's invisible.\" Luna said. \"I know how that feels...\" Cherry replied. \"That's my worst nightmare...\" There was a quick memory of a nightmare Cherry had of in school with attendance, but no one could seem to see or hear her because she was so quiet. Cherry shuddered about her anxiety and fear. \"So it should seem that she has a stone that erases other peoples memories.\" Luna said. \"A stone... Right...\" Cherry noted. \"This sounds serious... I better tell Atticus when he wakes up.\" \"Agreed.\" Luna nodded. \"Let's hope I don't forget that either.\" Cherry muttered to herself. Soon enough, morning came. Cherry yawned as she woke up and soon saw a sticky note on her forehead and she took it off and had WB on it. \"WB... WALLFLOWER BLUSH!\" she muttered before she instantly remembered and ran off. \"I gotta tell Atticus!\" She soon ran off to find Atticus.[Chapter 5] Atticus was wrapped up in bed. \"Wake up!\" Cherry told him. \"Wake up! Wake up!\" \"Of course, Princess Celestia... I'd love to perform for peanut butter crackers...\" Atticus muffled. \"Atticus, wake up!\" Cherry glared. Atticus soon yelped as he woke up. Cherry winced before she was fallen on the bottom of him as he got up. \"Oh, hey, Cherry, when did you get here?\" Atticus asked. Cherry growled before she was allowed to roll him off. \"I have to talk to you about something.\" She then told him. \"What is it?\" Atticus asked. \"It's about Wallflower Blush,\" Cherry told him. \"It concerns the future of our school.\" Atticus yawned. \"Cherry, we're off from school, relax a little, okay?\" \"Didn't you hear what I said?!\" Cherry said. \"We have to stop Wallflower Blush from corrupting our memories! Wallflower Blush!\" \"Okay, first, who is Wallflower Blush and how will she corrupt our memories?\" Atticus asked. \"Princess Luna told me, she goes to our school.\" Cherry informed. \"She does?\" Atticus asked. \"How come we haven't seen her before then?\" \"I guess we haven't paid much attention...\" Cherry replied. \"Yeah, I guess.\" Atticus said. Eventually, everyone met together, and it was time for more training, and where it was going to be painful. \"Welcome to our fully operational faulty platformer, J-1000 Mission Simulator,\" Dr. Grant told the kids through a microphone. \"It is impenitent that you learn to avoid enemy fire.\" \"Um, that's good to know.\" Becky said. \"So, what are the holes for?\" Tucker asked. \"It's funny you should ask that,\" Dr. Grant replied. \"That's the first question people ask. Our technician is Dick. Uh, Dick?\" Cherry snickered immaturely at the man's name. Atticus could understand why she found it funny. \"Uh, the holes are for firing the paint balls.\" Dick told Dr. Grant. \"All right, I'm out of here.\" Dylan said before turning invisible. \"And he's gone.\" Atticus said, unimpressed. \"Uh, we'll have to proceed without Mr. West.\" Dr. Grant told the others. \"Understandable.\" Cherry said. The scientists discussed with Jack while the kids waited for something to happen to them. \"Sometime today?\" Cherry groaned. \"Extra pulp for The Duchess of Darkness down there.\" Jack told Dr. Grant and Dr. Holloway. \"Are you sure?\" Dr. Holloway asked. \"Yes.\" Jack replied. Soon enough, the paint balls fired everywhere for everyone to dodge them, but it wasn't easy. More paint got more fast the more they were in the training area, and where it was painful for them. Cherry couldn't even walk, so Atticus carried her on his back. \"That was really bad!\" Tucker complained. \"I thought it was fun!\" Cindy smiled. \"No, it wasn't.\" Cherry groaned. \"Hey, guys,\" Jack smiled as he came in with boxes of junk food. \"I shook down our robot buddy, Mr. Pibb, and I got you some snacks.\" \"Thanks.\" Becky groaned. \"I got mine already, thanks.\" Tucker said as he brought out a piece of chocolate fudge. \"You guys look like modern art,\" Jack chuckled. \"Come on, guys, how'd you think the training went?\" \"Oh, please, like you care.\" Summer scoffed. \"Hey. Chill out a little bit,\" Jack replied. \"I'm not the one that dropped you off here at the military base, you know.\" \"No, but you are supposed to teach us.\" Cherry said. Jack gave a long look. \"Thanks for all the training, Captain,\" Summer deadpanned in agreement with Cherry. \"You don't care about us.\" 'She's right he doesn't.' Becky thought to herself \"They're right,\" Tucker said to Jack. \"I got hit by so many paint balls, I've got more bruises than skin!\" \"I can't even walk properly!\" Cherry added. \"I think that last paint ball twisted my ankle.\" \"I didn't even know those would hurt.\" Becky said. \"Mr. Shepard?\" Cindy called. \"What?\" Jack asked her. \"You care about us, right?\" Cindy asked him. Jack seemed to pause before answering. \"I brought cake.\" Atticus looked unimpressed with Jack's answer. \"Don't be fooled, Cindy,\" Summer told the little girl. \"He only cares about himself. Come here, let's go get you cleaned up.\" \"Hey, wait a minute...\" Jack told the kids, trying to stop them, but they walked away from him anyway. \"Cake!\" He then decided to go talk with Dylan. \"Does this hurt?\" Atticus asked Cherry as he touched her ankle with his gentlest touch possible without his strength. \"Ow, ow, ow!\" Cherry yelped in pain. \"Whoa.\" Atticus said. Cherry winced with tears in her eyes. \"Is there an ankle spell or something?\" she then asked. \"It stings!\" \"I think there's a healing spell.\" Atticus said. \"Please!\" Cherry pleaded. \"Hang on, I'll be right back.\" Atticus told her before running off to get his spell book he brought just in case of emergency. \"Oh, Drell, you better appreciate what I do for you!\" Cherry said through her teeth from pain. Atticus soon came back with the spell book. Cherry shivered as she felt her ankle throbbing. \"Ugh, that looks bad...\" Atticus winced for Cherry and looked to find a healing spell. After flipping through some pages, he found the spell. Cherry grunted. Atticus soon used the healing spell before closing the book. \"Okay, Cherry, try walking now.\" he then said. Cherry shakily stood up, but she was now able to walk around without a limp. \"You're welcome.\" Atticus smiled to her. \"Let's hope it gets better.\" Cherry said. \"You're not gonna run away again, are you?\" Atticus asked her with a small smile. Cherry looked back at him before remembering when she tried to escape the first time. \"Uh, no, I'm here as long as you are.\" She then told him. \"That's good.\" Atticus smiled. \"Are you two dating?\" Cindy asked Cherry and Atticus. Cherry and Atticus just looked disgusted at the idea of dating each other like it was wrong. So, so very wrong. \"No, no, no, no,\" Atticus said. \"We're just friends.\" \"Disgusting!\" Cherry groaned. \"I'd rather clean toilets with my bare hands.\" Cindy shrugged and walked away from the two. \"Why did she think we were dating?\" Cherry asked. \"I dunno, I guess because we're alone together.\" Atticus shrugged. \"I'd rather kiss a frog than date you.\" Cherry grunted as she crossed her arms. \"Okay.\" Atticus said. \"I'd rather lick the gym floor.\" Cherry replied. \"All right!\" Atticus said. \"I would rather polish Drell's shoes.\" Cherry continued. \"STOP!\" Atticus begged. \"I'd rather-\" Cherry replied. \"Ah!\" Atticus warned, though the crystal spikes didn't come. Cherry then soon stopped soon enough. Superman came to Cherry and Atticus. \"Training was brutal,\" Atticus told Superman. \"I'm starting to think your stuff is Powerpuff compared to this.\" \"I was going easy; that's why I sent you here.\" Superman told him. \"You planned THIS?! \" Cherry glared. \"Is this some kind of prank you play at the Justice League?!\" \"No, I knew this would be harder than my training.\" Superman told her. \"Does Batman know about this?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes, and he suggested this would be good for you too,\" Superman told her. \"The Joker and the other villains in Gotham are getting more and more dangerous.\" \"Well, you made the right decision then.\" Cherry said. \"Glad to hear you admit that, Cherry.\" Superman approved. \"Even though Captain Zoom is being a Captain Grouchy Butt.\" Cherry muttered. \"Don't worry; I have a feeling tomorrow he'll be better at teaching you all.\" Superman said. \"So, was he really faster than you?\" Atticus asked his superhero mentor. \"On a good day, of course,\" Superman smiled. \"I remember when he and Flash often tried to race each other, but Zoom was faster than him too. It was always a competition of speed with those two.\" \"Did he even challenge you to a race?\" Atticus asked. \"Oh, yes,\" Superman smiled. \"Those felt like glory days.\" \"By the way, who's Quicksilver?\" Cherry asked. \"I haven't heard of that one.\" \"Yeah, who is Quicksilver?\" Atticus added. \"Why do you always copy me?\" Cherry complained. \"Sorry, sorry.\" Atticus said. \"I figured you of all people would know, Atticus,\" Superman chuckled. \"Quicksilver is one of The X-Men.\" \"Oh, right, but isn't he a part of that one evil group?\" Atticus asked. \"Yeah, isn't he?\" Cherry added. \"Oh, right.\" Superman said. Cherry glanced to Atticus with a small smirk, trying to annoy him. \"Well, we better get some sleep.\" Atticus said. \"You've both had a long day, go ahead.\" Superman told them. Cherry and Atticus nodded and decided to get some sleep. Once in bed, they went to sleep. When Cherry went to sleep, she seemed to be dreaming of Wallflower Blush again. She could've sworn that when she, Atticus, and Mo first went into Canterlot High that she could see the girl hiding in the background as Principal Celestia welcomed them into school. The new girl didn't seem to interract at all despite being a student in Canterlot High longer than Cherry, Atticus, and Mo. \"Whoa...\" Cherry frowned as she looked all around Canterlot High school in her dream, seeing Wallflower there, but seeming like a meaningless background character. She knew that once this mission was over, she had to have a look around Canterlot High School. Wallflower even seemed to be there at the Fall Formal, but no one even seemed to see her there. \"So glad you're actually staying.\" Drell smirked as he leaned over the lockers, lying back casually like a cat. \"Get down from there before you break something.\" Cherry muttered quietly so he wouldn't hear her snappy comeback. \"So, you can already tell what your next mission will be.\" Drell said. \"Wait, you know who Wallflower Blush is too?\" Cherry asked. \"How come I've never heard of her until now?!\" \"Because she's usually quiet.\" Drell said. \"Hm... Is she a mouse?\" Cherry smirked. \"You know, you're one to talk,\" Drell suddenly appeared in front of her which made her confused since she looked at him, then back at the lockers and looked lost. \"You weren't exactly the most vocal girl in your childhood.\" \"How did you-\" Cherry was about to ask. \"No one could hear you except for maybe Atticus!\" Drell continued. \"If anyone's a mouse, it's you. You always had your nose stuck in a book, you were in the dark corners a lot... I'm surprised people didn't walk over you.\" \"Oh, ha, ha.\" Cherry fake laughed. \"So, you're dreaming of Canterlot High?\" Drell asked. \"Boring!\" \"Well, sorry if I have dreams when something's on my mind...\" Cherry crossed her arms. \"If I could control my dreams right now, I'd have a shark walk on land and eat you!\" \"Ah, too bad you're not the King of Dreams.\" Drell smirked innocently. \"Don't you mean Queen of Dreams?\" Cherry asked. \"Whatever,\" Drell replied. \"You'll get the hang of it someday. It's nice that Princess Luna has her own student these days though since Celestia was usually the mentoring one.\" Cherry soon left Wallfower Blush's dream room and continued to explore her own dream. \"Do you have a hall pass?\" Drell asked. \"Leave me alone!\" Cherry glared at him. \"Aw, why?\" Drell smirked. \"Ugh!\" Cherry groaned before kicking one of the doors in the Dream Realm. \"Okay, I'll leave you alone.\" Drell shrugged. \"Please do...\" Cherry begged. \"I'm not even sure if I'm cut out to be a superhero anyway.\" \"Well, this is a way to enhance your skills.\" Drell educated. Cherry merely shrugged. \"It might help in the future when Robin becomes NightWing...\" Drell replied. \"Robin is with the Teen Titans now...\" Cherry said before thinking about it. \"Oh, I guess they will grow up though... I've always thought maybe Starfire would go back to her home planet to become Queen.\" \"Nope.\" Drell said. Cherry glanced at him with slight annoyance. \"What?\" Drell asked. \"Will you just shut up?\" Cherry groaned at him. \"Why?\" Drell asked. \"Don't you have a council to run?\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"You are no fun.\" Drell rolled his eyes back at her. Cherry rolled her eyes as he soon disappeared and she continued to walk along. The rest of the night was peaceful, but Cherry soon woke up as she felt like something else should happen other than sleeping. The other kids were shown sneaking around, and where it seemed like it was going to be a lot of fun. \"Yeah, I'm pretty sure the ice cream's this way.\" Tucker told the others. \"Lead the way.\" Atticus said. \"I could go for some cookie dough.\" Cherry commented as she rubbed her stomach. Cindy came up to a door. \"'OUTDOOR SURVIVAL SIMULATOR'?\" she then read aloud curiously. \"Ooh.\" Becky smiled. Summer looked at the door and then smirked as she opened it automatically, using her powers. \"Sweet!\" Tucker smiled. \"This room is so cool!\" \"Hey, there's Dr. Grant.\" Cherry pointed into the windows. \"What's he doing in there?\" Becky asked. \"Look!\" Summer gasped once she saw an open door. \"Close the door.\" Tucker smirked. Summer shut her eyes and then used her powers to make the door shut on its own. Dr. Grant soon noticed the group. He got nervous as Summer closed the door on him, and locked him inside before asking them why they weren't in bed. \"Ooh, these buttons seem interesting.\" Atticus smirked as he saw the buttons with different symbols. \"Atticus, could you back off the control panel a little bit?\" Dr. Grant asked. \"There are buttons on there that I really don't want you to push. Because-\" Atticus pushed the thunderstorm button anyway. Suddenly, there was an actual thunderstorm in the room. Dr. Grant shivered as he was suddenly rained on. The others laughed a little to this. \"Why don't you listen to me?!\" Dr. Grant whined as he took off glasses to dry them off. \"Summer, I want you to open that door, I want the rain to stop right away, please!\" \"Ooh.\" Cherry smirked as she looked at a button next to the thunderstorm. \"You want a turn?\" Atticus asked her. \"Uh-huh!\" Cherry nodded as she then pushed the button which was the lightning button. \"You children are making me very angry!\" Dr. Grant glared. A streak of lightning soon struck him. Cherry snickered as she seemed to enjoy that a little too much. Dr. Grant growled and he soon seemed to speak Japanese and broken English like a stereotype. Summer winced before pushing the snow button. This made huge piles of snow land on Dr. Grant. \"Ah, I love walking in a Winter Wonderland~\" Cherry smirked. Dr. Grant soon suddenly danced an Irish jig to the snowfall. \"This is too much fun.\" Becky smirked. Tucker then pushed a tornado button. \"It's a twister! A twister!\" Cherry called out, quoting The Wizard of Oz with a laugh. Becky soon saw a familiar animal symbol. \"Huh, that's odd.\" she then said to herself. \"You okay, Becky?\" Atticus asked. \"A skunk?\" Atticus repeated before laughing. Summer made rocks fall on Dr. Grant while the others laughed. \"Do it, Becky.\" she then told the girl about the skunk button. Becky nodded with a smirk. Cindy removed the glass for Becky. Becky gave a long look to Dr. Grant and he looked back. It was like The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly. Soon enough, Becky slammed the button with her hand. Soon enough, a fake skunk came out in front of Dr. Grant. This made everyone laugh even more. \"Oh, nasty!\" Tucker laughed. Dr. Grant coughed and sputtered before falling into the snow. This was hilarious to all of them. \"Have fun?\" Atticus asked Cherry. \"Yeah... Actually, I did...\" Cherry admitted. \"I had a feeling, just needed to be sure.\" Atticus smiled. They soon went back to their rooms, but Tucker soon found the ice cream. \"Are you sure we should eat ice cream before bed?\" Cherry asked. \"That can give you nightmares.\" \"Naaaah!\" The others told her. \"Alright.\" Cherry shrugged. After the ice cream, everybody went back to sleep. Cherry lay awake in her bed, staring at the ceiling. \"Can't sleep?\" Drell asked. \"YOU!\" Cherry glared and threw her pillow at him. \"Why do you keep bugging me?!\" \"Just keeping an eye on you.\" Drell said. Cherry groaned and pulled her pillow over her face to get some sleep. \"Zeus and Celestia, don't let Concussion harm her fragile soul.\" Drell actually prayed for Cherry's safety once she fell asleep and went back home.[Chapter 6] The next day soon came. Jack seemed a bit emotional as he looked to the former Zenith Team he had formed over 30 years ago. One picture he was the most fixed on was the one named Conner, who was his brother before he had become Concussion. He may not had shown it, but he had come to love the kids overtime. Almost, like a family. \"Summer, what's with the necklace?\" Dylan asked the girl. \"Oh, it was the last thing my parents gave me before they left.\" Summer replied. 'They must have wanted her to have something to remember them by.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Your parents left you?\" Atticus frowned to Summer. \"I guess they couldn't handle my powers.\" Summer looked down. 'Where is Mr. Shepard?' Becky thought to herself. \"I'm sorry, Ms. Holloway, we couldn't find him anywhere.\" A security guard told the doctor in the classroom. \"Okay,\" Dr. Holloway nodded and looked to the kids. \"All right, we'll just have to proceed without Mr. Shepard today. Now, if everyone will open up their books-\" Before anything else was said, Jack came in with some people. \"Hey, sorry I'm late, but I had to get my gang together.\" he told his new students. Everyone looked behind them to see who Jack had brought in with him, and where there were men in lab coats. \"Make the measurements, guys, don't be afraid to tickle 'em.\" Jack told the men. He soon joined Superman and Dr. Holloway who looked happy to see him. \"Hey, you're here.\" Superman chuckled to Jack. Jack soon noticed Dr. Holloway smiling at him. \"Seems like you're glad to see me.\" he then smirked. Dr. Holloway giggled and blushed sheepishly, almost like she had a crush on him. \"I'm not glad to see you,\" she then finally said. \"I-I mean, th-the children are glad to see you, and they're glad to see you, then I'm glad to see you, I dunno. Okay, I'm good, go ahead.\" 'She has a crush on him.' Superman thought to himself. \"Okay, well, anyway, kids, this is what we're gonna do,\" Jack stated. \"We're gonna continue your physical training along with your teamwork exercises, but to compliment your internal strengths-\" Cindy raised her hand. \"Yeah?\" Jack called on her. \"When do we get names?\" Cindy smiled. \"We'll get to that, but most importantly, the fundamentals,\" Jack replied as they were all being measured. \"There's two fundamentals, and that's control and execution. Think about it; control and execution. Come on, guys, follow me!\" Everyone soon followed him. Dr. Holloway smiled proudly. Jack looked back to her with a small nod. Everyone was soon in white GIs and wearing black belts, except for Cindy who wanted a pink belt, and they did some karate moves, and where they even did karate chops. Transmitters were sent to Dylan's head as he held an apple and soon made it disappear in his hand before reappearing. Dr. Grant and the other scientists were able to create a super fabric for Tucker as it stretched very far. Everyone chopped the wood in half. Cherry took her turn and soon let out a squeak and held her hand and cried out of pain. \"That had to hurt.\" Atticus winced. It was now time for everyone to test out their powers in their own way, and where each one did great. The paint ball challenge was a lot better as they were able to dodge better, and even Cherry improved. Dylan soon held down Summer and the two got lost in each other's eyes. At lunch break, everyone was beginning to have fun with each other. They even had their own food fight. Jack walked by with his own food and smiled to that. Superman was proud and impressed with Jack's new behavior. This turned out to be a great day for everyone. Cherry was even sleeping peacefully and Kimba seemed to be sleeping on her bed, curled up like a kitten, and where this was a good thing. Drell came over to see Cherry. Kimba soon woke up and snarled at him, even swatting his paw at him. Drell's eyes widened and he backed up before leaving without a word. Kimba soon nodded firmly. Cherry may had been asleep, but she pet Kimba for that which made him purr, even if tigers didn't purr. Cherry was in the Dream Realm, and when she got there, she passed by Becky's door and decided to check it out. When she got in there, she saw a woman who was crying her eyes out and a man was comforting her. Cherry's eyes widened as they looked a lot like Becky, biologically since Tim and Sally had adopted her. \"Um, hello?\" The perky goth called out. The couple looked up at her. \"Uh... Hi...\" Cherry smiled shyly as the background turned bright blue from sadness. \"Erm, is there a problem?\" \"Oh, we lost our daughter ten years ago.\" The woman pouted. \"By any chance, was she with a primate?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes...\" The man nodded. \"Captain Huggyface... We let her play outside while we were harvesting for a wonderful tradition that happens every year on our planet Lexicon. We were collecting food, and I guess she just wandered away too far.\" \"I know where she is.\" Cherry said. The Lexiconite couple looked to each other and back. \"You do?\" \"Yes, she's been on Earth for the past ten years,\" Cherry informed. \"She lives in a town called Fair City and has been adopted by a couple named Timothy and Sally Botsford and their younger son, Timothy Botsford Junior AKA TJ.\" \"Oh, thank you for telling us.\" Becky's birth mother smiled. \"By the way, what are your names?\" Cherry asked, just curious. \"My name is Garrus.\" Becky's birth father replied. \"And I'm Tali.\" Becky's birth mother added. \"Well, I know that Becky is going to be happy to see you both; by the way, is this Becky's dream or am I actually talking to you?\" Cherry asked them. \"It seems to be both,\" Tali replied. \"We've been trying to contact her, you see, our species has a special telepathic connection with each other. We can't read each other's minds, but we can sense other's presences. When our daughter would reach a certain age, she would be able to see us on the other side, and we could see her, it's different for everyone, but it's usually an ability that unlocks during teenage years with what you Earthlings call 'The Puberty'.\" \"Well, she's not at the right age for that yet then.\" Cherry said. \"Almost though, she is ten after all.\" Tali said. \"Yeah, she is...\" Cherry replied. \"That was a strange age for me.\" \"We will arrive on Earth in a few days.\" Tali said. \"What?!\" Cherry's eyes widened. \"We must reunite with our daughter.\" Garrus vowed. \"I understand.\" Cherry said. \"Thank you for listening, child, you are really wonderful.\" Tali smiled. Cherry's eyes widened. \"Well, thank you, ma'am...\" She then turned away with a shy and innocent giggle before leaving the scene. \"Take care!\" The Lexiconite parents waved goodbye to her as she soon left the door, coming back into the Dream Realm. \"That was nice.\" Cherry said. \"Find anything interesting?\" Princess Luna asked her. \"Yeah... I guess I found WordGirl's real parents.\" Cherry replied. \"That's wonderful news.\" Luna said. \"Didn't expect to see that, but I feel a bit accomplished.\" Cherry smirked, proud of herself. \"You did indeed.\" Luna said. Cherry nodded before she heard coughing. She turned her head and saw it came from Mo's little brother's door, so she opened it to see what was going on. Junior was shown holding a book called Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure as James and Elizabeth came to Sarah who seemed to be lying in bed and looked deathly sick. Like beyond sick. \"Um, Luna, is this a dream or actually happening?\" Cherry asked. \"There's a reason why Mo isn't here...\" Princess Luna replied softly. \"Aunt Sarah has become terminally ill, and this will involve another adventure with Franklin the Turtle, along with two more after that.\" \"Oh, my...\" Cherry frowned. \"Yes... It's quite sad... Even if it is Aunt Sarah...\" Princess Luna replied. \"Never married or had her own children, just her cats for company.\" \"Her evil cats.\" Cherry rolled her eyes in disgust for Si and Am, like when they got Lady in trouble while Sarah went to take care of Junior as a baby. \"Indeed.\" Luna said. \"This is a little sad...\" Cherry had to admit. \"I guess that's why there's a blue aura in that room.\" \"Very good, you've memorized color coordination, not everyone can dream in color like you do.\" Luna replied. \"So much to learn, so little time...\" Cherry sighed before she woke up. Suddenly, it was now the next morning. Cherry yawned and stretched before smacking her lips. She didn't have her water bottle, so she made one from her desires, and gave herself a chilly drink of water to start the day. After that, she was ready to start the day. \"Training sure has been nice lately.\" Becky smiled to the others. \"It sure has.\" Atticus said. \"I guess Mr. Shepard's changed...\" Cherry shrugged as she joined them. \"Maybe he got his love for superheroing again.\" \"Yeah, maybe.\" Cindy smiled. Cherry looked for something to eat only to find healthy foods instead. \"Hey, spinach!\" Atticus smiled. \" You can have it.\" Cherry groaned while looking as green as the vegetable. \"Oh, come on, you could use some greens.\" Atticus said. \"Yes, but not spinach...\" Cherry grunted. \"Gag! I thought it was sick when you kept putting your broccoli on my chicken and bacon pizza on Pizza Movie Night!\" \"I thought you could handle it.\" Atticus said. \"Handle what?\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"A disgusting vegetable?\" \"Not all vegetables are disgusting.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, well, spinach is!\" Cherry replied before tossing out the fruits and vegetables. \"Bananas... Milk... Carrots... Brussel Sprouts... Where are my chicken nuggets?!\" \"I don't think there's any chicken nuggets.\" Becky said. \"Well, w-what am I gonna eat?!\" Cherry sulked. \"I'm actually hungry right now!\" Suddenly, Cherry was forced to sit down and Atticus gave her a bowl of spinach. \"I told you, I don't like spinach!\" Cherry glared. \"Just try it.\" Atticus said. \"I have tried it and it makes me wanna puke!\" Cherry replied before shoving the bowl away. \"You can't make me eat it!\" Her stomach said otherwise. \"Just try it.\" Atticus said. \"I did, and I hate it!\" Cherry told him, even though her stomach continued to growl. \"YOU eat it!\" \"Cherry, you're hungry.\" Atticus replied. \"Yeah, but not for spinach.\" Cherry deadpanned. \"You have to eat something.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, anything but that...\" Cherry rolled her eyes before leaving the table and then found strawberries. \"Mm... My favorite...\" she then put sugar over the fruit and ate them in joy. \"Well, she's eating and that's good.\" Atticus said. \"Does she not eat much?\" Becky asked. \"Only food that may or may not be veggies.\" Atticus said. \"Hey, I eat my vegetables!\" Cherry glared. \"I eat corn all the time!\" \" Pop corn doesn't count.\" Atticus told her. \"Still corn.\" Cherry shrugged. \"Oi.\" Atticus rolled his eyes.[Chapter 7] Later that night, everybody decided it would be a good idea to throw a party, and where they deserved it. \"Okay, I stuck it out this long, do I get some kind of reward?\" Cherry asked Drell as he came by to check on things. \"Self-sacrifice is its own reward.\" Drell advised as he seemed to take out a fortune cookie. \"Well, that sucks!\" Cherry replied. \"Be happy that you didn't get hurt the rest of the way.\" Drell said. \"I guess,\" Cherry shrugged. \"By the way, why couldn't Patch come with?\" she then asked about her best friend's dog. \"I thought maybe he was busy with something else, plus, with the way that Zoom was earlier, I didn't think it would be a good idea.\" Drell told her, though he seemed to be making stuff up as he went along. \"That might have been a smart idea with how easily Patch gets with stuff like this.\" Cherry said. \"He'll be over next time, same with Becky's pet monkey...\" Drell replied. \"Who keeps a pet monkey anyway?\" \"Michael Jackson.\" Cherry deadpanned with a fan girl smirk. \"Never mind.\" Drell glared. \"Well, it's true,\" Cherry smirked. \"Nobody knows him better than I do.\" Drell just rolled his eyes to that. \"Do you have somewhere to be?\" Cherry asked. \"Not 'til 6:00, I thought I'd 'hang out' as you young people say.\" Drell replied, using air quotes. \"Awkward slang is awkward.\" Cherry muttered. \"Hey, you should've seen Shrek when he tried to convince Arthur to come to Far, Far Away to become Harold's new heir, that was so awkward it hurt.\" Drell defended. \"Yikes.\" Cherry cringed. \"I'm hungry...\" Drell held his stomach. \"They got any meat around here?\" \"I think I saw chicken wings over there, but, they're probably bones right now.\" Cherry said, looking around nervously. \"I'll take what I can get.\" Drell said. Cherry watched him go and let out a soft breath of relief that he was out of her sight. Summer soon came out later than anyone else as she wore a spaghetti strapped black dress and looked around. She soon sighed once she saw no one was around. Jack and Dr. Holloway decided to go see her. They both thought that she looked beautiful. \"How come I can't look pretty?\" Cherry sulked. \"A little make-up wouldn't kill ya.\" Drell replied. \"Why don't you eat another piece of chicken?\" Cherry retorted, a bit nastily. \"That'll win your friends back.\" Drell just rolled his eyes again with her deadpan wit. Cherry huffed as she ate more. \"Somebody's hungry...\" Drell said to her. \"I'll be fine, I'm gonna order pizza when we go home so Atticus can slobber all over Mo and forget about me.\" Cherry muttered. \"No, he won't.\" Drell said. \"Sure he will, he always does it...\" Cherry replied as she kept eating. \"It's worse than Harvey and Sabrina. I'm happy for him, but he seems to be gone all the time.\" \"Uh, Cherry?\" Drell spoke up as he saw Atticus behind her. \"What?\" Cherry glared. Drell gestured behind her. Cherry soon turned the other way only to see Atticus. \"I'm sorry for not spending much time with you, Cherry.\" Atticus frowned. Cherry narrowed her eyes and kept eating. \"I mean it.\" Atticus said. Cherry just kept eating. \"Would you like to dance?\" Atticus offered since it was just them like during the ball with Cinderella. \"Sure she would!\" Drell said before pushing Cherry into Atticus. \"Fine.\" Cherry said. Atticus smiled as he decided to dance with Cherry. \"Why am I here again?\" Cherry muttered. Everyone at the party enjoyed the dancing. \"Looking for someone, Jean?\" Drell asked. \"Summer.\" Summer corrected. \"Whatever.\" Drell shrugged. \"Uh, have you seen a boy named Dylan?\" Summer asked the warlock shyly. \"Oh, you mean the boy that is walking right up to you?\" Drell smirked. \"Huh?\" Summer asked before turning her head. She soon saw Dylan who was indeed coming to her. \"Hey...\" she smiled to the invisible boy. \"Do you like it?\" \"Yeah, you look beautiful,\" Dylan smiled back. \"Um, I thought your necklace looked a little bare, uh, so I made this for you in R&D...;\" he then brought out a special trinket to hook onto her necklace, and put it on there for her. \"For everything I see in you, and everything I don't, I think your powers are wonderful.\" 'I knew they were meant to be.' Drell thought to himself. \"I'm not that wonderful,\" Summer smiled shyly. \"I mean, I just hope you're not disappointed with what you do or don't see from here.\" \"As long as I get to keep looking, I guarantee you I'll never be disappointed.\" Dylan smiled confidently to her. Summer smiled back, looking bashful like she had a crush on him. Drell smirked as he seemed to have dolls of Dylan and Summer, trying to make them kiss like a child playing with their toys. He soon saw that he didn't need to do that with the look in their eyes. Jack and Dr. Holloway even danced together, and where it seemed like it would last forever. \"You wish that boy in your school were here?\" Cherry asked Becky. \"Scoops? Oh, um, not really...\" Becky sighed. \"I'm over my crush on him actually.\" \"Really?\" Atticus asked. \"He likes Violet.\" Becky replied. \"Oh...\" Atticus said. \"I was always hoping Scoops and I could end up living happily ever after like in Pretty Princess Power Hour, but... Maybe he's not for me...\" Becky sighed. \"That kid does seem more concerned with the school newspaper than with you...\" Cherry replied. Becky glared. \"Sorry, not helping.\" Cherry said sheepishly. \"Trust me, Becky; you'll find your true love.\" Atticus assured her. \"You really think so, Atticus?\" Becky asked. \"I know so.\" Atticus smiled. Becky smiled back to him before giving him a hug. \"Aw, that's sweet.\" Atticus smiled as he patted her on the back gently. \" WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON HERE?! \" A sharp male voice snapped. \"Aw, come on, man!\" Cherry complained. \"This room is off-limits!\" The man glared. The lights came on and the music then stopped. \"Hey, come on, Your Highness, calm down,\" Jack told him. \"You're gonna have a stroke, have a drink. Look, the kids are just having fun.\" \"The kids want to have a little fun? I like to have fun,\" The general replied. \"Kids, let's take a 10-mile run.\" \"Oy, vey.\" Cherry groaned. \"Guards. Holloway,\" The general demanded. \"Make sure it happens now. Move out.\" The kids soon ran out against their wills to run for ten miles. Superman soon came in and had a feeling he knew why the general was doing that. \"Hey, Superman.\" Atticus smiled. \"You gonna run with us?\" Cherry groaned bitterly. \"Because this is painful.\" \"General Larraby told you to do this?\" Superman asked them. \"Yeah, he just cut our party.\" Atticus nodded. \"Just as I thought...\" Superman sighed. \"What's going on?\" Atticus asked. \"It's about the Zenith team...\" Superman told him. Jack soon walked off with the others. Superman looked around and took them to a private place to talk. \"Something about that general guy makes me think of Zed.\" Cherry commented about General Larraby. Atticus soon checked to see if they were alone. Cherry looked with them before looking back at them. \"Okay, here's the deal,\" Superman said to Cherry and Atticus. \"Cherry, do you know anything about the original Zenith team?\" \"Uh, a little bit since my dad collects the comics...\" Cherry shrugged. \"Then you must know about what happened to Jack's brother.\" Superman said. \"Uh... Somewhat...\" Cherry replied. \"Is he the one who betrayed Jack?\" \"Yep.\" Superman said. \"So, he's back?\" Cherry asked. \"With a vengeance... After 30 years...\" Superman confirmed. \"Whoa.\" Cherry said. \"You'd be amazed how long one can hold grudges,\" Superman replied. \"I can never forgive Lex Luthor for what he does to Metropolis on a regular basis.\" \"Why don't you just shoot him?\" Cherry asked. \"I ask Batman that about The Joker all the time.\" \"Because a hero isn't judge, jury, and executioner.\" Superman said. \"And he doesn't kill people no matter how evil.\" Atticus added. \"Yeah, I know...\" Cherry admitted. \"Even the Joker tells Harley he wouldn't shoot Batman.\" \"So, when is Concussion coming?\" Atticus asked his superhero mentor. \"Trust me, when he comes, you will know...\" Superman warned. \"He is on his way as we speak from the dimension he was sent into 30 years ago.\" \"Thanks for the warning.\" Atticus said. \"You should be able to feel him coming, Atticus...\" Superman replied. \"I trust you've been putting your special powers to good use other than super-strength, speed, or vision.\" \"I sure have.\" Atticus said. \"Protect each other...\" Superman told them. \"You two are together for a reason.\" \"You mean the prophecy?\" Cherry asked. \"Yes... The prophecy...\" Superman replied. \"Both of you be careful, and listen closely to your training. I know she doesn't seem like it right now, but Dr. Holloway can really help you with your powers.\" \"That's good to know.\" Cherry said. \"Does this mean she has powers too?\" Atticus asked. \"Between you and me, yes...\" Superman replied. \"They'll come in handy later, also, be sure you pick out some good names you want for yourselves as heroes in training.\" \"You already my hero name and Cherry's and Becky's.\" Atticus said. \"Just thought I'd ask...\" Superman chuckled. Atticus rolled his eyes, but smirked. \"Mom also wants to know how Supergirl is.\" Cherry said to Superman. \"She's doing great.\" Superman said. \"Mom's a huge fan...\" Cherry replied. \"So, she's your cousin?\" \"She is.\" Superman nodded. \"Ah, okay...\" Cherry said. \"I thought she was your sister or something.\" \"Most people think that.\" Superman said. \"Thanks for the tip, Superman...\" Atticus replied. \"I don't know what I'd be without you.\" \"A normal boy who loves a little girl's cartoon about ponies?\" Cherry teased. Atticus simply narrowed his eyes. Cherry smiled innocently before zipping off. \"If only she could run that fast in Gym.\" Atticus muttered. After the run, everyone soon went to sleep, but their sleep wouldn't last long. Cherry snorked slightly in her sleep. \"Treasure Planet is an underrated classic...\" They were then woken up by Jack. \"I have shipping fuel for Captain Amelia and Dr. Doppler...\" Cherry murmured. \"Come on, wake up, come on.\" Jack shook her awake. Cherry groaned and turned over. \"Cherry, Drell's here.\" Atticus stated quietly. Cherry screamed and sprung out of bed before flopping back down and looking paranoid and awake. \"Morning.\" Atticus smirked. \"Don't do that, you could give me a heart attack,\" Cherry glared. \"What time is it?\" \"Time for you to get up.\" Jack said. Cherry groaned and turned over. \"Why is it whenever I want to sleep, someone makes me get out of bed?\" \"This better be important.\" Atticus said to Jack. \"Come on, let's go.\" Jack rushed them. Tucker passed out in the middle of the floor once he got out of his bed. \"Okay, okay.\" Becky yawned. Everyone soon got dressed and joined Jack in the emergency. \"This had better be good.\" Cherry said through her teeth. \"Shh.\" Jack told her. They soon saw Superman with him. \"Superman, is it time?\" Atticus asked his superhero mentor. \"Shh, we're almost there, come on.\" Superman told him. Atticus simply nodded in silence. \"Where are we going?\" Dylan groaned. Jack shushed as he opened a door. \"Ooh, wow, an electrical panel.\" Dylan deadpanned. Jack took out a flashlight and opened yet another door within the door. \"It's a secret electrical panel!\" Tucker exclaimed. Becky soon covered Tucker's mouth. \"Come on!\" Jack told the others. They soon came in through the electrical panel all together. \"I'm tired, let's go back to bed...\" Dylan yawned. \"Wow, and they say I complain too much.\" Cherry muttered. \"I think he beats you for first place in complaining.\" Atticus said. \"Great, I'm a loser even in my best sport.\" Cherry muttered.[Chapter 8] \"I'm hungry.\" Tucker muffled. \"I'm cold.\" Cindy shivered. \"Stop whining,\" Jack told them. \"Superheroes don't whine.\" \"Where are we?\" Becky asked. \"We are someplace where the cameras won't see us.\" Jack replied as he let his light shine on a wall that seemed to have hidden names scribbled onto it. \"Whoa, what is this?\" Summer asked. \"Are we getting our names?\" Tucker added. \"Finally, we're getting our names!\" Cindy jumped up and down happily. \"Form most of us at least.\" Becky said. \"That's right, you three already have your names,\" Jack said to Cherry, Atticus, and Becky. \"Anyway, you all want names? You gotta have names. Uh, Chubby will now be called The Incredible Bulk.\" 'Boring.' Superman thought to himself. \"And you, the bully, let's call you 'Strong Girl'.\" Jack said to Cindy. \"I was thinking 'pretty'.\" Cindy glared. \"That is pretty.\" Jack rolled his eyes. \"No, it's not.\" Summer smirked. \"It really isn't.\" Becky added. \"And you, let's go with Mental Chick.\" Jack said to Summer. \"What is this, the 90's?\" Cherry scoffed. \"Yeah, Mental Chick, and Invisi-Teen.\" Jack then said to Dylan. \"Those names are all wrong for them.\" Superman said. \"Those names suck worse than My Little Pony Tales!\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"Let's let them pick their own names.\" Atticus said. \"Well, why don't we call you Mega Boy?\" Dylan suggested to Tucker. \"Mega Boy?\" Jack repeated with a scoff. \"What would you call me?\" Dylan asked. \"Houdini.\" Tucker suggested. \"Right, 'cuz he disappears a lot.\" Becky agreed. \"Princess!\" Cindy piped up. \"Aw!\" Becky smiled. \"And she's Wonder.\" Dylan pointed to Summer. \"Aww...\" Summer smiled to that. \"Just not Wonder Girl or else a certain girl I know named Donna Troy will not be amused.\" Drell said as he was a flying bug by Cherry's ear. Cherry soon flicked him away. Drell yelped before he splatted, he turned back to normal and soon went away. He would remember that for later. \"All right, I give up, you guys wanna name yourselves, you've named yourselves.\" Jack gave up. \"Yep.\" Atticus nodded. Everyone soon put their hands in together, adding in their superhero names. \"Lady Gothika.\" Cherry said. \"WordGirl.\" Becky added. \"Saiya Man.\" Atticus added. \"Now we're a team?\" Tucker asked. \"Now we're a family,\" Jack smiled as he put his hand in with them. \"And this family is getting out of here. I'm taking you someplace safe tonight.\" \"Why?\" Becky asked. Dylan suddenly had images in his head, and he ran off while Jack began to explain. \"Whoa, what's the matter, Dylan?\" Jack asked the boy. \"I'm in a hallway...\" Dylan muttered as he could see something. 'Must be a new power.' Becky thought to herself. \"Okay, now I'm at a control room...\" Dylan continued. \"Whatya see?\" Cherry asked. \"I see Dr. Grant... And Larraby...\" Dylan said. \"Please tell us that they're in their underwear.\" Atticus begged. \"Or maybe one of those dresses.\" Jack added. Dylan glanced at them before seeing more images. \"It's frozen images on a screen...\" he told the others before his eyes widened. \"I know what the training is for.\" \"What?\" Jack asked him. \"Your brother,\" Dylan told Jack. \"He's alive, he's coming back.\" 'Uh-oh...' Atticus thought to himself. \"That's impossible.\" Jack whispered to Dylan. Jack soon left to speak with the general and Dr. Grant. \"Stay out of sight.\" he then told Dylan. \"I don't like the sounds of this...\" Atticus said. \"Neither do I.\" Becky agreed. Superman felt a disturbance and went to go check it out. \"Concussion must be close.\" Atticus guessed based on Superman's reaction. \"This is bad.\" Cherry said. General Larraby was watching a screen that showed what was going on on the outside. A red portal seemed to open up in the distance of their area. Superman saw this and he decided to warn Atticus immediately. Atticus soon heard Superman flying at him. \"Superman!\" he called out. \"Atticus, Concussion is on his way now,\" Superman warned his young ward. \"I just saw from General Larraby's screen.\" \"This is bad.\" Atticus said. \"I'm afraid it is...\" Superman replied. \"We'll have to act quickly.\" Dylan soon saw more images and stared off into space so that he could see. \"You and me will have to fight him then.\" Atticus told his superhero mentor. \"Okay, it was nice knowing you guys, I'm going home.\" Cherry said as she then walked off. \"Cherry!\" Atticus called out before sighing and tapping his foot to wait a moment or two. Cherry smiled nervously as she backed up from Drell who brought her back in there. \"Nice try.\" Drell said. \"This won't be easy...\" Cherry sighed. \"Anyway, Dylan, what do you see?\" she then asked. \"They're prepping up the Gamma-13...\" Dylan sighed shakily. 'Oh, my...' Becky thought to herself. \"Miss Holloway will help them, won't she?\" Cindy pouted. \"I don't know, Cindy,\" Summer murmured. \"I don't know.\" The doors soon clicked open and there came officers of the law with Dr. Holloway. \"Well, um, I'm afraid it's time.\" Dr. Holloway told the kids. \"Oh, great.\" Becky groaned. The officers soon left with the kids as it was time for them to get to work on what they were brought here to do once and for all. \"I'm so sorry about this, truly.\" Dr. Holloway told the kids. \"It's okay, we're used to being used.\" Summer replied in sullen deadpan. \"There's nothing I can do to make this up to you, except, possibly...\" Dr. Holloway said before turning to the officers and blowing them away with super-breath. Superman soon handled the rest of the officers that didn't get blown away. The others were just shocked about Dr. Holloway having her own superpowers. Dylan soon punched other cops while being invisible before coming back. \"Tucker!\" Tucker soon grew his fists and two officers were pinned to the wall. \"Nice work.\" Cherry said. \"You could've helped.\" Atticus smirked. \"Maybe next time.\" Cherry smirked back. \"Still, that was awesome.\" Dylan smiled. \"Come on, let's go!\" Dr. Holloway told them. They soon went to free Jack. A guard soon came in front of Cherry. Cherry glared at him and he glared back at her, her eyes flashing red briefly. \"What the-?\" The guard asked out of surprise. Cherry snarled, showing her vampire fangs, them coming out due to her anger or hunger. \"H-Hey, don't suck my blood!\" The guard begged. \"Why not?\" Cherry mocked before cracking her neck. The guard soon ran off. \"Way to go, Cherry.\" Atticus smiled. \"There is no Cherry,\" Cherry said in a dark and demented voice. \"Only ZUUL.\" \"Is she alright?\" Dylan asked. \"She just thinks she's funny.\" Atticus muttered. They soon kept going, dodging more guards on the way. Summer decided to handle the next one with her telekinesis, and where for her, it would be easy. \"Way to go, Hope!\" Drell cheered. \"My name is Summer!\" Summer glared at him. \"Right.\" Drell smiled nervously. \"Put me down, Miss Jones!\" The guard begged. \"Man, that is so hot...\" Dylan grinned about Summer's power as he was attracted to her. \"Ya think so?\" Summer smiled back. Once the guard was in the air, everyone went to see which cell Jack was in. \"Where could he be?\" Becky wondered. Dylan soon went to the guard's desk. When he saw the computer, he began to type on the keyboard, and soon saw where Jack was. \"He's right here,\" Dylan told the others once he found where Jack was when they wondered where he could be. \"Hey! Somebody call for a rescue party with extra cheese?\" \"Hey, it's about time!\" Jack's voice replied. \"Open the door!\" Superman soon got ready to punch the cell door down. \"Can I do it, please?\" Cindy pouted almost like Apple Bloom when she asked Twilight if she wanted to stay for lunch. Superman looked down at her and gave a small smile. \"All right, Cindy, you do the honors.\" he then allowed. Cindy soon punched the cell door down. Jack was shown on the door and squashed against the wall from Cindy's punch. \"Maybe we should've warned him we were gonna break down the door.\" Atticus smiled sheepishly. \"Yeah, I guess we should have done that.\" Superman added. Everyone soon came together and took the door off of a pained Jack. \"You know, there's a little green button to the left that says 'OPEN'?\" Jack told them while wincing in pain. Mr. Pibb soon beeped as he came into the room. \"Oh...Oops.\" Atticus smiled sheepishly. \"Wait, why is she here?\" Jack asked about Dr. Holloway. \"You mean you don't know?\" Cherry replied. \"She has superpowers.\" \"Yeah, she's one of us.\" Summer added. \"She has super-breath.\" Becky informed. \"Yeah, she blows, uh, super breath,\" Tucker added once he realized what he said. \"Come on, show him.\" Dr. Holloway took a deep breath and soon breathed onto Jack to prove their point, and where her breath showed colors. \"Taste the rainbow.\" Cherry joked. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa!\" Jack waved the air and stopped her from breathing heavily. \"S-So you've got powers?\" The others nodded. \"Remember, I was kind of a weird child?\" Dr. Holloway reminded with a smile. \"That's why I came here.\" They soon left to the UFO. Summer rushed over to a control panel and tried to use her powers around it. \"This is all wrong.\" she then frowned. \"It'll be okay.\" Cherry told her. Summer soon came to where the parts of the UFO weren't in there right places. Cherry tried to remain calm as she looked quite nervous. \"Wait, where's Dylan?\" Becky looked around. \"Outside with Jack.\" Superman said. Dylan soon came inside to join them while Jack got them ready. \"Ugh... I can hear Larraby from here...\" Atticus groaned. \"What's he saying?\" Cherry asked. \"Shut the hangar doors!\" Atticus repeated in a loud voice. \"That's bad.\" Superman said. \"Summer?!\" Dr. Holloway cried out. \"We're hot to go.\" Summer smiled once she finished. \"That's great.\" Atticus smiled back. \"What about Jack?\" Dr. Holloway soon asked. Jack soon made it in while the UFO spun and soon flew out of headquarters. There were ten minutes until they would come in contact with Concussion. Cherry shivered nervously which made Kimba come out since she was scared. \"Once we get there, me and Superman will have to handle Concussion.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, good, you're such a true friend,\" Cherry smiled as she pet her white tiger. \"I thought you were gonna start making me fight for myself.\" Once they arrived, they parked. \"You gotta drop me off here and take the kids someplace safe.\" Jack told Dr. Holloway. \"We're not leaving you!\" Dr. Holloway told him. \"Well, then wait here, at least do that,\" Jack replied. \"Wait for me, let me talk to my brother. This is between him and me.\" \"Are you crazy?! He'll destroy you!\" Cherry told him. \"Besides, we're family!\" Cindy added. \"Believe me,\" Jack took a deep sigh before he sent himself outside. \"I know what I'm doing.\" \"Go with him.\" Dr. Halloway told Atticus and Superman. \"We wouldn't want it any other way,\" Superman replied. \"Come on, Atticus.\" Atticus soon went outside with Superman. \"Atticus, please don't die.\" Cherry whispered. Jack soon walked off before he noticed Superman and Atticus were following him. \"We're coming with you.\" Atticus told him before bringing out the invention that Bulma gave him for his superhero mode. \"What is that?\" Jack asked Atticus. \"A gift from a friend.\" Atticus said before putting the invention on his wrist before activating it. \"Well, that's nice, but I have to take care of my brother.\" Jack replied. \"And we're going to help,\" Superman told him. \"Captain Zoom teams up with Superman, and-\" he then drawled out for Atticus to finish as his own superhero identity. \"Saiya Man.\" Atticus reminded his superhero mentor after his transformation was complete. \"I know, I just thought it'd be like in the old days of Batman and Robin.\" Superman chuckled. \"You sure about this?\" Jack asked. \"Hey, you say my audition at the start, I can handle this, plus I've got a lot of training from Superman and Goku.\" Atticus replied. \"I'll have to test his strength after this.\" Superman said, referring to Goku. Atticus quietly chuckled to that.[Chapter 9] A red vortex soon opened up which caught everyone's attention. \"What am I doing?\" Jack groaned to himself. The vortex soon shot out a body. \"Conner...\" Jack called to the fallen man. The man soon looked over with beady red eyes and stood up. \"Well, that's new.\" Superman said, referring to the beady red eyes for a person. \"Oh, my God, it is you...\" Jack said to his long-lost brother. \"Conner, it's me, Jack. It's Jack! Nobody wants to fight ya, I just wanna talk.\" Conner looked around before finally speaking. \"Well, you got old, little brother.\" \"Yeah, I guess I didn't have the advantage of... Living large in some dimensional rift where I don't age...\" Jack smiled nervously. \"LIVING LARGE?! \" Conner glared. \"Try alone! Being betrayed alone by you back there-\" \"Wait, wait, betrayed?\" Sayia Man asked. \"You took out the whole team!\" Jack added. \"You shouldn't have tried to stop me, Jackie!\" Conner glared at his brother. \"Why shouldn't he have tried to stop you?!\" Atticus glared back. \"I don't like it when he calls me Jackie...\" Jack mumbled slightly. \"Mom told him not to...\" Conner glared as his eyes glowed before he shot Jack, Superman, and Atticus back with his power, and which blew them back. \"Okay, that caught me off-guard...\" Superman muttered. \"Same here...\" Saiya Man added. Conner soon walked up to them, looking rather angry. \"Man, that smarts...\" Jack groaned before standing up with Sayia Man and Superman. \"Well, you certainly haven't lost your touch, Brother.\" \"Have you lost your powers, Jack?\" Conner asked. \"Hey, are those new boots?\" Jack asked him. Conner soon hit Jack again, but Superman and Sayia Man dodged it this time while glaring to the evil brother. \"Time for us to fight him now.\" Saiya Man said. \"All right, let's do this,\" Superman added. \"Jack, you better stay out of this, we don't want you getting hurt.\" \"Yeah, since you lost your powers and all.\" Saiya Man added. \"But he's my brother.\" Jack replied. \"Yeah, but you'll get your butt handed to you if you fight him, so please, allow us.\" Sayia Man defended. \"Alright.\" Jack said. \"You stay here and enjoy the show.\" Superman chuckled before going with Sayia Man to handle Conner. Larraby was seen watching the fight. Cherry watched, she knew she had nothing to worry about, but she felt concerned about Atticus since Conner seemed somewhat stronger than him and Superman, but luckily, they could fight back, unlike Jack. Larraby, on the other hand, found this to be entertaining. Cherry watched herself, cringing in some of the battering parts. Larraby kept watching, without cringing though. \"How's it going out there?\" Dr. Holloway asked Cherry. \"Atticus is strong, but Conner's anger seems to be stronger.\" Cherry winced. \"They need our help.\" Becky said. \"Okay, I'll watch you guys from here.\" Cherry smiled. \"Cherry, Atticus is your best friend.\" Dr. Holloway told her. \"Yeah...\" Cherry replied. \"Come on!\" Dr. Holloway told her. Cherry sighed and soon joined the others to help out Atticus and Superman. Conner glared from Atticus and Superman before finding the new Zenith Team. 'What are they doing?!' Atticus thought to himself. \"A tiny girl in pigtails...\" Conner observed. \"What is this, Attack of the Tiny Preschoolers?\" \"They're just kids, they don't know what they're doing,\" Jack replied. \"Conner, this is between you and me!\" \"He's right.\" Cherry said. \"Cherry, we are helping,\" Dr. Holloway told the girl. \"Besides, you have a tiger.\" \"Oh, right.\" Cherry said. A net was soon shot at Conner, but he punched it away and it came toward Cindy. \"CINDY, RUN!\" Dr. Holloway told the little girl. \"No, no!\" Jack cried out. \"Zoom!\" Cindy whimpered. Jack's body soon started to vibrate. He then began to zip over to Cindy with super-speed like The Flash or Quicksilver from The X-Men. \"He is fast...\" Cherry whispered to herself. \"He sure is.\" Dr. Holloway said. \"Cindy, are you okay?\" Jack asked the little girl once he stopped running. \"Cindy, you're safe now... You're okay, it's me, Jack.\" Cindy didn't move and it seemed like she was dead, but Jack wasn't going to give up on her. Eventually, the young girl's eyes fluttered open. \"Princess?\" Jack called. \"That's me...\" Cindy smiled weakly to the nickname before she soon sat up. \"Mr. Shepard, you ran so fast.\" she then smiled. \"Yes, I did...\" Jack admitted before smiling back to her. They soon met up with the others. \"I knew it!\" Dr. Holloway smiled to Jack. \"I knew you hadn't lost your powers.\" \"I guess I just needed a reason to use them.\" Jack smiled back while putting a comforting arm around Cindy. \"And a good thing too.\" Becky said. \"Jack, man, I'm so sorry,\" Dylan frowned. \"You were right, man. You were right.\" \"Yeah, come on, you ever read comic books?\" Jack replied. \"Superhero secret, Rule #1: Your plan never works.\" \"It's true.\" Superman said. Conner glared and used his powers against the government agency controlled by Dr. Grant and Larraby. \"We better do something fast.\" Cherry said. \"No, no, everybody get back, get back,\" Jack replied. \"Um... Okay, all right, you guys, wait right here, I'll be back in a second, give or take.\" he then zipped away with his super-speed. \"Just don't trip.\" Cherry muttered. \"He hasn't run at super-speed for a long time, so he might.\" Superman said. \"It must be cool to have Captain Zoom back though.\" Atticus replied. \"Yeah, it is...\" Superman admitted. \"It's been too long.\" A few seconds soon passed. \"Is there anybody?!\" Conner challenged. \"Isn't there anybody who can face me?!\" \"I'm still standing here, you little twerp!\" Larraby glared. \"Sir, I wouldn't do that.\" Dr. Grant advised. Conner was about to use one of his powers only to be stopped by a sound. \"What's that sound?\" Dr. Grant wondered. Jack soon came back in his Captain Zoom outfit. \"Wow, that was fast.\" Cherry said. \"What did I tell you?\" Dr. Holloway smiled. \"He kinda looks like a defective Power Ranger.\" Cherry muttered about Jack's outfit. \"I think he looks cool.\" Saiya Man said. \"You would.\" Cherry teased. \"Jackie?!\" Conner glared to his brother. \"Actually, it's Zoom.\" Jack told his brother. \"Nice suit, Lizard Boy!\" Conner glared before blasting at his brother, who then easily dodged it with his super-speed. Everyone looked horrified, but Jack soon came back to them, unscathed. \"Let's play ball.\" Jack told them before dashing off. \"You heard the man.\" Cherry said. Everyone then split up and got ready to face Conner in their own way. Cindy lifted a pole out of the ground with her super-strength and picked it up like a baseball bat. \"Zoom!\" Conner glared, looking around for his brother. \"Hey.\" Dylan smirked as he appeared and punched Conner in the face before disappearing. 'That had to hurt.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Hey, Conner,\" Dylan told the villainous brother, coming right behind him. \"You kinda suck at this, don't ya, dude?\" Summer glared as she then used her telekinesis to throw rocks against Conner. Cherry smirked and soon threw her own Baterang against Conner to help Summer. It was all working. Cherry then caught the Baterang once it came back to her. Conner was able to punch some of the rocks, though missed the Baterang as it hit his head, and he rubbed his head only to make the other rocks hit him successfully. Tucker tapped his shoulder and waved to him. \"Hi.\" Conner glanced at him, but was then bounced back by Tucker's inflated gut. \"All right, Bulma, let's hit him with our best shot.\" Sayia Man whispered to himself before taking his turn once Conner was going to bounce against him before he soon hit him with his best shot. \"Hit me with your best shot~\" Cherry sang. \"Fire awaaaay~\" Conner was soon blown into the sky and when he was about to land, Cindy hit him with the pole she carried like a baseball bat. He was seen sent flying away from the spot that she was supposed to hit him at. \"Oh, no, he's gonna miss!\" Cindy yelped. Dr. Holloway soon used her super-breath to blow Conner into the zone. Conner yelled out and soon landed in the spot he was supposed to land in, and which was where Jack, Saiya Man, Superman, and Becky/WordGirl were as they ran in a circle, creating a vortex. \"Nice work on your super-speed.\" Sayia Man smiled to WordGirl. \"Thanks!\" WordGirl beamed with a laugh. \"I'm so exhilarated!\" The four of them continued to run. \" ZOOM! \" Dr. Grant called out. \" WE HAVE A CHANCE TO SAVE HIM! YOU MUST CLOSE THE VORTEX! \" And where that meant that Conner would no longer be evil once the vortex closed. \"Must... Save... Conner!\" Jack told himself. The four of them continued to run around and around and around. Cherry watched, but soon had to stop since she now looked queasy from dizziness. Conner glared from within the vortex and began to fight back, only for his attack to not work. He tried again and again, but no avail. \" NOOOOOO! \" Conner yelled out as he was soon swallowed up by the speeding vortex. KABOOM! \"CONNER!\" Jack called out once he stopped with Superman, WordGirl, and Sayian Man.[Chapter 10] Conner was on the ground and appeared to look defeated. He then opened his eyes, they were still beady red for a moment, but soon they turned cobalt blue. \"Those eyes tell us that he's back to good.\" Cherry said. Jack soon came to his brother and removed his helmet. \"Conner, the vortex worked this time,\" He told him. \"Maybe you can use your powers for good.\" Conner sighed to his brother since he wasn't evil anymore. \"Sorry, Jack...\" he then whispered. \"Give your little brother a hug.\" Jack smiled. \"Come on.\" And so, the two shared a brotherly hug with each other. 'A happy reunion.' WordGirl thought to herself. \"I got my brother back.\" Jack smiled to the others. \"We did it!\" Cindy beamed. \"Now that's what I call teamwork.\" Tucker added before high-fiving her. Conner was soon introduced to the whole team. \"Welcome to the family, Brother.\" Dylan smiled as he shook hands with Conner. \"This is Marsha.\" Jack introduced Dr. Holloway to Conner. 'This is nice.' WordGirl thought to herself. This was going to be the start of a wonderful beginning. \"This is kinda sweet...\" Cherry replied. \"Too bad we can't stay though, we have to go back to school soon.\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus said. WordGirl soon became Becky again. The Zenith Team hated to see their new friends go, but hoped to see them again sometime in the future as they left for back home. \"So, when do you want to meet Goku?\" Atticus asked his superhero mentor. \"Hmm... How often do you see him?\" Superman asked. \"Mostly whenever I have a Dragon Ball Z Kai world mission or just want to stop by for a visit.\" Atticus said. \"Well, next time you go, could I come too?\" Superman asked. \"Hmm... I think we can arrange that.\" Atticus smiled. \"Great.\" Superman smiled back. Eventually, everyone went home, though Becky would have a big surprise later on in the future. \"Becky, where were you?\" Sally asked. \"Oh, uh, I was at a school camp thing...\" Becky made up since her Earth family didn't know that she was WordGirl. To make her made up story believable, Superman changed into his alter ego while wearing camp counselor outfit he made at super-speed. \"Oh, I see...\" Sally smiled. \"Was this your counselor?\" \"Yeah!\" Becky smiled back. \"I was at camp the whole time, Mom!\" \"A school camp?\" TJ deadpanned to his older sister. Becky looked nervous, thinking that he thought that she made it all up. \"Only someone like you would join something so lame, Becky,\" TJ then mocked much to Becky's relief that he bought the lie. \"Why can't you be as cool as WordGirl?\" \"The school camp was more than just learning.\" Becky said. \"Whatever...\" TJ rolled his eyes and then walked off. Sally smiled to Superman, shaking his hand. \"Thanks for taking care of Becky for us.\" \"Sure thing, ma'am.\" Superman smiled back, innocently. 'Thank goodness that they bought my story.' Becky thought to herself. Superman and Sally talked for a minute before he soon left. \"What a super man.\" Sally smiled. \"Superman?\" Becky smiled nervously. \"No Superman here, Mom, I think he lives in Metropolis.\" Cherry and Atticus soon came back home and crashed on the couch, exhausted of the adventure they had as superheroes in training. \"I never thought that I'd ever feel any more pain from any other mission.\" Cherry said. \"You did pretty good, Cherry...\" Atticus replied. \"Batman would be proud.\" Patch soon came over to see them. \"Oh, hey, Patch, how were the Pound Puppies?\" Atticus asked. \"You won't believe who I got to meet.\" Patch said in astonishment. \"Superdog for the third time?\" Cherry smirked. \"No...\" Patch rolled his eyes. \"I got to meet this special team of dogs called the Road Rovers.\" \"No way!\" Atticus smiled. \"Tell us everything!\" Cherry gave a look since she didn't know who the Road Rovers were, but that would be a story for another time. The End ","Summary":" Cherry was in front of her house as she was selling some stuff with her parents. \"Whoa, whoa, you "},{"Movie":"Zoom","Title":"Sugar Free Sparks","Author":"McMarvel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3878871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Quick Summary: There is a newrn17-year-old girl brought to the base. She is sarcastic, rude andrnstuck up but eventually befriends the super heroes of the zenithrnproject. Commander Larraby gave her brother gamma 13 radiation shotsrnand it drove him insane. She vows to save him and bring down therncommander. She becomes a valued member of the team. Her father wasrnonce a member of the zenith team and Zooms friend. She picks onrnsummer for being the girl she wishes she could be and cannot help butrnattract summer's new boyfriend Dylan who wants to help the new girlrnfeel apart of the team. Chapter one:rnRecruitment Larraby Quickly glanced at the manila folder he held in his hand. He concentrated more on the content of the folder in front of him then he did to the petite bottled blond cursing threats at him. Zenith Profile Access #900072 Family History: Former Zenith team member Marksman's daughter. One sibling a brother who is a year older named Carter. Mother could not handle the loss of husband and the stress of the children's developing powers. Reformed villainess. Took off and disappeared, whereabouts unknown. Presumably retired villainess status. Full name: Samantha Anne James (SAJ) Hair color: Not a natural Blond (naturally brown) Eye color: Brown Other striking features: Swollen lips, long eyelashes Mentally unstable, prone to death threats (Larraby Scribbled in with his Illegible writing skills) Height and weight: 5'3 and average Age: 17 Codename: Sparks Powers: Electric manipulation: Ability to control, generate or absorb electrical fields. Can expel various forms of electrical energy blasts at a rapid pace and high voltage amount from the body. Can also manipulate energy/electrical energy into force fields. Also can draw energy sources. Was accidentally transferred the power of heightened intuition and the ability to mentally block emotions or thoughts from telepaths and empaths. From her brother during early training of the zenith project that was being rebuilt. Larraby snapped closed her file and fixated his stare at her. \"How dare you! Sornhelp me, if I don't get some dam answers around here, especiallyrnfrom you general, things are going to get a little hot in here!\"rnThe petite blond yelled standing in the middle of the area 52rnbase. \"Is that a threat Ms. James?\" Larraby yelled backrnnarrowing his eyes at her. The Zenith team returned in time to seernthe fireworks go off. The blond's eyes turned completely black,rnand the air began to spark. \"That is enough Samantha!\" He yelledrnbringing her back into focus, her eyes returning to their naturalrnbrown color. She turned around coming face to face with the team.rn\"Put her in holding.\" Larraby yelled. The blond named Samrnturned around fear clear in her features. \"No I'm not stayingrnhere again.\" \"You'll stay here and rejoin the team or you canrnhave your sentence for threatening a commanding officer.\" Two peoplernin lab coats grabbed her by the arms and threw her in the whiterncontainment room. But not before she managed to shock them, notrnseverely of course. \"Ok what that was about.\" Dylan otherrnwise known as Houdini said motioning toward the petite blond thatrnwas taken away. \"She looks an awful lot like-.\" Conner began \"Marksman, it couldn't be they had a boy didn't they?\" Jackrnasked confused. \"She's so scared, something's not right.\"rnSummer told the group. \"Alright everyone clear out, now!\"rnLarraby commanded. The team cleared out and changed out of theirrnuniforms and into their yellow suites. Jack went back to therncontainment room that was holding Samantha James. \"Open the door.\"rnJack commanded. He walked in the white room to see a girl about thernage of 17 sitting on the floor holding her knees up to her chest. \"Sornuh.\" Zoom began. \"Save it I already know who you are Zoom.\" Shernsaid. \"Marksman's daughter, I thought he had a son.\" \"Herndoes, my older brother.\" After my father died and my mother well Irnhave no idea where she is anymore and I honestly don't care, myrnbrother Carter and I were sent here. When they decided to rebuild thernZenith group, of course they thought of the originals like you, andrnsecond generation like my brother and me, but the old ways are thernbest aren't they? Are they still stuffing those heroes withrngamma 13? I'm sure it's doing your team a lot better than it didrnmy brother.\" She spat hate dripping off each word. When he didn'trnsay anything she continued. \"I don't want your pity, I just wantrnmy brother back and I can't do that if I'm locked up. I think yournowe it at least to my father to help me out.\" \"If your going tornbe part of the team then you have to go through training andrneverything else the team does, no exceptions understand?\" Jack saidrnsternly. Great another temper tantrum teenager he thought. Samrnclenched her teeth together before nodding. \"Let her out, and suitrnup.\" Jack said in his captain voice. \"Sir?\" The attendant asked unsure. \"Alright let herrnout in twenty minutes give her some alone time to think\" Jack saidrnleaving the area. \"Yes sir.\" Sam sighed, \"Did you wantrnsomething?\" She asked to what seemed to be a vacated room. \"Howrndid you know I was here?\" Dylan asked reappearing. \"Intuition Irnguess.\" She answered nonchalantly. \"Why are you here, come to getrninformation out of me, because I'm pretty sure you just heard itrnall.\" \"Well uh, yeah I did hear.\" Dylan said embarrassed, \"Irnguess I'm just curious you know.\" \"Curious about me?\" Shernlaughed. \"Yeah I mean they stopped using gamma 13 you know, none ofrnus have been dosed with it.\" \"Yeah well you're lucky I guess.rnMy brother and I after our mother had finally left were recruited byrnthe Zenith project. We were here a couple of months before you were.rnIf you think your training was hard, then you wouldn't be able tornsurvive what we went through.\" Sam said putting a strand of blondernhair behind her ear. Dylan sat down beside, her clearly noticing howrnhurt she was. \"I don't know I've actually spent a lot of time inrnhere you know. I'm Dylan West by the way.\" He said smiling andrnholding out his hand for her to shake. Sam couldn't help but smilernback, the guy had a nice smile and he was cute she thought. \"SamantharnJames.\" She said giving in and shaking his hand. \"So Sam, guess your joiningrnthe team huh?\" Dylan said comfortably calling her by her nickname \"Just to get my brother back.\" She said, \"He's the only one Irnhave left. You better disappear, I'm going to be let out in arncouple of minutes.\" As quickly as Dylan disappeared the isolationrndoors opened and Sam was set free. Zoom was waiting for her suit uprncadet training starts ASAP. He said somewhat harshly. She grabbedrnthe yellow jumpsuit and went into one of the empty rooms. \"Where isrnshe?\" Zooms said annoyed. \"Jack? Sir she's um on her way.\"rnDr. Grant said nervously through a speaker. \"Hey Jack man listenrnthis is going be hard on the kid, I mean gamma 13, she really has nornone and I was the one who killed her father. This isn't going to berneasy for her.\" Conner said guilty. Of course he felt bad, whatrnhe had done to his teammates how that had affected their secondrngeneration. Sam strode up to the yellow jumpsuit team wearing blackrncombat boots, a jean mini skirt and a hot pink t-shirt. Dylan'srneyes almost popped out of his sockets, which earned a nasty glarernfrom his girlfriend Summer. She didn't have to be an empath to pickrnup on the drool coming from his open mouth. \"What the heck are yournwearing?\" Zoom said trying to control his anger. \"I think shernlooks pretty, why can't I wear my princess dress at training toornMr. Zoom?\" Cindy Collins age 6 said in her sweetest little voice. Zoom however chose to ignore her. \"Change now!\" \"I don't thinkrnso, what's wrong with what I'm wearing?\" She questioned.rnBlowing a huge bubble with her gum. \"You cannot train in that.\" \"Says who?\" Zoom grunted out loud. She was rude, and arrogant andrnmost of all stubborn. \"Typical! Fine train in that if you breakrna leg in those boots or can't keep up with anyone else, that'srnnot my problem.\" Sam gave a cocky smile. \"Team this is the newrnaddition. Samantha Jones this is…\" \"Dylan West, Houdini.\"rnDylan said giving her a wink. \"Summer Jones, Wonder.\" \"TuckerrnWilliams, Mega boy.\" \"And last but not least…\" Zoom saidrnlooking over at the little blond. \"Cindy Collins age six, Princess.\" Thernfour of them went into the chamber. \"Aren't you coming?\" Samrnquestioned, \"No you highness we are going to watch the five of yourntrain. And watch you make a fool of yourself in those shoes\" Samrnrolled her eyes, blew another bubble and sent a death glare tornconcussion. She knew exactly who he was, but she kept her emotionsrnburied deep. Stepping into the chamber with the rest of the group.rnSuddenly the floor began to move turning clockwise and the other halfrnturning counterclockwise. Suddenly paint balls started shooting fromrnout of the billions of tiny holes in the wall. \"Whoa!\" Sam saidrnputting her hands up creating a weak electrical force field aroundrnthe other four. \"Hey awesome!\" Tucker said when they all realizedrnSam and her force field were protecting them. Sam put a cocky smilernon her face. Larraby walked in on the control center and afterrnsurveying how easy it seemed to be, he commanded an increase insteadrnof the normal twenty percent they were use to. \"Hey you can't dornthat, they haven't been training more than twenty forty is toornmuch.\" \"Don't tell me what to do, that girl has more power thanrnyou can even begin to imagine, gamma thirteen does wonders, don'trnyou remember Zoom?\" Larraby asked. \"Mind you she hasn't beenrnexposed to much of it.\" He continued. Sam noticed Larraby and feltrnthe increase in power. She closed her eyes and tried to concentraternharder holing back the forty, then seventy and finally hundredrnpercent increase in power. She couldn't breath anymore she hadn'trnused her powers in a long time and she had to admit it was quickly taking it's toll on her. Dylan was the firstrnto notice the blood trickle down from her nose and how she seemed tornslowly give into the weakness. \"Hurry up press the button.\" Dylanrnyelled. Tucker stretched out one of his arms with the aid of Cindyrnand shut the power off. Sam felt the darkness leave her eyes andrnsettle into her mind collapsing into an invisible force. Dylan heldrnher unconscious and limp body, scooping her up in his arms. The stingrnof jealousy coursed through Summer. She felt his concern for the newrngirl and she felt, she felt nothing from her. Summer narrowed herrneyes at the still form in her 'boyfriends' arms. Nothing sherncouldn't read anything from her, not even from before. Dr. Grant,rnZoom, Concussion and Marsha rushed to the entrance of the paint ballrndome. Dr. Grant felt her pulse and quickly studied her. When her eyesrnbegan to flutter slightly open and then close again he made hisrnanalysis. \"She just needs to regain her strength and energy. Shernneeds rest.\" Morning came all to early for the Zenith team. Summerrnquickly eyed her boyfriend as he walked into breakfast that morning. \"Hey.\" She greeted, moving over for the seat she saved him. Cindyrnand Tucker were also eating at their cozy table of four. \"Hey.\"rnHe said back. Dylan was looking around the room. \"She hasn't comernin yet.\" Summer said a little bit heart broken. You didn't need to be anrnempath to know what she was feeling. \"Oh I, well I just wanted tornmake sure she was ok you know, from yesterday? And uh she's new.\"rnDylan said. Summer forced a small smile, trying her best tornunderstand. Samantha strode in with dark bags under her eyes. Nornamount of makeup could hide the distressed features in her face. Shernlooked over to the group and then turned away grabbing a fruit cuprnfrom the cafeteria and sitting in a seat away from the group. \"Maybernwe should uh, you know invite her, she's new.\" Dylan suggested,rnto his girlfriend more than the group. Summer could practically feelrnhis emotions and they scared her. He had such an over whelming emotion to make her feel part of the team. Dylan looked down. \"So what do you think?\"He asked wanting to know what she would say next. So that was the first chapter, Hope you liked it. Please review and be kind. thx :P[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Initiation Summer was a gentle soul; well that's what she kept telling herself anyway. For some reason all she could think about were those cheerleaders in high school who used to give her a hard time and how she used her telekinesis to help them understand that it was rude. And by help She meant cover their uniforms with cafeteria chili. Summer smiled at that thought. \"Great.\" Dylan said taking that as her answer. He kissed the side of her head and headed over to Sam's table. She sat there her bangs in her eyes as she picked at her fruit cup instead of eating it. \"Hey Sparky\" Dylan said moving the chair in front of her backwards to sit in it. She looked up without saying anything for a moment. She looked paler than usual. She brushed her bangs from out of her eyes and she finally spoke. \"Don't call me that.\" \"What should I call you then?\" He smiled knowing it would irritate her. When she didn't answer he continued to blurt out codenames. \"Sparkles? Electric? Elektra? Lightning bolt…naa that's too long. So what should it be? Sam looked up once again her intense eyes meeting with his soft ones. \"Why do I need to have a codename anyway, its stupid and immature.\" This only made Dylan smile again. Which in turn frustrated her. Why was he smiling when she clearly tried to insult him, why wouldn't he just leave! \"C'mon all the great super heroes have one. Like your father was marksman, what was your brother's?\" Dylan questioned and Sam stiffened at the mention of her father who was dead and her brother who she didn't even know if he existed anymore. \"He never had one, he was just Carter.\" She said softly. \"Oh.\" Dylan said quietly, he knew he had hit a soft spot. \"Listen we're all having breakfast over at that table. I could pull you up a seat and maybe you could come sit with us.\" \"Thanks.\" She said a small smile coming to her lips. \"But I'm about done here.\" And with that said the bottled blond rose out of her seat tossing her unfinished fruit cup into the trash on her way out of the cafeteria. Dylan sat there befuddled. She was hard to read he thought. After coming to this conclusion he rejoined Summer, Tucker and Cindy back at their cozy table of four. Training once again began after breakfast. Sam still refused to wear the repulsive looking jump suit. She opted for a pair of dark blue track pants, which she rolled up to her knees and a white tank top. Her blond hair was tied back into a messy bun and her bangs were held back with a blue headband. She slipped her white running shoes on and headed to her assigned training area. She opened the door walking in the room like she owned it. \"Let's get this over with shall we. The team looked over her. \"Samantha uh, please you can start you exercises with me.\" Marsha said directing her over to a stool. \"Okay now this machine on the other side is going to shoot out these small objects.\" Marsha began holding up an orange square object. \"Use your powers to deflect and stop the objects.\" Marsha explained and stepped back. Using a tiny remote she pressed a button and objects one by one began to shoot out. Sam easily deflected them using her energy force field and her electricity to zap the moving squares dead. Summer hit Dylan square, in the chest. \"Ouch! What was that for?\" Dylan narrowed his eyes at summer. \"Pay attention to the drill.\" Summer said. Dylan shook his head and followed after Tucker. Summer squinted her eyes. No matter how hard she tried she could not penetrate her mind. Nothing it was silent, no emotions. Samantha whipped her head around and glared at Summer while lifting one hand up to keep the squares from hitting her. \"Get out of my head!\" She yelled freezing Summer in her spot. \"You heard me, stay away from my head.\" Summer turned bright red. She was so embarrassed being caught but did she really have to call her out on it in front of everyone? Sam decided she was finished with this. This so called 'training' was not going to help her find her brother. She whipped her head back and fried the machine that was still trying to shoot orange squares at her. Marsha's mouth dropped and Zoom stepped in front of Samantha's way. \"Where do you think you're going training is not done.\" \"Today I'm ending early.\" She said with the utmost confidence. \"Kid you are really pushing your luck here.\" Jack said grinding his teeth. \"Jack, come on this kid's had it rough, just-\" \"Don't.\" Sam said her eyes slowly turning dark. \"Don't you dare try to defend me, you're lucky your still standing here!\" Sam threatened. She side stepped both of them and left the room. Dylan turned to Summer. \"Are you ok?\" He asked. Once she nodded he kissed her temple and ran out the door. \"Dylan wait!\" Summer shouted but he was already out the door. Dylan jogged after Sam invisibly. She was stomping her way down the corridor her hands clenching and unclenching electrical sparks running between her fingertips. She stopped mid stomp and turned around throwing a small bolt which hit Dylan sending him into a wall. He was no longer invisible and he was lying on the floor coughing. She turned to walk away and the stopped and turned around. She offered her hand and Dylan took it letting her help him up. \"Sorry.\" She mumbled and then tried to take off but he grabbed her arm. \"What? Why are you being so, so-\" \"So nice?\" He offered still coughing. \"I guess.\" \"I just I know it's hard to fit in and I just want you to feel comfortable on the team with everything that's happened to you, I thought you should get some kind of a break I guess.\" He said shrugging his shoulders. She gave him a weak smile. And he gave her a full-fledged one. Summer caught up to the two. \"Dylan.\" She said breathlessly. Sam just turned around and jogged the rest of the way down the corridor.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Torture Dylan sat up straight in his bed. Tomorrow would be the first day back to school. He wasn't worried for himself or the others of course they had been accepted. It was Sam he was worried about or more specifically the other students that would decide her fate. Summer was lucky she was a cheerleader he thought back to when she made the team and he had made his way over to her to give her a rose. But Sam was a little bit hard to get along with. Dylan perked up to the unusual sound across from his room. He strained his ears to hear what was going on. Across the room in the similar white room Samantha James sat at the edge of her bed sparking the door that was fire resistant and not to mention locked. The dam thing was invincible. But she refused to give up. They were keeping her hostage, against her will and it was ridiculous. How did they expect her to stay here with insufferable people that were around her age and a pig headed so called captain and his murderous brother? Another zap was sent to the door leaving an even larger black stain. And they were forcing her not only to work with these people and train (as if she needed to) but they were enrolling her into a public high school.These people were out of their flippin' minds. Summer awoke earlier than usual that morning. She dressed in her cheerleading outfit for early morning practice. Plus she knew Dylan went nuts when she wore it and it would definitely keep his attention for today at least. Brushing her hair until it was perfectly smooth she applied some clear gloss and heading to the cafeteria with her school things. \"Hey babe.\" Dylan said kissing her on the lips a little to quick for her liking. \"You look really good.\" He murmured in her ear. Summer smiled. Mission accomplished. Zoom tapped his foot impatiently. \"You're all going to be late if little miss sunshine doesn't grace us with her presence in about.\" He was cut off short when Sam whipped around the corner in a simple black tank top layered with a white one and a pair of blue jeans and white sneakers. \"You can wear sneakers to school but you can't wear them to training, you wear combat boots.\" Sam gave a frustrated sigh not bothering to give some kind of remark. Instead she just walked ahead of everyone like she just didn't give a dam. Which she didn't of course! Summer kept her head low squeezing Dylan's hand she was holding a little tighter. Cindy and Tucker were taken to their school with Marsha and Zoom had the responsibility to make sure Sam made it to school with the others. She stalked off to the office without one word to the rest of them. \"Guess she's trying the silent treatment today.\" Summer suggested when Sam had walked passed Dylan and her without a single thought or acknowledgement that they were right beside her let alone their presence. Dylan took a seat next top Samantha in math class. \"Hey so what's with the freeze out today?\" He asked leaning on her desk. She tilted her head up in the opposite direction from him. \"You know, if your power was ice we could have called you the ice queen.\" He chuckled to himself. \"Are you still talking?\" She hissed back. The math teacher Mr. Brazen turned his head to check the commotion in his class and then turned back around. Dylan just smiled at her. At least he was getting her to talk right? He tore out a sheet of paper and wrote down a note to Sam. He passed it to her. She opened it. How long are you going to stay like this? The note asked. She crumpled it up and threw it back at him. Hitting him in the face. \"Mr. West, Miss, uh.\" Mr. Brazen said looking down at the seating chart. \"Miss James. We are here to learn so if you'd like please take your conversation else where, thank you.\" He said in his monotonous voice. Sam rolled her eyes at Dylan and stayed quiet for the rest of the class. When the bell rang she collected her things and headed to her locker. She just wanted to bury herself underground and never come out. Why couldn't it have been her who disappeared somewhere instead of her brother. Why couldn't her mother have taken her with her instead of abandoning her here it was pure torture here. \"Sparky! Sparky! Wait up.\" Samantha turned around to find Dylan West once again headed for her. She sank into her locker. Why was it that the world never opened up and swallowed you whole when you wanted it to? \" What? What do you want from my life? Dylan please just leave me alone, I don't want to be apart of your group I don't want to have friends I'm a freak who can shoot electricity out of her hands and can sense and form energy fields I should be by myself and locked away somewhere by rights but you know what I'm not and all I want is to be left alone right now to wallow in the loss of my brother and the abandonment of my mother!\" Dylan looked at her with a blank face. \"Are you done?\" The question caught her by surprise. \"Well…yes.\" \"Good.\" He smiled carefully taking her arm and leading her down the hallway. \"It's lunch time and I know the best spot to eat lunch.\" Another frustrated sigh escaped from Sam's mouth. \"Didn't you hear any of what I just said?\" \"Sure I did, do I believe it is a better question to ask though.\" She gave up he was too persistent. He led her to the bleachers where they sat. The football team was practicing during lunch and so was the cheerleading team. Summer waved most likely to Dylan. She ran over to us as she kept the rest of the cheerleaders in the air with her telekinesis. \"Hi hon.\" She said giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. \"Uh, hi, Samantha.\" \"Hi Summer.\" She said. It was the first words that came out of Sam's mouth that weren't actually screaming at her. Summer nodded uncomfortably. \"I guess I have to get back to practice, see you after?\" She asked only to Dylan. \"Of course.\" Sam instantly sat up straighter. \"You guys have a girls soccer team here?\" She asked noticing the girls heading out to the field with their cleats on. \"Yeah why?\" Without explanation Sam got up and whipped her long blond hair out of her face and back behind her shoulders. Dylan's focus was suddenly taken away from Summer as she saw his head turn a full ninety degrees to the left. Sam was talking to a girl with deep dark brown hair who was fiddling with the ball beside her. Sam nodded taking the ball and the two began a match of one versus one and the team huddled around them. Sam maneuvered the ball through the girls' legs keeping on her toes. Dylan rushed down to the circle that formed around the two girls. He knew the brunette as Sandy Walker the soccer teams captain. \"That Blondie is really good eh? She's cute too\" Denny Hampton told his friend Billy Walters. Dylan creased his brow. Denny Hampton was somewhat of a hot shot at school. He was the curly blond haired blue, eyed center forward for the boy's soccer team and his friend Billy Walters was the quarter back on the football team. Dylan especially hated him because last year he tried to hit on his girlfriend Summer. He hated them both now, as he felt a small pang of jealousy in his chest.[Chapter 4] First of all i want to thank everyone who reviewed: Padme4000, Songorita, and Jessie07, you guys are awesome and make me smile :D yay! Chapter Four: Maleficent \"Samantha James is the devil, evil incarnate! She is rude and stubborn and vicious and malicious, and.. and a boyfriend stealer.\" Summer said as she began to tell her friends who were coincidently the cheerleading team she cheered with all about the new student and 'super hero' Samantha James. The three others exchanged sympathetic glances with their teammate. \"Summer I've never seen you like this, or like ever talk about someone like that you know.\" Kara Burke said. \"Totally, this girl must be like super evil.\" Emille Dupree suggested. Summer nodded. Okay she may have been exaggerating a small bit but still the point was she had made her decision she did not like Samantha James one bit. Zoom had eagerly and impatiently honked the horn of his car for the hundredth time. For this he received another death glare from Sam who had been chatting with Sandy the Soccer captain and was now talking to Denny Hampton. \"Can she ever follow rules, ever be on time, this is ridiculous!\" Jack fumed. Dylan was fed up and rolled down the window. \"Sam let's go.\" Sam smiled back at Denny and waved goodbye. Dylan with his window still rolled down stared at Denny with a hard look, but Denny was too focused on watching Sam's retreating form. Sam slammed the car door and resumed the silent treatment she was giving them earlier. \"We're going to be late for training and you can explain to Larraby the reason. Sam blew her bangs out of her eyes dramatically rolling her eyes. When they finally arrived to the training base the five were told to suit up and make their way to the paintball dome. Larraby was there but he was more concentrated on the file he was reading in his hand rather than the fact that they were twenty minutes late. Dr. Grant quickly ushered Cindy into the paintball dome and turned it onto the smallest percent. She easily finished her task and tucker was next to go in. Sam braided a piece of her hair. This was just a big waste of time she thought. Tapping her foot impatiently. \"Somewhere you have to be?\" Zoom asked. \"No but I have better things to do than sit here and wait for my turn what kind of training is this?\" She spat back. Larraby looked up from his file and grunted rudely in her direction. \"Must you complain about everything Miss James? Larraby scoffed. But Samantha was too busy scanning the pages of his file that she could she and once she had seen the name Carter James on the file her interest had been piqued. Her part of the training section was up and she was ushered into the paintball dome by Dr. Grant. \"Let's make this interesting.\" Larraby said pressing a dial on the controls. Sam side stepped as a tiny metal silver ball headed towards her. She smirked Larraby wasn't playing fair as usual. These weren't paintballs. Electricity barley fazed them but if she had made it hot enough in her maybe they would melt or slow down one of the two. Her hands emerged in a white blue crackling light and she forced it around her adding it to her energy force field. Her task was finished in a matter of no time and she switched places with Dylan. Larraby was back to reading his file before he could get a glimpse of her cocky smirk. Her curiosity got the better of her. \"What are you reading about my brother?\" She asked her tone steady. Larraby casually looked up from the file. \"None of your business your brother is our property now.\" Summer cringed. That was not the best thing to say to the temper tantrum queen. She thought. Sam's face-hardened she was pissed. \"I want that file.\" She said flatly. He didn't make the slightest move in her direction. She repeated her demand once more. \"I want that file!\" She said with more urgency and less patience in her voice. Sam lifted her hand towards him and zapped him with a small voltage sending the file flying in her direction. Larraby yelled in pain grabbing his hand in agony and calling for one of the guards. \"He's alive, Carter's alive.\" She said reading the words over and out loud before she was knocked out from behind by one of Larraby's guards and dragged off to a holding cell. Luckily Sam had disarmed the power withholding mechanism and would wake up to at least something she could do like say scortch some walls that was always fun to do. Sorry it's a bit short but here's the fourth chapter. Enjoy:D[Chapter 5] Sorry it took forever to update, but here it is. Just wanted to say thank you to Padme4000, Songorita, Jessie07 and Lynnicaec for all your reviews!!! Enjoyy... Chapter Five: Borderline Samantha awoke to the blank white walls of her captivity cell. She slowly lifted herself up. She was sore from being knocked out but she had to get out of her cell. She zapped the hinges off the door, which were already disabled from before. She had a feeling she would be back in this holding cell and good thing she was right. Kicking the door down with the last ounce of strength she had. She then persuaded Dr. Grant that she wasn't feeling well and needed to head straight for her room when he had caught her staggering out. Dylan and Summer passed her in the hallway and she passed right by them walking a little faster to her room. Closing the door behind her she collapsed to the ground hugging her knees. Her brother was alive. That was all she knew. But where the hell was he? Her head was killing her and the room would not stop spinning. She looked at the clock that sat on her table beside her bed. She had passed out and now it was 6 in the morning. She looked at her self in the mirror pulling her hair back behind her ears. If she ever wanted to see her brother again she needed to pull herself together. She realized that her attitude wasn't going to get her anywhere. If she could curve her snide remarks and focus her energy on training with the team she would get her brother back. She waited in front of the training room for everyone to gather for early morning practice. \"Well well well, what a surprise you're early for practice.\" Jack said. \"Yes sir.\" She said calmly. He turned around raising his eyebrow at him. \"Seriously?\" He asked in disbelief. She nodded. \"Oh uh, you can head right in.\" The training started immediately as soon as the rest of the team arrived. \"Well that's a new look for you.\" Dlyan snickered. Sam looked down at her yellow jumpsuit and nodded slightly. Dylan raised his eyebrow at her but before he could question her any further they were led into a training course. She had been worked to the bone harder than the rest of the team. They took her into a separate room. Everyone else looked like they were having fun. Summer was laughing with Dylan while she focused her telekinesis on a bunch of smarties slowly flying one into Dylans mouth so he could eat them. Cindy was giggling. She was throwing frizbees as hard as she could while Tucker enlarged his hand to catch them. \"Why can't I train with the rest of the team? Samantha asked a hint of anger to her voice. Zoom looked at her. \"Treadmills.\" By the time she was done she had run ten miles. Jack was pushing her limits. She had to release her anger before she could work with any of them. \"Kid come on your done here.\" Sam let out a low growl trying to contain her anger. She didn't like being pushed around. She looked around when she entered the simulator. \"Hey where is everyone?\" She asked turning around. Zoom had locked the door. He ran up to the observance room where everyone was gathered. \"Jack I don't think this is a good idea.\" \"She might hate me for this Marsha but she needs this.\" Jack stressed. \"Mr. Shepherd, what is Sammie doing in there by herself?\" Cindy asked sweetly. \"Just watch Cindy, All of you watch.\" Jack said. \"Jack maybe Marsha's right.\" Connor said. Zoom just ignored him and focused on the simulator. It was starting to get unbearably hot. Sam took off the top of her jump suit tying it around her waist and revealing a white tank top. \"What do you think your doing?\" She turned around to see Larraby yelling at her. She stepped back biting her tongue. Another figure stepped out of the shadows. It was her mother telling her how much of a problem she was and how she never really loved her. Next was her father and then the breaking point, her brother. \"What is this going to accomplish, can't you see this is hurting her.\" Dylan said forcefully. \"Kid calm down.\" \"No he's right.\" Summer defended \"I can see it.\" \"Stop it!\" STOP!\" Sam screamed putting her hands over her ears. Dropping to her knees she curled into a ball on the floor. The yelling became even louder until she screamed out in agony. She could feel the energy tingle in her center. Soon her whole body was engulfed in electricity. The room was melted in mere seconds from the blast. \"And that I why I needed to do this.\" Zoom explained. \"She's dangerous. All that raw energy can never be tamed. Her temper speaks for itself. Her emotions need to be kept in check, otherwise she's a liability towards all of us\" Zoom said. \"You told us that were a family, Sam's part of it and what about your brother huh?\" Dylan said knocking Jack in the shoulder as he passed by him. \"Dr. Grant open the room.\" Jack said lowering his head. Dylan entered the room invisible. He lightly touched her shoulder. When she turned around he picked her up making her invisible as well. Zoom sighed. \"He's taking her somewhere.\" Summer said quietly. \"He's really mad at you.\" Marsha saw the look in Summers eye and squeezed her shoulder giving her a sympathetic smile. Dylan had taken her somewhere she had never been. \"Can't you people just leave me alone for one second?\" Sam sobbed. \"Hey, I left you alone yesterday. I think you shouldn't be alone anymore.\" Dylan explained. \"I might as well be alone everyone always leaves me, my mom, my dad, my brother.\" \"I won't.\" He said quietly. At that moment her brain turned off and she leaned in closing the gap between her and Dylan. He was shocked at first but her lips were soft and he returned the kiss when she began to pull away. His hands entwined in her hair pulling her in even closer. \"I can't, we uh we shouldn't\" She said pulling away quickly and getting up. \"I'm sorry I shouldn't have your with Summer and I totally…\" \"Hey, hey listen it's okay and I am with Summer and I…\" He said giving into the temptation and grabbing her face and crushing his lips onto hers. She jumped up wrapping her legs around his waist and deepening the kiss, her hands holding the side of his face while one of his hands supported her from behind while the other was under her shirt supporting her up higher. She trailed kisses along his jaw line leaving a small tingling spark after each one. Realization finally came back to her and she slowly released herself from Dylan's hold. \"We should...\" \"Yeah stop.\" He finished for her. She cleared her throat and tugged her hair into a ponytail. Turning to the wall she looked up. \"What is that?\" She asked pointing to the names scribbled on the wall. \"That was Zooms team and that over there is our team.\" He pointed. She trailed her fingers over the names. Houdini, Wonder, Mega boy and Princess. \"Why did you bring me here?\" \"I think it's time you add your name, you are apart of our team whether you think so or not.\" He smiled handing her a marker from his pocket. She smiled a weak smile taking it from him. \"Sparks, hmm, I thought you said that codenames were stupid and immature.\" She just shrugged her shoulders. \"I guess they're not so bad.\" \"We'll I like it. \"He stated. \"Come on it's gotta be close to dinner and I'm starving and Summer will probably be looking for you.\" She said nudging his arm. Well hope you liked this new chapter it's a bit intense. Sorry for the long update. Love to hear from you and what you thought. Thanks for reading :P[Chapter 6] Oh my Goodness, okay so it feels like forever since i updated and i am oh so sorry! Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who reviewed i love hearing from you guys it makes my day!!! **This chapter is for dreamer, Thanks for the awesome idea that sprung the first part of this chapter. Hope this was good enough for you! Chapter Six: Frustrated She stood there with her arms crossed and with her lips pursed in a tight line. These people were seriously delusional if they thought that she would willingly train with the man who had killed her father and split her family apart. He was the reason everything went wrong in her life, or so she'd like to think. How could you blame her? He was trying to be her best friend these days; no oh sorry I killed your dad or anything. He was positively annoying to say the least and she didn't trust him as far as she could throw him. She turned her attention back to him raising one eyebrow at him as she popped her gum. Conner sighed patiently. \"Do you understand?\" He asked gesturing to the exercise she was supposed to now complete. \"I'm not stupid, and I've done this before don't pretend like your actually training me or anything.\" She spat back. She couldn't help it as nice as the guy was being he had still killed her father and broke apart her family. He was the absolute reason she was here in this forsaken hellhole. Conner sighed once again. \"Of course.\" He nodded. \"Why don't you get started then alright?\" She gave him a look that clearly said whatever and moved passed him towards her exercise. Conner watched as she dove and rolled out of the way. Excellent he thought. She had nearly completed the training exercise, and she was good at it to. Conner's mouthed formed a perfect O. She wasn't expecting that to come her way. \"Break Left!!! LEFT!\" He yelled frantically. She glared at him and broke right instead getting hit and captured unable to complete the exercise course. Samantha grabbed her bag and her towel and started to head out the door. \"Wait!\" Conner said with a little force this time. \"What?\" She yelled in response and turned back around. \"I said break left, you heard me why would you do the opposite?\" He asked a little annoyed but trying very hard to keep his patience. \"Because I don't trust you! Your whole team might trust you and you may not be charged as a murderer but to me you are. I don't want to be your friend and I don't want to train with you, you are not my supervisor or my captain and I refuse to take orders from you!\" She spat. Conner let out a huge frustrated sigh. \"Fine, when you get yourself killed in battle or even worse by your brother, because don't forget kid, I've been there I've been through the whole acid trip of gamma 13 and what it does to you and I've been through the lost in time thing and you know what I had no problem whatsoever with what I'd done. Killing people it was no problem at all. Your brother, he'll be the exact same way. Won't bat an eye at tearing you to pieces if he has to.\" He said although he meant it to come out as I'm just preparing you for facing your brother who won't be himself, it might have come out a little differently towards her. Her face dropped suddenly the look quickly replacing itself with an even more venomous death glare. Her eyes darkened ever so quickly and soon enough Conner felt a surge of painful electricity coursing through his body as he flew across the room and hit the wall. \"Get the hell away from me.\" She said before turning around and walking out the door. Conner lay on the floor. \"Ouch.\" He said unable to move himself but every fiber of his being ached with a crackle of electricity. Maybe that was the wrong thing to say he thought frowning slightly because any movement he made hurt. Sam strode off to her bedroom. She was already pissed off and fuming and it was only, she checked her watch, eight o'clock in the morning. Now she had to take a shower and get ready for school, which started at nine. Samantha hated morning practices. She looked towards her door in her mad rush back. The end of her lips curved up in a small smile. \"What are you doing here?\" She asked Dylan who was nonchanlantly leaning across her door. \"Just thought I'd come visit you after your practice with concussion.\" He said shrugging his shoulders. \"I've got to take a shower and get ready, your girlfriend is around the corner by the way.\" As soon as she had closed her door in Dylan's face Summer had came around the corner. \"Hey!\" She said kissing Dylan on the cheek. \"What are you doing in front of Sam's door?\" She asked trying to read his emotions. Dylan was thankfully quick on his feet. The best lies were half-truths anyway. \"I just wanted to make sure she was okay, you know how she gets around Conner, and he was training her this morning.\" Dylan said. It was mostly true he just left out the part that he couldn't sleep at night because she was two steps away from him and he began to feel incredibly infatuated with her. Dylan smiled at Summer. \"Let get some breakfast.\" He said putting his arm around her and ushering her to the cafeteria. It wasn't that he no longer loved Summer. He did, he just liked two incredibly different girls at the same time and that was bad. He knew trouble was brewing, but he resumed his carefree attitude and decided it was not going to bother him, things usually had a way of working themselves out. Zoom was not happy. He paced in front of the entrance doors waiting for Samantha to head out to school. \"Can I help you?\" She asked finally showing up. \"What were you thinking?\" He asked harshly. \"I'm sorry?\" She asked confused. \"You weren't, you were not thinking at all. How could you do that to your own teammate?\" At first she thought he was talking about Summer. She felt bad for the poor girl, she knew what she did was wrong but please the girl totally caved to conformity. Sam saw her at school. She hung around the cheerleaders and rumor had it that she used to despise them and now she was their best friend. She had no sympathy for the girl. \"Conner, you used your power on him, you could have hurt him badly.\" He said clarifying the subject for her. \"Oh, that, well he had it coming.\" She said as if it was no big deal. There she was again with that temper of hers. \"Excuse me? Listen kid, I've had about enough of you and...\" She knew what was coming next. He was going to try and pull her off the team, which meant she wouldn't be able to face her brother and get him back. \"Jack he just hit a soft spot okay, he was saying things about how he didn't have remorse for killing people. He killed my father, you can't blame me at all.\" Zoom cleared his throat. \"Ill have a talk with him but please don't use your powers unless necessary kid, alright.\" She nodded heading out the door. \"Oh and Marsha wants to see you after school.\" He yelled out. She was already out the door. Denny Hampton ruffled his curly blond hair as he leaned closer to Samantha in French. \"Hey.\" He said nudging her arm. \"Don't you mean Bonjour?\" She asked. \"This is French class after all.\" He smirked. \"Funny.\" He said. \"So you nervous about the game after school?\" He asked. \"Not really, should I be?\" \"Absolutely, and just so you know as captain of the boys soccer team and center forward, I'm going to have to kick your butt.\" She stifled her laugh as to not draw attention to herself in class. Dylan huffed in frustration. She was laughing, she never laughed. Why could Denny Hampton make her laugh so easily but he had to work for it and he worked very hard just to get her to smile. \"I don't know if you're fast enough.\" She returned. In all actuality she was very excited for the game after school. It was between the girls and the boy's soccer team. It was just a little fun scrimmage between the two teams. The bell rang and she gathered her books and headed towards her locker before math class. \"Samantha Anne James.\" She quirked her eyebrow at Dylan who was holding her student id card in his hand and waving it around. \"How did you get that, and please don't use my full name.\" She said grabbing at the card. He yanked it out of her reach and she pouted. \"Are you pouting?\" He asked. \"Answer the dam question.\" She said now successfully taking back her id. Dylan shrugged. \"That's what happens when you're not paying attention, or when you're flirting with Denny Hampton.\" He said. \"I didn't even have to turn invisible to get it.\" \"Yeah well, don't you have somewhere to be?\" She asked grabbing her math textbook. \"Yeah with you.\" \"What?\" She said hoping she heard him wrong and stumbling a little. \"I said with you, we have math together.\" He clarified clearing his throat and turning a slight shade of pink. \"Right.\" She said simply walking towards the classroom a little faster so he would have to catch up to her. I love to hear everyone's input ie: how are the characters?...is more detail wanted? etc or just a general view of how this chapter went!!! Hopefully this chapter was alright and you enjoyed it!! Thanks again3[Chapter 7] Chapter Six: Offensive Author's Note: alleywayqueen has pointed out to me that \"Marksman died 30 years ago so Sam would be like 30-something herself, unless shes his grandaughter and his daughter/son had Sam at a young age.\" Yeah, I did not take that into consideration so for the purpose of this story and Sam's attitude I'm hoping everyone just overlooks this and well say that Marksman is her father and he died when she was five which would make it 12 or so years since his death. But Thank-you so much for pointing it out I didn't even think about it lol. Also just wanted to say thank you to everyone who reviewed it means alot :P Dylan looked on furiously as the soccer scrimmage was about to begin. Summer and the rest of the cheerleaders took to using the match as a way to practice for the football teams next game. So here he was sitting on the bleachers with the rest of the school except he was rearing mad and the game hadn't even begun yet. Samantha had bent down to tie her laces when Denny had come around to give her a small tap on the behind. When she had turned her head to give him a death glare he had given her an impish smile lifting his hands up giving her some kind of explanation, which made her roll her eyes and head onto the field with him following beside her. Summer's head snapped up from her place on the pyramid looking straight at Dylan. With eyes wide and a frown on her features Summer shook her head at Dylan when he realized she was looking at him. Apparently he must have been projecting his feelings of jealousy, not good. He couldn't help it if he was jealous it still didn't mean that he didn't love Summer, it's just that he was confused. That was it, he told himself. He just needed time to sort this through. The game began and the crowd cheered loudly as Sam took the ball and raced it down the field. Denny had stolen it away from Becky Jacobs and headed down towards the girls goalie. The score was now 1-0. \"Hey James!\" Denny called out to Sam. \"How about the Winner gets a kiss from the loser?\" He taunted which only made Dylan angrier. \"Ha, you wish! Samantha James doesn't lose, just a heads up.\" Sam said before swiping the ball away from Denny himself and heading towards the boys goalie scoring. They met at center line once again. \"No matter, if you win you'll just get a kiss from me in that case I won't mind being the loser.\" He smiled. \"So a tie it is then, because I certainly need a better motivation to win.\" She said slyly. The game had progressed with Denny and his teammate Eric White both scoring. Sandy Walker the girls captain had also scored making the score 3-2. The boys were in the lead. At half time Sam made her way over to the bench and was greeted by Dylan. \"Hey, thanks.\" She said as he handed her a water bottle. \"You're playing really good out there.\" He said. \"Yeah well the boys have a good team but they have minor defense problems.\" \"I didn't even know you played soccer, what other hidden talents do you have sparky?\" \"Dylan, what are you doing?\" \"What do you mean? I'm making conversation with you, did you get to many soccer balls to the head today?\" He joked. \"No I mean this, let go of my arm, head back to your seat and keep your emotions in check. Summer is right over there and I can block mine from her but you can't unless you try hard. Coming over and taking to me and handing me water bottles and fawning all over me is not stealthy at all, and I'm not a cheat we agreed it was just that once.\" \"Actually we didn't agree and someone's in a bitchy mood. By the way Prince Charming is heading over here.\" Dylan said turning invisible, probably to go back to his seat like she told him to. She thought. Dylan was not happy about this situation. Sam turned around and waved to Denny. When Denny caught up to her he tripped suddenly. Sam caught him by his arm before he fell. \"So weird, I thought I tripped over something solid.\" Denny said turning to look at the area he tripped. \"Probably some invisible jealous force.\" Sam grumbled. \"What?\" Denny asked. \"I said probably running at full force, you know since we've been playing for a while.\" She covered. \"Uh Yeah I guess.\" Denny said running his hand through his blond curly hair confused. \"So Uh you're pretty good on the field.\" Denny said giving her a lopsided grin. She smiled back. \"Yeah well, you're not so bad yourself captain.\" She winked flirtatiously. Dylan grumbled making his way to Summer who had taken a break as well. \"Hey babe.\" He said. She said nothing ignoring him and walking away. \"Aww come on Summer, what's wrong?\" \"What's wrong? How can you ask me that? I was nearly knocked over by your feelings for her and you were sitting all the way over on the bleachers!\" She said tightening her jaw and refusing to let tears form in her eyes. \"Summer, please I don't, you know it's you I want, you're the one I'm with.\" He said grabbing her arm and spinning her back towards him. \"I know.\" She smiled sadly. \"I love you Dylan.\" \"I love you too Summer, you know that.\" He said. And it was true he did love Summer, he didn't love Sam. Not yet anyway…No Not Ever!\" he thought wrestling with the voice inside his head. Truth was he loved Summer, he knew that, but he was infatuated with Sam, she was like the new shiny and pretty toy you just had to have and then you went back to your old toy the one you depended on. No wait that's not right. He told himself. He was comparing his girlfriend and his friend/obsession his teammates for crying out loud! He was comparing them to toys he wasn't eight years old. Oh God was he confused. He looked back quickly at Sam, she was smiling at Denny. In one swift motion he had complicated things. He had seen her look over at him, following what her was doing ever since he reappeared and was spending his time with Summer. The last thing he remembered thinking was girls always want what they can't have and then he kissed summer full on the lips. She was his girlfriend he shouldn't feel bad but their kiss was hot and steamy and earned a few giggles from the cheerleaders and a whole lotta wolf whistling from the bleachers. He looked over to Sam whose expression was clearly readable. He had seen it many times she was going to throw a temper tantrum, after all she was the Queen of those around the base. Sam was still talking to Denny but she had finally seen Dyaln reappear, and make his way towards Summer. When she had seen him kiss her she was pissed. How dare he use Summer like that to get to her. Dylan was under her skin in a bad way and she would have none of it. These were not feelings of jealousy coursing through her body right now she told herself sternly. \"What a jackass\" she said whipping the water bottle back down to the floor. The whistle was called before she could storm off to slap him upside the head or zap him a good one. The girls ended up winning the game. Sam had taken her anger out on the field winning the girls the game even though they had been down in the first half. Denny had raced after he when she stormed off to the bench to collect her things. Summer was neatly tucked under Dylan's arm and Dylan was smirking at her. \"Yeah that's not offensive at all.\" She muttered. \"What's not offensive?\" Denny asked behind her. He really needed to stop popping up whenever she felt the need to shoot her mouth off. \"Oh I meant our last play, we weren't playing offensive we were playing defensive you know because we were in the lead and remember when we 'us girls' won?\" She smiled. \"Which by the way you owe me that kiss.\" She said making sure Dylan was watching before she grabbed onto Denny's mop of blond hair and tugged herself forward kissing him. She could see out of the corner of her eye the look of horror on Dylan's face. She smiled back at Denny. He had a dazed expression on his face and a stupid looking smile. \"I know blows your mind doesn't it?\" She said somewhat sarcastically and jogged away leaving him with a \"later!\" Zoom had said something about Marsha wanting to see her after school today. He even looked surprised when he had asked her where she was going. Apparently he figured she hadn't heard him at all and why would she have listened of course. She had shrugged at his explanation and kept on her way to Marsha's office. \"Oh good you remembered to come.\" \"My memory is just fine thank you, why does everyone keep telling me I'm glad you remembered?\" She huffed taking a seat and dropping her stuff on the floor. \"How was your day at school?\" Marsha asked warily. Sam had always been directly nice to Marsha, she didn't count how she acted around her. Like that time at training for instance she hadn't complained when Marsha had told her to start her exercise training and she didn't take it personally when Sam had blew up the machine and stomped off yelling at Jack. \"School was fine, the girls won their game against the boys. I guess I have Dylan to thank for that.\" She grumbled the last part. \"That's good, why would you thank Dylan for that?\" Marsha asked confused. \"Oh nothing he was just being a jerk the second half.\" \"I'll bet that has something to do with that Denny you've told me about.\" Sam nodded. Marsha smiled. \"It'll all work out Sam I promise.\" \"Urgh! I feel like I'm in therapy.\" Sam whined. \"No, no were just two girls chit chatting.\" Marsha reassured. She had decided to set up these sessions to help Sam deal with some of her issues. Her abandonment issues, her anger issues and many reports diagnosing her as a sociopath. She was unpredictable and would shock everyone, no pun intended. But she could be worse off. She was a test subject of gamma 13 and some kind of other product, wait why was this new information? Marsha questioned herself narrowing her eyes at the writing on the side of one of the reports in Sam's folder. \"Something wrong?\" Sam asked. \"Huh? Oh no nothing just couldn't read the hand writing of Dr. Milovich.\" Marsha covered. \"Oh I remember him, I think I threatened to turn him into charol dust.\" Sam said. Leaning back in her couch chair. \"Yes he wrote that down here as well and diagnosed you as a sociopath.\" Marsha said looking up at Sam from the folder. Sam just shrugged loosening her blond hair out of her ponytail. \"He just wrote that because he was a little upset, maybe I hurt his feelings whatever you know?\" Sam said. Marsha smiled. That was one thing about Marsha Sam liked. She was cool. Everyone thought she was a nerd and clumsy but she had a real sense of humor and she really was cool to hang around. Out of all the people at the base she actually trusted Marsha and she knew Marsha would have her back and that's why she agreed to meet with her after school and that's exactly why she made it a point to remember. A good offense was a good defense after all. As always let me know how this chapter went, I'd like some insight as well as to what you think of the Sam/Dylan/Summer/Denny kinda square thing i've got going here i guess. :D Anyways please review i love hearing from you guys :D[Chapter 8] Chapter Seven: Hard times \"My stepfather, the only father I really knew was in the military. Carter and I were brought up that way. You know military values and all. I'd like to think he really loved us like his own kids y'know? Colonel Lewis Ford was a good man too bad my mother drove him away.\" She said sadly. Marsha raised her eyebrow and Sam continued on with her story. \"I don't advertise it but my mother was one of the bad guys. After my father, my real father was killed I guess she couldn't deal and raising two super charged kids must have been a handful. Anyways I don't know where she is or what she's doing and truthfully I don't care. But the colonel checks in once in a while, which is nice. It's like I still have family.\" Marsha nodded jotting down a few notes in her notebook. Sam looked at the clock on the wall. \"Listen is it alright if I go now? Training is about to begin.\" She said getting up when Marsha nodded. \"Of course.\" It had been a tough practice. Sure she had mouthed off a couple of times to Jack and Connor and she wasn't speaking to Dylan or Summer, even though she never really did speak to Summer anyway. It's not like she owed the girl anything. I mean being best friends with the cheerleaders that used to bully her and then becoming one of them was just well stupid. She rolled her eyes. Even she was starting to get tired of hearing herself rant on about how terrible summer was. She wasn't that bad. Jack gave her a confused look. Apparently her internal battle wasn't so internal anymore. \"What are you rolling your eyes at kid? Pay attention.\" Jack ordered. Connor was giving some sort of lecture about who knows what some sort of lame battle strategy maybe? Sam blew a strand of hair out of her face. \"That's great is this over yet? Because there's running hot water and a bar of soap calling my name right about now.\" Connor sighed and looked at Jack and then up at the control centre where General Larraby was yelling at someone. \"Dismissed.\" He finally said. Sam pulled out her hairtie letting her hair loose and made her way directly towards the showers. She knew Dylan was watching her or was he watching Summer who had trailer behind her towards the showers? Whatever she didn't care. She reminded herself. A shower had felt good. She changed into a black wife beater tank top and army green cargo pants. She was towel drying her hair when she had noticed Summer staring at her from the mirror. \"What?\" Sam asked a little harshly. Summer looked away and continued to brush her hair. Sam rolled her eyes and continued to dry her hair. \"Miss Sammie?\" The squeaky voice of Cindy Collins asked. Sam turned around. \"Uh, it's just Sam, Cindy.\" \"Okay, Miss Sam.\" \"No, just Sam.\" She corrected. \"Okie Dokie Sam, could you please tie this for me?\" She asked handing a pink ribbon to Sam and turning around flipping her hair out. \"Sure.\" Sam said a little perplexed. Summer was right there couldn't she have asked her to do it. Summer watched as Sam carefully and skillfully tied a cute little French braid intwined with the pink ribbon in Cindy's hair. She ended the hairstyle off by tying a bow at the end. \"Wow, So Pretty.\" \"Well I didn't know what you wanted me to do with it.\" Sam shrugged. Cindy hugged her and Sam awkwardly patted her head. \"Why do you keep staring at me?\" Sam said when Cindy skipped off. \"Nothing, nothing.\" Summer stuttered out. An announcement rang through the base calling all personel to the control centre. Sam ran into the control centre with Summer trailing behind. Summer ran towards Dylan and Sam suppressed rolling her eyes. \"Jack what's going on?\" \"You reply to your commanding officer by his first name Cadet James? No body had seen her straighten up faster than she did as soon as she heard his voice. \"Sorry Sir.\" She said. \"It's good to see you Sam.\" Colonel Lewis Ford said standing in front of her. \"You too Colonel.\" She smiled. Oh wow was that a real smile?\" Summer asked keeping her voice as low as possible. \"At ease Cadet and it's General now.\" He said smiling. \"Yes Sir. Sir, if you don't mind me asking what are you doing here?\" \"I've been reassignment James. That blonde hair of yours has gotten a little long since the last time I saw you. How are you holding up? \"Fine Sir.\" She replied. Jack cleared his throat. \"Uh excuse me what's with all the yes sir, military crap? And why can't you behave like that with me when I train you?\" Jack said. Sam blushed embarrassed that her stepfather found out that she was misbehaving at a military base no less. Fortunately for her General Ford could not stand Zoom or General Larraby for that matter. He snorted. \"My girl only answers to real authority Jack.\" The General said. \"Great two smartasses.\" Jack sighed. \"Listen kid, I'm only here for a short while but we've found Cadet Carter. \"Your brother?\" Dylan said finally speaking up from the side. She could only nod. \"Debriefing in half an hour.\" He said to the team. Sam exhaled. These were the beginnings of hard times. Alright, Sorry for the incredibly LONG wait for this chapter. Things are starting to get moving in this story and hopefully it's going well. ENJOY :D[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: The Count Down. General Ford debriefed everyone around a large dark oak table on the second level. Sam looked through her standard issued blue folder with the papers, which stated where and when Carter had reappeared and where he was last seen. \"He's been here over a week people, undetected. We don't know what he's planning but we've tracked him down and he's headed towards this base!\" \"James\" \"Yes sir!\" \"The subject is not your brother do you understand?\" Samantha's bottom lip quivered slightly. \"Yes Sir!\" She replied. \"Jack, you'll talk your team to head him off three days from now.\" The General said. \"Dismissed!\" Everyone filed out of the room discussing the plan of action. \"Sam, you okay kid?\" The General asked. \"Yes Sir.\" \"Cut the crap kid, it's me and you. I know you never really had a family other than your brother growing up but it's me, I'd like to think I'm your family and I'd like to think you think so as well.\" Her heart felt as though it had been squeezed. This man did not share the same blood nor was he related to her in any way but he was more family than anyone she knew. \"General, you are my family and I think of you as a father.\" She said meekly. He smiled at her and hugged her. \"You'll be alright kid and you'll get Carter back.\" He said reassuringly. General Ford left the base they had three days starting tomorrow to prepare themselves for the battle against her brother. So it shouldn't have come as a surprise to find her working out in the weight room. She blamed it on her nerves. Jack watched from a far slightly worried. \"Is there a reason you're stalking me?\" she asked snidely from her position in the weight room. Jack stepped out of his hiding place and cleared his throat. \"I didn't know super hearing was one of your powers.\" He retorted moving into the light of the room. \"It's not, but I have excellent intuition.\" She smirked. \"What do you want?\" She asked going back to her bench pressing. \"I was just, well I was worried. Listen I know what it's like to be on the opposite side. Last year I had to fight against my own brother, I was in the same situation as you, I mean you'd think after this happened once the government would have stopped gamma testing after what happened with Conner.\" Sam lifted the weights back onto their bar and sat up. She stared at her feet for a couple of seconds before Zoom finally nodded at her and began to leave. \"My brother is the only family I have left.\" She blurted out. \"Our mother left us, she left us, took off and gave us to the government for testing. I never really knew my father, your brother ruined that, he completely destroyed my family life.\" She said. \"I know and I know he feels really bad about it and he's trying he really is. I know that doesn't seem like much.\" \"Thanks. I'll be fine.\" She said grabbing her towel and heading out of the weight room and towards the showers. Pacing slightly in front of the cafeteria Sam had yet to decide if she was really hungry. Tomorrow was a school day and it was already eleven at night. \"I hear that hot milk helps you fall asleep.\" She turned her head suddenly to the voice behind her. Conner had showed her a small smile and held his hands up in a gesture of peace. She did not smile back. \"That sounds disgusting.\" She said finally making her decision. She pushed the large silver doors open and walked through deciding to hold one of the doors open for Conner to follow. She grabbed some chocolate chip cookies and a glass of cold milk and took a seat. Connor followed her grabbing the same thing and sat across from her. They ate in silence. \"She likes you, you know.\" Sam said quietly after a couple of minutes of watching Conner carefully. \"So-Sorry?\" Conner said fumbling with his words. \"That nurse you keep staring at. The one who has the night shift, she's sitting right over there.\" Sam motioned to the petite red headed nurse in scrubs. \"Don't point!\" He said nervously pushing her hands down. Sam smirked and shoved the last cookie piece into her mouth. \"Where are you going?\" He asked feeling as though he had done something wrong yet again with her. \"You should sit with her, besides it's a school night you should know that.\" She said walking out of the cafeteria and headed towards her room. Dylan ran his fingers lightly over the dark blue duvet cover on Sam's bed. Her room smelled just like her a mix of vanilla and ginger. He sighed. Why was he even here? Hadn't she made it clear that she wanted nothing to do with him? Still he thought. His attention was directed at her door, which had various sizes of scorch marks. He chuckled to himself knowing just how difficult she really was. He looked at her clock. She should be back at any moment and now he was double guessing his decision to talk to her. He sighed looking at the clock once more before scribbling something down on a sticky note on her desk and sneaking out of her room. Sam headed towards her room. When she reached her door she took a sideways glance at the hallway. \"Dylan.\" She sighed. In all fairness she had been a tease but he had a girlfriend and she had immediately stopped whatever it was that had started. She sighed in frustration. She had other things to worry about, like her brother. How the hell was she going to fight her own brother? Better yet if it came down to it could she cause harm or even kill her own brother? These were things she'd rather not think about. \"Let the count down begin.\" She mumbled looking at her calendar and crossing off a day. The yellow post it note on her desk caught her eye. She immediately knew that it was from Dylan. She felt him stalking around in the hallway, but she didn't think he had been in her room. Immediately her face flushed with anger until she read the note. Sorry…Truce? Was simply written down. She smiled forgiving him for the intrusion. She decided that she would need all the help she could get when facing Carter.[Chapter 10] Thank you to everyone who kept with this story you guys really are amazing! Everything has just been so crazy at school lately so I apologize for updating so late. Things are starting to get going in the story so hopefully this is worth the wait. I LOVE your reviews please keep them coming and let me know what you'd like to see! Chapter 10: Her terms She crossed off another day on her calendar. Two more days left. She tied her blonde hair up in a stylish ponytail and tugged at her navy blue t-shirt. She was sure it was some kind of punishment sending her to school when they were about to fight her brother in no less then two days. The scientists tracking her brother's return had reported that at the end of the week he would be back and it was at that precise moment they were to catch him off guard allowing them to trap and disable him at any cost. They made it sound like they were supposed to be capturing some wild animal. Her brother wasn't an animal. They made him that way and none of this was his fault. They were the ones to twist him right down to the soul. But no matter how much they tampered with him Carter would always be Carter to her. That's why she was going to be there first, she was the one who was going to fix her brother with the cure they would give them and then she was going to take her brother and they were going to drop off the radar for good. That was the plan that had run through her mind a million times since she heard the news. The bell rang and students rushed past her to get to their classes on time. Sam strolled listlessly through the halls picking at her fingernail paint. In a few minutes the halls were bare. Peace and quiet, it's what she needed right now. She walked through the halls her fingers brushing the locker doors. She sighed a deep and frustrated sigh throwing her hand back and zapping the invisible force following her. \"Ouch, Son of a-\" \"You know what happens when you follow someone when your invisible right?\" \"Yeah, I should have known. I have experience.\" Dylan grumbled becoming visible. \"Why are you following me Dylan?\" She asked turning around to face him. \"Why aren't you in class?\" \"Why aren't you?\" \"Touché!\" \"Why are you still following me? She asked holding her hand up. \"Hey Hey Hey! I'm visible remember?\" He said holding up his hands. \"Your point?\" She asked zapping him anyway. \"Ouch! Dam!\" She smiled. \"Listen, hey wait up?\" He said grabbing her hand. She turned around looking him straight in the eye. \"I just wanted to make sure you were okay you know.\" \"Dylan, that's real sweet of you but you need to stop asking me that. I'll deal in my own way.\" She said her expression softening. \"Dylan!\" Both Dylan and Sam looked up with wide eyes at Summer. Her arms were crossed and she had a pained expression on her face. Sam yanked her hand away from Dylan's. \"Dylan what's going on here?\" She asked her voice breaking. \"Nothing is going on here Summer, shouldn't you be in class?\" Sam said crossing her arms. \"I took out a hall pass, and it doesn't feel like this is nothing.\" She said turning to Dylan. Sam gave Dylan a stern look. \"You have feelings for her?\" Summer all but shrieked. \"Maybe, I don't know, but I still love you, babe you can feel that right?\" Dylan said pleading with her. \"Right? Summer please.\" Dylan said grabbing her hand and resting it on his heart. She refused to let the tears forming in her eyes drop. She looked at Sam who was staring at them. She felt the slightest bit of jealousy coming towards her before it disappeared as fast as it appeared. \"Nothing is going on here Summer, he was just making sure I was okay with this whole thing with my brother. Which by the way is none of your business, either of you.\" She said sourly. Summer didn't know how to take this was this Sam being nice? She honestly couldn't tell with her sour after comment. Sam turned to go. \"Sam wait.\" \"Dylan you can't have us both, and I'm going to make this real easy for you.\" She said walking away from both Dylan and Summer. She refused to be in the middle of this. \"Out of class eh? What a badass, that's hot.\" She turned to see Denny leaning against a locker his curly blond hair slightly messed. Denny would take her mind off all this. She smiled. \"They there gorgeous, looks like someone's not so good themselves. Aren't you supposed to be in class Den?\" \"And leave you all by yourself?\" He smiled making his way over to her. She grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him down to meet her lips. From out of the corner of her eye she could see Dylan's face drop, he had come after her after all. It shouldn't have bothered her as much as it had. Dylan had a girlfriend and she was single and had a good-looking guy to have fun with. She liked it better when she only had her brother to worry about. What a disaster. She had refused to attend her next class as well, opting for sitting out on the bleachers by herself since Denny had a test in his next class he had to attend. She had only caught sight of Summer once in the hallway staring at her. She worried for a moment that Dylan had told her about their kiss. In the end she refused to let herself care. She brushed the loose strands of hair that seem to fly into her face from the wind. She perked up from her position, the hair on her arms standing up. It wasn't windy outside. \"Dylan?\" She asked. Feeling uncomfortable with not being able to sense anyone around her. She rubbed her arms making her way back into the school. The bell had just rung and she made her way to her locker. Finally the day was almost over at least she could go back to training. \"Jack is waiting for us in the front parking lot.\" Summer said walking past her. Sam opened her locker coming face to face with the dull yellow sticky note attached to the top shelf of her locker. She felt the oxygen rush out of her making it hard to breathe. Her hands gripped the locker keeping her from collapsing. The note read, \"Be seeing you.\" Carter was back early and he had been tailing her without her knowing. It was no longer her terms she was playing on.[Chapter 11] When class let out she was a nervous wreck constantly looking over her shoulder and flinching at every sudden movement. She knew she should've told her team that Carter was back but she didn't want them to go after him. He was her brother and she would deal with this herself but she didn't want to put her team in danger either. If Carter was tracking her then she would lead him straight to their base. It was bad enough that he had tracked her down to her high school. She didn't want to put sweet little Cindy or Tucker who was like a funny younger brother in danger. And even if she didn't want to admit it outloud she didn't want to put Dylan who she really did care for in danger, or even Summer for that matter. The poor girl, although Sam didn't like her that much, did already have enough on her plate. \"I'll meet you back at the base. There's a soccer practice that was scheduled last minute.\" She explained to Zoom. He eyed her carefully. She tried keeping her usual cocky and self-assured persona in tact as Dylan's eyes looked her over for any sign that she was lying or that something was out of place. Jack sighed. \"Alright be back by 4:30 sharp or I am personally coming after you! Got it kid?\" She rolled her eyes. \"Of course.\" She said strolling to the field. When she was sure Jack had taken off with the rest of the team she sprinted past the field and back inside the school. She wandered the empty halls until she reached her locker ripping the yellow post it note off the shelf and crumpling it tossing it to the floor. This time she felt the same chill she did when she was outside on the bleachers. Carter was near. Faster than she had time to prepare for she had been slammed up against her locker and when she opened her eyes she came face to face with her brother. \"Carter!\" She whispered. He smiled at her. \"Hey baby sister. Miss me?\" His voice was unlike the one she knew to be her brothers. It was cold and icy and malevolant. His curly dark brown hair was slicked back and his brown eyes were reddish black. He wasn't her brother, not like this. His carefree attitude and warm brown eyes and usually disheveled curly brown hair had been replaced. She was frozen unable to move or speak even if she could. She was held up by her neck her feet unable to touch the ground. His hand tightened around her neck crushing her windpipe unable to let her breath. Dark blue veins traveled through Carters hand and into neck making her own veins the same color and grip with such intensity that her eyes buldged at the pain. All she could do was look into his cold and soulless eyes while he chocked her to death. Any shred of hope that he was still the same guy had vanished. His hand came up to deliver the final blow when he was suddenly thrown across the hall into a pile of lockers. Sam slid down onto the floor swallowing large gulps of air unable to control her sobbing. \"Sam, Sam, Sparky c'mon girl, look at me. Open your eyes!\" She couldn't see her rescuer through the tears forming and probably already spilling down her cheeks and she couldn't concentrate after almost loosing consciousness. Her rescuer picked her up cradling her in his arms and her eyes fluttered shut. \"Sammy? Sammy where are you?\" Carter had counted to 100 and it had given her enough time to squeeze her self under the sink drawer. She stifled a giggle and held her breath as she heard him enter the room. \"Sam?\" He called and then listened for any sort of response she would make. Usually she would giggle or bang her knee against the surface of wherever she was hiding but at age 7 she was learning quite fast how to disappear without a trace. Carter was always better at it when it was her turn to count. He was older and had much more practice then her she reasoned. \"Hmm, Looks like she's not here.\" He would say and then leave the room. Sam stifled another giggle. If Carter thought she was falling for that again he was sorely mistaken. She knew it was all a ploy to get her to leave her hiding spot and then when she would try making it to home base he would wait just outside the room until she came running past him and he would tag her. Nope that was not going to happen again. She was determined to stay right where she was until he gave up and she won. Later she would sneak out of her hiding spot and run to home base but somehow he always caught her, but he was never able to uncover hre secret hiding spot and that always gave her pride. Carter would always chuckle at her and mess her hair up and she would glare at him for doing it. She likes to remember her brother as her knight in shinning armor, her hero. Carter always knew what to do. She likes to pretend Carter is her only family. She likes to forget that her mother is a low life scum bag who completely broke after her father died. Joanna James nee Wiez was a dark haired brunette with blue eyes, now a 48 year old retired villain and pyhcopath who left her children in the hands of the government. Irresponsbile. Destructive. She hated her mother. The only good thing she ever did was marry the colonel. After she drove him away she became a wreck and it began to affect her children. Her mother dated a slew of mad men and Carter and Sam never felt safe again. She remembers one night in particular when their powers manifested. Joanna stumbled from her room having been hit by her latest boyfriend Dale. She stormed out of the house after causing it to shake and tremble with her power. Carter had left his hiding spot and tried to intervene when he heard the commotion. Sam had screamed when Dale had slapped her across the face making her stumble back against the wall. Carter had stepped in front and held his hands up in fists protecting his little sister. Dale raised his hands chuckling and went to hit Carter. \"NO!\" Sam screamed raising her hands at him. Her eyes turned back as Blue electricity crackled from her hands and shot out towards Dale hitting him square in the chest. Carter looked at her in disbelief and then back towards the lifeless body lying across the floor. She remembers her hands shaking the blue light gone from them. Carter never flinched from her. He grabbed her hands and held them with his. \"It'll be alright.\" He said looking her over. \"You're fine.\" She nodded composing herself well for a twelve year old. Carter checked the body turning him over to see blood seeping from a wound in his head. Carter looked back towards his sister. His body tumbled to the ground. Dale had grabbed his leg and flipped him to the floor. Carter outstretched his hands to shield himself from the blow. Dale went flying across the other side of the room the consequence of Carters latent fire and heat powers of manipulation. \"You always have me.\" Carter said squeezing her hand. Their so-called mother had dropped them off at area 52 and drove off. It was last time they ever saw her. She was fourteen years old and she had lost both her parents. Her father had been killed when she was very little, she always kept a picture of him in her pocket. It was stupid really she barley knew the man, all she knew was that her life began to fall apart when he was murdered. All the tests and experiments done on them have been all a blur, yet she remembers what she felt. Disgust, dizzy, lightheaded, pain, worry. Things she'd rather not remember. She holds the picture tighter and it creases. She remembers when she was four standing in the rain staring at the grey slab of stone in the ground. 'Here Lies Mark James, Husband, Father, Hero.'[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Secrets \"DAD!\" She said sitting up suddenly out of breath. She was in a white room hooked up to a dozen beeping machines and sitting in a white hospital bed. She looked down at her light blue hospital gown she was now clad in. Her blonde hair was down and completely straight. She began pulling off the machine wires connected to her and slipped off the bed. Her legs were a little shaky and her head throbbed. She walked the halls wandering. \"You know that gown doesn't have a back to it.\" She turned towards Dylan her face blank. His smirk turned into a frown. He had expected her to retort with a witty comment and spark him for checking out her backside. Instead she just stared at him her lower lip quivering and her legs buckling. He caught her before she fell and she held onto him. She rested her head on his shoulder and wept. \"Hey, Hey it's okay, I'm here you're safe.\" \"I'm an idiot, I'm sorry, I didn't want to put anyone's life endanger but that…that's not my brother, not anymore. Those aren't even his powers. Carter's primary powers are heat manipulation and heightened intuition and the ability to mentally block emotions or thoughts from telepaths and empaths. He has never been able to heat your blood or whatever he did back there, gamma 13 must have increased his power to that. I..I…Dylan I don't know what to do.\" He can hear the uneasiness in her voice it scares him and he tries to tell her in his most assertive voice that they'll figure something out. She appreciates his assertive lies and nods her head. \"How much trouble am I in?\" She asks looking up at him with those big eyes. His smile falters. \"Nothing I can't save you from.\" He smiles a toothy smile at his own response. She gives him a weak smile. \"My knight in shining amour ladies and gentlemen.\" She says somewhat sarcastically because she knows and he knows that he saved her ass out there tonight. Her lips gently graze his and he leans in to deepen in the kiss. She pulls back and helps herself up and grabs his jacket, which in his haste to catch her from loosing her balance is haphazardly thrown on the floor beside them, and ties it around her waist. \"No peeking Perv.\" She says sauntering off to her room her walls of sarcasm and wit effectively put back in place. Dylan watches her walk regardless. She's in her room lying on her back looking back up at the ceiling. She'e been sleeping for a while now having been uninvited to the latest meeting. She's feeling a bit better still she feels like death. It's times like these where she needs advice and time to think. She grabs her coat and keys to one of the 'company' cars she swiped earlier on for times like these. She drives for about an hour in silence turning into a small cemetery and parking. It's her place to go when she needs clarity. The only person that ironically seems to give it to her. \"Dad\" she whispers kneeling next to the gravestone. She begins to speak to the open air fingering the lettering on the marble slab. \"You know you wouldn't be so proud of me if you could see me right now. Or maybe you can I don't know. I haven't come to see you in a while, since mom left. Carters gone and I have no one. I don't know what to do. I've been giving everyone a hard time I'm no superhero, nothing like you dad. I'm lost.\" She almost whimpers. \"I'll say, this is nowhere near base camp, how the hell did you get out here don't you know you are already in enough trouble?\" She turns around to find Zoom and she wipes at her eyes embarrassed at the fact that he caught her crying and looking pathetic. There goes all her hard work. She eyes him carefully, as he walks closer to her. \"How'd you find me?\" She decides to begin. \"All the cars have a gps in them you know, I figured you would have taken off rather than face being grounded.\" He says as if it's some kind of joke, and maybe it is he's trying to lighten the mood, he's never seen her so...so…vulnerable. \"Look.\" She sighs looking back to her fathers grave. \"I'm sorry, about today it was reckless and stupid I should have told you he tried to contact me but I didn't want to put anyone else in danger.\" \"You know what kid, you're selfish, stubborn, reckless, an overall pain in my ass sometimes, but you have a good heart, it reminds me of your fathers. And you're wrong you are a superhero, your one of us kid no matter how hard headed you are.\" She smiles lightly at this. It's probably the nicest thing he's ever said to her. Zoom clears his throat. \"You're not back at base before I do night check you don't even want to know what kind of punishment I'm going to enforce got it?\" She raises her eyebrow at him. \"Please you enforce anything? I'm not scared.\" She says cockily. \"Right.\" He says shaking his head and heading back to his car. Training is taken seriously this morning. There is no school because they know a face off, a dangerous one is going to happen any day now. It's on everyone's minds. Sam reties her blonde hair and tries to hold her tongue when Zoom demands she and Summer work together. \"Wonder you and Sparky over here are going to train together and work on her marksmenship.\" She cringes at the word always has. Summer begins floating objects trying to purposely hit her. It just makes her that much more determined to shut her down. It's when Miss Perfect breaks routine that Sam finally smiles at her. She's pissed and rightfully so. Summer is tossing larger objects at her whatever is in the room, Sam deflects these easily burning them to a crisp or tossing them aside with her force field. It's only when Summer starts tossing weight machines at her that she's dodging and rolling on the floor. Sam holds out for as long as she can until her patience wears down (she never had much to begin with) and she starts fighting back, and fighting back her way, dirty. Summer gets zapped a few times and soon they're not even using powers but wrestling with the other. Dylan yells for them to stop but can't help but be a teenage boy and shut the hell up while enjoy two girls he's attracted to fight. Both Zoom and Marsha are yelling over the intercom repeatedly until physically they have to be broken up. They end up both sitting in the isolation room until they can work out their problems themselves. Sam sits on one end of the small room playing with her blonde hair a bored and peeved expression clearly displayed on her face. Summer paces the room something clearly on her mind. \"You obviously have something on your mind to say to me, you might as well get it off your chest now.\" Sam says rudely. Summer huffs walking right up to Sam to push her as she starts to stand. \"Stay the Hell away from my boyfriend!\" She yells in her face and slaps her across the face. She goes to do it again and Sam stops her hand from making contact. She's angry now even though she knows she's the one in the wrong. \"Well maybe if you weren't such a sell out cold bitch maybe he wouldn't have to look anywhere else!\" She yells back. \"Home-wrecker! This is what happens when you grow up in a broken family you have to go around ruining everyone else's life!\" Sam scrunches his eyebrows. That hurt more than she'd care to let on and with her defenses down Summer was able to feel that pain for little more than a second before it was gone replaced with the usual void she felt from her. \"Yeah well we all can't be little miss pom pom over here hypocrite.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You heard me fine! I said you were nothing but just like those cheerleader girls who used to pick on you, now you're one of them! And just for your information Dylan sought me out I never went after him.\" Summer took a step back and slid down to the floor. \"Things are different now.\" She said not looking at Sam. The blonde sat down in front of her leaning against the wall. \"I, I just wanted to fit in and I lost myself in the process and Dylan too. Things just haven't been the same between us.\" Sam nodded. \"He loves you, you know.\" \"I know.\" She whispers. \"But he loves you too. I feel it. I keep trying to hold on but now I'm not so sure what I'm fighting for. I've just been so angry lately.\" Sam felt bad for the girl. She patted her knee. \"We all have those moments. I'm scared to death and so angry I don't know where to direct all these emotions to. I've always had my brother to talk to and now he's not my brother anymore. He's not Carter and I don't have anyone else. My mom's a deadbeat villain whose retired I have no clue where she is and I don't see the general as much as I'd like he has his own life, but Carter, Carter and I were close.\" \"You have us.\" Summer said. \"I'm sorry, for everything I put you through.\" \"Me too.\" Sam said giving her a smile. Figures she would never actually say the words. \"Truce?\" Sam offered her hand out. \"Truce.\" Summer said. The doors opened and one of the guards came to get them stating there was a meeting it was necessary for them to attend. \"Were gathering information as best we can, we need to know how to capture and apprehend Carter James as best we can without anyone getting hurt.\" Zoom said. They all sat in comfy chairs around a large black desk. \"Your father's power was to always hit his mark how does that relate in anyway to yours or Carters power?\" Zoom asked Sam directly. \"Have I ever missed?\" She asked cockily. He responded to her pursed lips with a pointed look for her to be serious. \"I'll take your silence as a definitive answer.\" She said smirking. Laraby slapped his papers on the desk. \"This is seriously business little girl!\" he said. \"I am being serious.\" She said wishing the General was here to back her up he had been detained for another serious matter. \"I never miss the spot I'm aiming, neither will Carter. We were training and we have the genes remember? Mothers got the fire power Fathers got the skill. You're gamma 13 General Laraby created a monster whose coming to collect if anyone's to blame its you.\" Laraby snorted in disgust at her. \"What else can we expect?\" Marsha asked. \"Carter has the power of heat manipulation, heightened intuition and blocking anything from a telepath or empath. Two of which I have been transferred during the governments little 'training sessions.' But what I saw from yesterday he's definitely stronger and his powers have increased tenfold. If he touches you he can boiling your blood from the inside of you his skin paralyses you.\" She informed them. \"Best way to attack would be all at once.\" Dylan suggested. \"Circular formation.\" Summer added. Zoom nodded. Laraby hung up the phone he was on. \"Agent Grant has some news for us.\" He said motioning to the door. A curly blonde headed agent walked into the room with a black suit and a folder in hand. \"General, here is the information you requested. We have intel on the enemy's position. Sam's jaw dropped as did Summers and Dylans. \"Denny?\" he looked up at her his blue eyes searching her brown ones. Laraby laughed a disgusting gurgling sound. \"This is Agent Tyler Grant he is an agent of the government sent to keep an eye on you little miss can't follow the rules pain in my ass.\" Laraby announced. Denny who was really Tyler looked down at his shoes. \"Is that true?\" she asked. She needed to hear it from him. \"Yes Ma'am.\" He said curtly. \"I can't believe this.\" She said the air cracking with electricity. She balled her hands into fists at her sides and stormed out of the room regardless if the meeting was finished or not. \"Sam! Sam wait!\" Tyler Grant called running after her. \"You lied to me!\" \"It was part of my job. I couldn't blow cover.\" They argued in the hall way the meeting room quietly listening to every word. \"Don't touch me!\" She yelled at him. Seconds later the agent yelled a slue of curses as she had shocked him. \"You know a part of me really did fall for you, I liked you but duty comes first always will for me.\" \"Don't follow me this time or you'll regret it.\" She said turning around and storming down the hall. \"We all have secrets Sam!\" He yells at her. She's already half way down the hall way.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Back into action Dylan knocked on her door for the tenth time. She wouldn't answer the other nine times he knocked. He was beginning to think she wasn't even in there for crying out loud but he could hear her music so she was definitely in there ignoring him on purpose. . He slumped down to the ground sitting in front of her door. \"You know you're going to have to come out some time or let me in your choice sparky.\" He yelled out. Not in a million years would she have predicted this moment. She was sitting in the cafeteria eating mint chocolate chip ice cream with Marsha and Summer. She had initially tried to sneak her way out but after fighting with the cook for a pint of ice cream she began to draw attention to her self and this was how she finally got the ice cream and the company to go along with it as well. \"You know there is this great store in town, has the cutest dresses, if you want to check it out for that school dance we have coming up. Marsha introduced me to it one day.\" Summer said dipping into her pint of ice cream as they walked the halls. Sam sighed. \"Right, that school dance that I no longer have a date for.\" She sighed. Summer cringed. She hadn't meant it as anything spiteful. \"It's still a couple of months away and plus you could have any guy at that school, Kara Burke totally hates you because Josh Evans has the biggest crush on you and she can't even get his attention.\" \"Really?\" Sam asked perking up. Josh Evans was super cute, maybe even cuter than that low life scum Denny or Tyler or whatever the hell his name was now. The girls both laughed. \"Thanks Summer, I know it's hard to get along with me sometimes but you've been a really good…\" She paused trying to think of the word. They still weren't exactly friends were they? Having your boyfriend have a crush on someone who has treated you like dirt and acted like a spoiled bitch for the past couple of months doesn't change over night does it? \"teammate.\" She said settling for that word. Summer smiled until it turned into a frown as they reached Sam's door. Dylan had fallen asleep in front of her door as he awkwardly leaned against it. Summer had taken off down the hall without a word. Sam sighed. She was making progress yet the elephant in the room or rather leaning against her door still hung in the air between them. Dylan was abruptly woken up by the door he was leaning on slamming letting his head slam against the door and cold ice-cream dripping down his face the small pint shoved on his head. He stuck his tongue out. \"Mhmm mint chocolate chip.\" Sam smirked from the other side of the door. He was such an idiot she smiled to herself. She had at least a couple of minutes of peace as Dylan went to take a shower and clean himself up. She looked at herself in the mirror noticing the slight bruising along the sides of her neck. Carter had almost killed her. The knock at the door really shouldn't have surprised her and despite herself she jumped. Another knock. \"Aw C'mon Sparky you're really going to make me sit out here again?\" She rolled her eyes and flung the door open as Dylan came crashing backwards onto her floor. He looked up at her with a sheepish grin. She helped him up as they laughed. She looked at him and willed her heart not to flutter. He was off limits she knew that and yet she couldn't help but be a terrible person and not really care. Dylan brushed a strand of blonde hair back behind her ear. His fingers trailed down her neck along the bruises. \"I'm glad I was there in time.\" He whispered leaning in. She could feel his hot breath against her lips, and despite herself she let her eyelids flutter close. His lips lightly grazed hers barley touching when the base alarm went off. Sam jumped back half a foot her eyes wide looking at him before she grabbed her jacket off her dresser and bolted out the door and down the hall way. Dylan ran his hands through his hair and slammed his fist against her dresser. What the hell was he doing? He quickly followed in her footsteps down the hall. They all met up in the control center listening to general Larraby announce the news that they pinpointed Carters location. Zoom took over battle strategies. \"It's a remote area, which is unusual, so when we pull in we'll be on our guard.\" She sat there quietly listening and yet letting everything pass her by. This was it. This was what she had been waiting for, why she was back at the base and the reason she got herself into this mess with this team. They were going after Carter at this very moment. She hadn't had enough time to prepare herself she thought, what if it came down to this what if she had to kill her own brother, the last of her remaining family. Could she do it? Would she? \"It won't come down to that.\" Dylan said as if reading her mind. She shrugged his hand off coldly fixing in place her perfectly built stone cold wall she had up when she first came here. \"Let's go team.\" Zoom announced heading out the door to the ship. They suited up and prepared to take off. Sam stared out the window a cold and unfaltering look. Dylan sat by himself the whole trip with Summer sitting off to the side. Summer could practically see the conflicting feelings floating in the air. She could feel them. Thing was she wasn't exactly sure who they belonged to Sam, Dylan or herself. She had been upset with Sam and Dylan this entire time partly because Sam was unpleasant to begin with and was encroaching on her territory, her boyfriend, her school her team. She hadn't really thought to find out what she was really going through. She looked over to the blonde who had a fixated stare out the window. She didn't even want to think what she would do if she was currently in her place. Dylan would sneak the odd glance at Sam. He didn't want to crowd her god knows she loved her space especially from him. He just didn't want her to be going through this alone they were a team they were supposed to lean on each other. Conner had informed them that they were about to land and the team assembled in front of the doors. Zoom went first walking out tentatively before waving the rest of them on. Sam's heartbeat raced at the thought of seeing her brother again. Would she have to fight him? Would the others hurt him? She shook her head. She needed a clear head she needed to focus. He wasn't her brother, not right now. \"Look out!\" Dylan yelled pushing Summer out of the way. A fireball had been tossed at her. She looked up at Sam with wide eyes. Carter was here. \"Carter!\" She yelled out her hands putting up a shield as soon as he was near her. She effectively blocked everyone else out as she looked at her brother with pleading eyes. \"Please don't do this.\" She begged. For a moment he almost looked sad. \"I- Can't.\" He said struggling with the words before flames rose up around her. \"Join me.\" She told her eye lit up in an unnatural glow. \"They want you.\" He said but as the flames grew too hot Sam let down her shield letting the rest of her team in. \"I'm sorry.\" She whispered shaking her head. He was too far gone. ","Summary":" Quick Summary: There is a newrn17-year-old girl brought to the base. She is sarcastic, rude andrnst"},{"Movie":"Cloud Atlas","Title":"Everything Is Connected","Author":"Yevdokiya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11831040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A familiar pressure roused Hae-Joo from sleep. He knew before his eyes opened that it was Sonmi, resting her head on his chest again. The weight of her head and the warmth of her breath on him felt good; he could have stayed that way. But now that he was awake, he had to look at her… to know why. He slowly propped himself up on one elbow, causing her to raise her head. As she gazed back at him, she seemed nervous, but not scared—unlike when he had jerked up and startled her the last time, and like so many other times he had seen her frightened since she followed him out of the diner. And she had a look in her eyes… the same look he had seen the first time he awoke to find her resting her head on his chest. It had drawn his face toward hers, before the alarm told him Enforcers were coming; it shone even more clearly now. Could it be…? He could tell she wanted something... needed something. \"Are you all right?\" he asked her softly. She hesitated. Then—\"I know… it is forbidden.\" She drew in her breath, but said no more. Her face was very close to his. His eyes fell to her lips, and his heart began to pound. There was no mistaking her. He had dreamt of this moment, yet he had never allowed himself to hope it would actually happen. Well before they met, Hae-Joo had resolved to treat the ascending fabricant that would be in his care with kindness. He had known that she would greatly need it. However, he had been surprised by the immediate sense of connection he felt to Sonmi-451 when he saw her for the first time in person. Like most so-called pure-bloods, he had never had a conversation with a fabricant. Unlike almost his entire kind, he wished to treat her as his equal; but he had also prepared for an expected difficulty interacting with her, due to the immense gulf that the systems of Unanimity had created between them and enforced throughout their lives. Yet to his surprise, he felt right away that he understood her. She spoke so little, but he found that he could read her thoughts and emotions in her eyes as clearly as he knew his own. He had turned around and startled her, already awake and creeping up hesitantly behind him, and had to convince her not to dart away. Then he had to convince her that her best chance of staying alive, and continuing what he knew to be her ascendance, was in leaving the diner—the only life she knew—with him, a man she'd never seen before, and doubtless the first pure-blood to speak to her beyond giving orders. Immediately. He saw her taking in what he said to her, comprehending, yet utterly bewildered at the same time, and uncertain if she could believe him. The way he spoke to her and acted toward her, even his very appearance in the diner at this hour, toppled the rules of her universe; she was, understandably, very frightened. Yet he saw that she wished to trust him, even in her confusion and fear. He also saw her desire to live: not only to survive, but to live. To think and learn in ways fundamentally forbidden to her, even knowing all too well the price if she were caught. His heart had pounded as she struggled to decide, as if her choice would shape not only his mission, but his very soul. And with her shaking nod of assent, he had felt exhilaration as never before. In the minutes, hours, and days that followed, he had witnessed her awakening self-awareness. He had watched awe and delight fight the fear deep within her as she experienced the things in life he took for granted for the first time. He had seen helpless terror overwhelm her again and again, only to be overcome again and again by courage—courage that her entire creation from genoming through conditioning, with constant reinforcement from the catechisms, was intended to subdue. And it had soon become clear to him how utterly lovely he found her, despite having seen her features and figure many other times among the fabricants of Neo Seoul. For in her ascendance, her face and body expressed her inner being in ways that no other fabricant's had, making them uniquely and beautifully hers . But fabricants, of course, were allowed to possess nothing. It was just one of many ways Unanimity maintained their inferiority and lack of individuality, keeping their status well below that of even the poorest subs. When Sonmi-451 agreed to leave the diner with Hae-Joo, she had been barefoot, clad only in one of the short, papery white sleep shifts that she and her sisters retrieved from their clothing chute every night, and the ever-present metal collar. She had looked thin and helpless, practically naked; he supposed that was exactly as the shift had been designed to make her look. He had brought shoes and a short black cloak for her to wear during her escape, and he quickly took them out of his bag and held them out to her. She stared at them blankly, uncomprehending. \"Put these on, please,\" he told her gently. She looked back at him with huge eyes, and he had to realize that the simple act of donning clothes that did not come from a chute, but a pure-blood's hands, was completely alien to her. But she obeyed, and he felt somewhat relieved when the cloak and shoes were on her slender body and feet. A far cry from the bright, cheery eatery of business hours, the diner was kept dim and grey during the fabricants' sleep shift, revealing it as the prison it always was; she looked cold and vulnerable in it. This was the only home Unanimity had seen fit to give her and her sisters. But soon, she would know the pleasure of a far more comfortable dwelling... if he could manage to get them there safely. He quickly finished destroying the Union monitoring chips concealed throughout the diner. They were no longer needed, and would only give the Enforcers clues in the investigation to come. She watched him silently, eyes ever wide. He finished where he had begun, at the door to the storeroom; a click of the orison, and it slid shut, enclosing the grisly scene within. \"Come,\" he said, leading the way to the half-open security gate... but he could hear that she wasn't following him. He looked back to her where she stood, frozen. For her to have difficulty physically leaving the diner had been expected; he would have to proceed very carefully. He slowly took a step toward her. Abruptly, she darted away. For an instant he thought panic had gotten hold of her, and he tensed to act, to keep her from hurting herself—but she soon stopped before one of the other, closed doors. It was to the lost and found room. With a trembling hand, she touched the slot where an access key would have gone, then looked back at him. There was something like a plea in her eyes; clearly, she wanted him to open the door. She had spent time with Yoona-939 in the lost and found room, time of crucial significance to her ascendance. Perhaps she wanted a last look—or even to take something with her. Any spark of initiative from this timid fabricant was precious, and must be encouraged. He quickly joined her at the door and clicked the orison, opening it. She scurried past him to a carton in the corner, reached inside, and snatched up a small device, a sony or kino— yes . But as she turned back to him, her shoulders were hunched with fear, and her eyes full of terror... even shame. She seemed ready for him to punish her, even as she clutched the item tightly. His pleasure gave way to pity. She had already decided to do what for a fabricant was unthinkable, based solely on his word; but the catechisms were burned deep into her, and handling Consumer property without permission most certainly earned xcisement. She may have decided to trust him and escape, but how could she know what the rules would be from now on? The little device probably had much to do with the whispers and sounds that the monitoring chip had picked up when she and Yoona-939 were in the lost and found room. The fact that Sonmi-451 wished take an object of significance with her into her new life boded very encouragingly for her ascendance, and it could only make their escape easier if it bolstered her courage. It was the closest thing to a possession that she had, and it might even give him something useful to work with as he helped her continue her ascendance. Far from angering him, her spontaneous action elated him, and proved that he had been right about her. But there had been no time to explain all of this to her then; he simply nodded as reassuringly as he could, unable to keep a slight smile from his face. He could see both surprise and relief in her face as she crept out of the room, holding the precious kino tightly. He clicked the door shut and moved again toward the security gate, and this time, she followed him. But as he ducked under the half-open gate, he heard her footsteps slow. He looked back at her from the other side, and she came to a halt, trembling, fearfully eyeing the barrier, the kino grasped before her like a talisman. He held his breath. This was the crucial moment. She had verbally agreed, but now she had to take the irreversible step. His hand went out to her, an instinctive gesture for her to join him... but the choice had to be hers alone. He saw her frightened eyes leave the gate, focusing on him. Then she took a deep breath; bent forward, and darted across. He exhaled in relief as she joined him on the other side. His arm went around her automatically, to steady her, to ward off panic, but triumph roared through his soul: she had done it. He clicked the gate shut, then moved her slowly but firmly toward the lift. She was panting anxiously, peering around as if disoriented, almost staggering; she seemed to welcome his support. Such reactions were only natural, and she showed no signs of more serious trauma. He was glad his arms seemed to help her, for they had a long way to go. Now the journey would truly begin.[Chapter 2] p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"She froze again, trembling, in front of the lift, and again he held out his hand to her. He could hardly blame her. She had witnessed Yoona-939's death as she tried to flee through this same lift mere hours ago. An encouraging smile seemed a better answer to her fearful eyes than any words. He could not promise her that they would get away safely, nor that they would be safe where they were going. He could only do his best to see that they would, and his best effort was likely more capable of that than anyone else's; he tried to convey this assurance to her. He didn't want her to be afraid./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"She gazed at him for a few seconds and then, hesitantly, put her hand in his. Her fingers felt very delicate in his as he drew her inside. He deftly positioned her beside him, released her and programmed the lift. As they began to ascend, he found himself looking at her hands again; her nails were painted bright orange with red tips, one of the standard patterns Papa Song servers received in automatic styling. It was a garish combination, but her hands were slender and graceful in spite of it, even nervously fidgeting with the kino as they were now./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Then they had their first view of the city, its glittering towers, glowing drivetubes and streams of traffic. He turned to her and saw her eyes widening with astonishment, and, yes, wonder, at the sight. He looked back out at the city; it would be dazzling indeed, if you'd never seen anything like it. The thought gave him pleasure, for her sake./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"Welcome to Neo Seoul,\" he told her warmly./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"The lift brought them straight to the door of the driver. He tucked her swiftly into the passenger seat, took manual control, and sped off. The vehicle's previous owners had been Consumers with close Board connections that allowed them a large number of privileges; with their ID-nano lock hacked and overridden, the vehicle would now help Union to safely transport a fabricant, the least privileged being in the Unanimic hierarchy, to freedom. It was completely opaque from the outside, exempt from interior surveillance, automatically bypassed for routine Enforcer stops, and pre-authorized for post-curfew travel and top-speed, priority drivetubes. All of this would increase their chances of evading detection now./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He raced them on a circuitous path across the city at the highest possible speed that wouldn't get him flagged for recklessness, and glanced over at her whenever he could. To his satisfaction, she continued to do very well; her eyes were huge as she watched the city flash by, but she appeared as least as fascinated as she was anxious./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He had to get rid of her collar before she could be discovered missing at the end of the sleep shift. It contained a tracking chip, a technology primarily used by fabricant establishments to recover stolen models when the thieves were too slow or stupid to remove them. Occasionally the chip also aided in locating those rare, so-called defective models that wandered away from their work in a state of disorientation; no fabricant had yet been known to deliberately leave their establishment. Yoona-939 had been the first to attempt it, but she hadn't gotten far, thanks to the collar's other chief function./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Collar removal was a tricky business. The manufacturers programmed them to release only when the fabricant's brain function ceased. There were plenty of tinkerers employed by black market dealers in Old Seoul who could get a collar off, but with varying degrees of success as far as the fabricants concerned; besides that, Hae-Joo had set up their safe house in Neo Seoul rather than the old city. But he had been able to make arrangements with Ovid, a retired surgeon and Union sympathizer in Neo Seoul who had helped Hae-Joo and his comrades dig out ID-nanos and the like for years. He was a generous soul, if a man of few, gruff words and a strangely hoarse voice; a calm figure in white who somehow radiated a sense of enlightenment attained. And he was very clever with his hands… though he'd never removed a fabricant collar before./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Soon they were at Ovid's secret workshop. The wrinkled man bowed silently to them, and gestured to a stained and beat-up operating chair. Hae-Joo quietly explained to his nervous charge what was about to happen as he helped her remove her cloak and got her settled in the chair, letting her continue to clutch the kino in her fist. With great care, Ovid examined the collar through molecular micro-spectacles and placed marking devices on the collar. Then, taking up his specially modified laser cutter, Ovid warned her gruffly to keep very still, and—rather unnecessarily, Hae-Joo thought—tapped the location of the collar's termination charge, explaining that it contained just enough power to blow her carotid artery./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"As the laser hissed to life, she made a tiny, frightened sound, and shut her eyes tightly. Hae-Joo felt his jaw clench; his eyes flickered to Ovid's face, then back to the laser slowly burning through the metal collar, micrometers from the carefully marked charge. He trusted Ovid, without quite knowing why, but the terror on Sonmi-451's face as she held herself motionless disturbed him greatly... not to mention the proximity of both the termination charge and the blue-hot laser cutter to her throat./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"The manufacturers were clever. The charge would detonate if the collar's magnetic field was breached by a conventional laser; while complex laser tools like Ovid's would not trigger this feature, the weakest and therefore best point to cut the magnetic field was practically on top of the termination charge itself. Just one little slip of the man's hands, or a tiny twitch from the frightened fabricant in the chair.../span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"The hiss of the laser ceased as the severed collar snapped open, and Hae-Joo exhaled. Ovid reached down and pried the collar off, and Hae-Joo noted that it held three stars. It was a startling reminder of how brief her life thus far had been, and the shortness of fabricants' lives in general. They emerged from the wombtanks at the stage of physical development their manufacturers had determined optimal for their duties, and they aged only minimally during their subsequent twelve years of service. The developmental age for Papa Song servers was approximately twenty-five years, but right now, the creature before him seemed much younger; and in a very real sense, she was./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Hae-Joo watched her slim fingers trace her newly free neck, and wondered what it would be like to touch one's entire neck for the first time. Hers looked long, slender, and fragile... \"How does it feel?\" he asked, his gaze returning to her face. How innocent she seemed, looking up at him with those wide eyes./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"emGood/em,\" came her shy but vehement reply. And he realized that he already felt fiercely protective of her./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\" /span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Hae-Joo had carefully weighed the decision of where they should hide immediately after her escape. In the end, he had concluded that while the slums offered their usual anonymity, taking his charge straight there posed two critical problems. Primarily, it would force a longer, more complicated journey on a fabricant whose conditioning could cause a life-threatening behavioral backlash at any moment; in addition, the old city, chaotic even in the middle of the night, could be such a bewilderingly new experience for her that it could in itself trigger dangerous trauma./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"No, the fabricant would need a peaceful, carefully controlled environment for at least the first few days after leaving the diner. So Hae-Joo had prepared a safe house in a skyscraper like many others, in an area of Neo Seoul that he was very familiar with. He could only hope that the swift but carefully roundabout route he had taken from the diner to Ovid's and onward would take the Enforcers a bit of time to piece together, longer than the isolation period before the fabricant was ready to be taken to old Seoul. If worse came to worse, the entrances to the building as well as the door to the flat would be under constant Union surveillance, allowing for early warning of any sign of Enforcers; tampering with the door would send an additional alert to his sony, and the maximum security system would buy them a little more time, should they have to implement the swift escape procedure he'd prepared./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Luck remained with them on their swift journey from Ovid's workshop to the safe house. Soon, he was helping her into the flat, setting the habitat orison spinning as the security system closed behind them. With a few clicks, his habitat selections flowed over the bare grey walls and floor. He had taken a bit of time with them early in his planning, wanting the fabricant's first dwelling to be soothing, yet stimulating, and he had felt rather satisfied with the deep blue walls, the animation of the tree with slowly falling blossoms and the sky effects on the screen, the crisp white storage shelves and warm red floor mats. But it was her reaction that mattered, and even from the corner of his eye, he could see her anxiety ease as the habitat took shape around them. This pleased him./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Yet he couldn't help putting a sobering sight up on the wall viewscreen: an aerial view of Old Seoul. As they took in the dark spectacle of the drowned skyscrapers and choked slums just beyond the damway, he told her that the newer city was likely to look the same way in less than a century. Somehow, he thought she should know right away of the encroaching ruin, the black truth alongside the splendor of this new world above the ground. She moved closer to the screen, gazing intently; he wished he could know what she was thinking./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He gave her a brief tour of the flat, explaining everything as simply as he could, trying to put her at ease. As he did, he was suddenly very much aware of how much time he was about to spend with her, alone, in this limited space. He had known this in advance. It was his duty—he'd practically insisted on it. And yet now that that duty had begun, he had to acknowledge he felt somewhat... awkward./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He tried to dismiss it. The two of them had immensely important and difficult work ahead of them, and only by focusing on it entirely could he best help her; his feelings, however normal, were only a distraction. Yet despite his efforts, he found himself tensing with anticipation as she peered into the closet, full of new clothes for her./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Her hand moved haltingly toward the colorful, soft fabrics. \"Mine? But these are—pure-blood clothes.\" Her eyes were wide with surprise; perhaps even a tiny, hesitant pleasure. But she didn't dare believe him yet./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"A nervous laugh nearly escaped him; something about that gaze simply disarmed his defenses. \"No,\" he assured her. \"They are yours.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"She spent a couple minutes gingerly fingering bits of her new wardrobe while he stood and watched. He felt a bit silly, yet he didn't want to look away either… and there was nothing else for him to do at that moment. Finally, he gently suggested that she choose an outfit to put on./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"This seemed to trigger her reflex to obey, unquestioningly—hardly what he'd been after, but understandable. With smooth, precise movements, she went to the table and put the kino down for the first time. She returned to the closet, reached without apparent thought for a blue tunic and laid it on the shelf. He realized it was almost the same color as the Papa Song server outfit, and pursed his lips. Well, it only made sense for her to go for something familiar the first time./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"She removed the black cloak and looked around—she was probably looking for a disposal chute like the one in the diner. Finding none, she laid the cloak on the table next to the kino. She stepped out of the black shoes; hesitated. Then her hands moved toward the hem of her shift, took hold of it, and stopped. And he abruptly remembered that she was used to undressing in full view of her sisters./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"Not here,\" he explained swiftly. \"You can change in the bathroom. You can shower too, if you like.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Then it struck him that in his explanations of the flat, he had forgotten to show her the bathroom. And that even assuming she would consider the bathroom a logical place to change clothes was assuming too much. It was just one of the many concepts that he, a so-called pure-blood, took for granted that was completely alien to a fabricant. She would be accustomed to a hygiener, and little modesty. Still, she had stopped herself... was she already developing a sense of modesty as she ascended? Then again, diner servers were not accustomed to being nude around emConsumers/em, just sisters. It was only natural for her to feel shy to undress in front of a man… him./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He quickly cut off any more thoughts of her undressing, and showed her the bathroom. Fortunately, she seemed to grasp the facilities readily. Fabricant hygieners weren't much different from bathrooms, actually; they were just designed for efficient collective use, rather than privacy. Privacy itself would be a whole new concept for her... he wanted to get her reading a bit of philosophy soon, to give her a foundation on many of the new concepts she would be putting into practice. But he could see that they would have to begin a bit simpler./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"As the door closed behind her, his eyes fell on the kino on the table. He considered for a moment whether it was appropriate for him to examine it. If he was to help her ascend, he needed to understand how she thought and felt, at this point of her development and continuing... but what would she think if she came out and saw him handling her apparent treasure? He had better wait, and ask her about it when she returned./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He heard the water of the shower turn on. She would be in there at least a few minutes yet; he could certainly manage a quick look. He was also unable to contain his curiosity any longer, so he picked it up and clicked it on./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"A scene from the middle of an old vidi began, the sound slightly distorted and the picture flickering. A grey-haired, bespectacled man declared, \"This is a violation of the ruddy incarceration act!\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Tim Cavendish. A pre-Unanimic classic he'd enjoyed a couple times in his youth. The sudden mental vision of Sonmi-451 and Yoona-939 huddled around this cheesy caper in the diner's lost and found room made him smile./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"I will not be subjected to criminal abuse!\" Cavendish continued. The line resonated strangely in him… he had heard it a lot more recently than his youth. And the smile left his face./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Those had been Yoona-939's last words before her futile escape attempt. Though appropriate enough, they had seemed an enigmatic choice when he viewed the surveillance vidi of the last minute of that clever, unfortunate fabricant's life; now he knew why she had picked them. So she had tried to follow the example of Cavendish, defiantly marching toward the doors of his prison-like elderly home. Bitterness filled Hae-Joo once again at the thought of Union's failure, the loss of Yoona-939 and her outstanding potential…/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Then the vidi jerked back to the point where it had begun. \"This is a violation of the ruddy incarceration act!\" Cavendish started again. The device was corrupted, playing one short scene over and over./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"His heart fell. This kino must have been the heart of the sisters' secret meetings; it had inspired Yoona-939 to unthinkable boldness, and was so dear to Sonmi-451 that she had risked unknown consequences to snatch it, and clung to it like a child in her fear. Yet it didn't even work properly, and showed only a fragment of a story. He supposed only beings who were allowed nothing could make so much out of something so small./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He tried to focus on the positive. It was no wonder Sonmi-451 had wanted to take this with her. It was not only a token of her sister, and the one probable source of fun she'd had in her life; clearly, she as well as her sister must have grasped the theme of freedom in the one scene that the kino played. If the broken device had helped Yoona-939 find the boldness to fight her situation, and Sonmi-451 the courage to follow him out of the diner, then it was a precious thing indeed./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Actually, this vidi could provide the perfect first step in her education. Before he got her started on philosophy and science, they could watch the whole thing together. It told a story of escape and rebirth in an easily accessible way, and she already had a deep connection to it—or to one scene, at least./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He quickly digited it on the orison and set up the habitat's theater system. It would be his gift to her—her first. The clothes didn't count, for clothing, like food, was a necessity. And screw education; they could begin that tomorrow. This was just something for her to enjoy, to put her at ease on her very first night of freedom... something he found himself looking forward to giving her./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Even after he heard the water cease, a while passed; he could hear slight movements, and wondered briefly what she was doing. Well, the bathroom was equipped with a mirror, all-cleaner-drier-styler, and basic cosmetics, in addition to the shower and toilet, all typical Consumer things that she was free to use; as long as she remained as rational and free of trauma as she seemed, none of them could harm her, nor were they any of his business. He took off his shoes—he did, after all, plan to stay here with her a while—and digited some Corporate weapons journals comrades had procured for him recently to pass the time, and soon became absorbed./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"When Sonmi finally emerged in the first non-fabricant outfit she had ever worn, his heart skipped a beat./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He honestly couldn't even remember picking the gracefully draped blue tunic she had on, but he was certainly glad now that he had. Despite the color, she looked nothing like a diner server in it... just a very pretty young woman./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"But it was her opinion of the clothing that mattered, not his. And he suddenly, fervently wished her to be pleased with at least one of his hasty selections. He had thought it important that the fabricant in his charge be able to select her own clothes, and good ones at that, after wearing identical, disposable outfits and shifts her entire life; but it had been easiest for him to just order a few high-quality collections in contrasting styles for her to choose from, all of which looked vaguely nice at a glance, and be done with it. There had been little enough time to make preparations for her arrival, and although he had many skills, clothes shopping wasn't really among them./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"Do you like them?\" he asked, hopefully./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Her small, hesitant nod of assent filled him with pleasure. \"You look lovely,\" he heard himself say, as his eyes lingered./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Now, what had he been meaning to do when she came out...? Of course. He quickly shut down the weapons digis and busied himself putting the seats in place for their vidi viewing, feeling slightly embarrassed at what he had said. Yet she emdid/em look lovely. Why should he feel embarrassed? It was the truth. She had come a couple steps closer, and he was gazing at her again. He quickly picked up the kino. Feeling eager and sheepish at the same time, he explained what he had done./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"This used to play vidis, but the chip is corrupted; stuck in a loop. So I digited—found the rest of it.\"/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"\"The rest of it?\" she queried, not understanding./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He could hardly hold back his grin as he presented her with the vidi's title credits, musical flourish and all, and watched the awe light up her face./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He enjoyed the viewing even more than he had expected to. It was quite a cheesy vidi; he felt more nostalgia for it than anything. But it thrilled him to imagine the wonder she must feel at experiencing the entire vidi and story—indeed, emany /emvidi, and any story—for the first time. Sneaking glances at her now and then confirmed this: her rapt attention as she utterly gave herself over to the experience, the way her eyes shone… were there tears in them at the end? He couldn't be sure. But he was certain that she had been deeply moved, and that both delighted and moved him in turn./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Yes, from their first hour together, his time with Sonmi had been full of such moments. Yet all of them could not explain the connection he felt the first time he lay eyes on her, before he had known her even a second. He couldn't explain it. It had been like recognizing the dearest of friends… long lost, and finally found again./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He had known she would be utterly lost against the brutal systems of their world if he failed to protect her. And he had come horribly, horribly close to losing her, several times./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He had of course been fully aware of the importance of protecting the ascending fabricant, the greatest hope of the Union Movement, before his mission started. But his protectiveness went far deeper than this responsibility. It just felt so natural for him to want her to be safe, comfortable and close to him, always. And it tore him apart when she was in danger, fear or pain./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"It was his very protectiveness that had made him try to crush his growing… attraction. That wasn't the right word, though sexual attraction was certainly part of it. Sexual expression was the right of all free beings, and he wasn't ashamed of feeling physically attracted to her. She emwas/em beautiful. But such feelings on his part came with a host of issues./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Sexual contact between fabricants and consumers was not forbidden, exactly. There were plenty of fabricants in the sex industry, both officially and in the black market of stolen and resold models. Corporate sex venues involved strict procedures for fabricants regarding solicitation, arousal, and practically every last detail of any given sex act, while Consumers were limited only by their imaginations. The rules for fabricants in the black market were far more lax, as, ostensibly, preconditioned models could only be crudely trained beyond their original functions. Regardless, as in the Corporate market, the Consumer ruled every encounter. But non-commercial sexual contact between pure-bloods and fabricants was both taboo and expressly prohibited. According to Unanimity, born and manufactured life were not to couple unless the transaction was bought and paid for./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Even pure-bloods caught having non-commercial sex with fabricants faced punishment. Everyone knew it occurred from time to time; the most frequent scenarios involved Seers taking advantage of fabricants under their supervision, often in the same sex venues where such interactions were sold, though not always. While such pure-bloods, if caught, were labeled deviants and thrown in prison for a time, the fabricants were without exception xcised./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Yet, cruelly, fabricants were equally subject to xcisement if they made active attempts to prevent such exploitation. All models were conditioned to tolerate any form of violation or abuse of their bodies by pure-bloods, though their specific responses depended both on the act and their place of service. At Papa Song's, fabricants were conditioned to smile placidly when Consumers hit or groped them, and to simply go about their work as much as they were able. Hard labor fabricants were often allowed no reaction to discomfort, whether from work accidents or the rare beating by an overzealous Seer; slowing their work pace could even trigger collar detonation. All fabricants were made to viscerally understand what was expected of them, their so-called catechisms, during their behavioral conditioning phase, as well as the consequences of transgression. And despite its inhumanity, this conditioning ensured that they retained an instinct for self-preservation. Fabricant conditioning methods were closely guarded Corporate secrets; even the memories of the fabricants themselves were wiped, while their acquired instincts were retained. But Union had obtained access to a great amount of sinister Unanimic research in fabricant conditioning. According to all known data, conditioned fabricants confronted with pure-blood behavior that violated their catechisms went unresponsive, simply ignoring forbidden activities until they ended; this included even sexual models placed in non-commercial sex scenarios./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"The only known counterexample to this had been Yoona-939. No explanation for her anomalous behavior existed, other than the fact that she had been the only other fabricant known to have begun the process of ascension. And her relationship with her sexual partner, the Seer who ultimately destroyed her, had been… twisted... to put it lightly./span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"Hae-Joo knew too well that Sonmi's conditioning, even broken, was very much a part of her. This, combined with the sickening knowledge of how her sister Yoona-939 had been used, had made acting on his attraction to Sonmi seem unthinkable; this, as well as the truth of her higher purpose in Union's ultimate plan, far more important than the feelings of any human individual could be…/span/p p class=\"MsoNormal\" style=\"mso-margin-top-alt: auto; mso-margin-bottom-alt: auto; line-height: normal;\"span style=\"font-size: 13.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif'; mso-fareast-font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: black;\"He knew that she trusted him. It almost pained him, how deeply and unquestioningly she had trusted him from the very beginning. He had known then that her trust was yet unearned, and had been fiercely determined that, as she grew in awareness, she should never come to regret it./span/p[Chapter 3] Early the second day, Hae-Joo had spun the orison, opened the encrypted Union web link, and carefully selected the reading materials and docuvidis that would begin Sonmi's study of her world. He started with background information on the vidi they had watched together, and transitioned gradually to a sampling of philosophy, history, literature and science. He placed almost no limit on the information she would be able to access. All sensitive Union digis were locked under his officer code, but he left available general information on the Movement, open to any member or sympathizer with access to the encrypted link. It wasn't nearly time yet to explain his involvement in the rebellion, nor its ultimate plan. But if she proved able to research by herself, it would be good if she were able to come across the idea that there was a rebellion against Unanimity, on her own. The only topics he locked were related to the truth behind what she knew as xultation. The horror just beyond what was to her a joyful annual ritual, an eagerly anticipated journey to freedom, would be far too traumatic for her to learn by digi. He didn't yet know exactly how he would tell her the truth; they could only go one step at a time, and that one was still a long way ahead. She sat quietly in a corner as he worked, her eyes scrupulously avoiding the Consumer digis, just as she had been conditioned. She had nothing to do, absolutely nothing to occupy her mind while she waited for whatever would happen next... but that was about to change. He summoned her politely. \"Could you come over here?\" She came quickly, eyes still averted from the digis. She had chosen a soft white dress and a loose grey robe today, and she looked dainty and homey at the same time. As she stood there, waiting, she seemed cautious… but also a tiny bit eager. That was a very good sign, yet he had to remind himself to remain cautious as well. Yesterday, he had removed her from the only life she knew and launched one bewildering surprise at her after another; but so far, despite her fear, all had turned out to be interesting and pleasant. This could be different. He'd introduce it as delicately as possible. \"There are things you should know,\" he said quietly, gesturing at the digis. Confusion filled her eyes; followed by shock. Then she began to pant rapidly, her eyes huge with terror—and he had to turn away for a moment. For something to do, he reached into the digis and pulled the docuvidi on Solzhenitsyn to the top. The banned writer, who'd already been censored during his lifetime in a much smaller, earlier totalitarian state, had but a tenuous connection to the Tim Cavendish narrative. But he thought she ought to hear certain of his words first; they summed up well why she needed to be exposed to all of this, even if she couldn't grasp them initially. She could come back to them later once she began to understand. First, however, he had to help her get past her fear. It bothered him more than he wanted to admit to see how much even the suggestion that she begin to learn frightened her. But then, he realized that even fear was a start. An obedient fabricant would have merely looked away, tried to ignore the anti-catechism; shut off her mind even if he commanded her or physically forced her to look. And that he would never do. No, Sonmi could do this. She just had to decide to do it… how could he best help her? He hesitated. \"But…\" he heard her stammer, and turned back to her. \"Seer Chang…\" And he was surprised by the anger that flared in him when she addressed him so. To her, it must only seem logical to call him that. He was, after all, a pure-blood engaging her in non-commercial conversation, and he'd been telling her what he wanted her to do, if in an indirect, courteous way. Only Seers had contact with fabricants outside working hours, and she had seen him in her new dwelling up till the moment she had closed her eyes the night before, and immediately upon waking the next morning. He had taken a strong stimulant to ensure he would be able to watch her constantly the first night, during her sleep, and into the next day. He had needed to see if she could rest without soap, and to react immediately if she experienced any trauma. After they finished the vidi, he had given her a carton of liquid protein to try, replacing the soap feeding that was routine for her before sleep with the closest substitute possible. She had seemed to like it well enough. It had been weirdly mesmerizing to watch her drink: she sat absolutely still, her eyes staring into space, slowly and evenly sipping the liquid down through the straw until it was gone. Then, it had seemed as good a time as any to ask if she felt ready to sleep. She nodded, so he showed her which of her clothes were for sleeping. She went into the bathroom to change into a grey nightgown without any further prompting from him. While he waited for her, he dimmed the lights, but kept a rosy glow on the pink trees of the habitat screen. It ought to be soothing enough for sleep, yet would be sufficient to observe her carefully. He watched her stare down at the first bed of her life, a simple mattress with a small pillow and a light blanket. She seemed puzzled by the last two things, having had none in her sleep box; he had to help her as she lay down, positioning her head on the pillow and drawing the blanket over her. Somehow it felt familiar, and warmed him inexplicably, to sit next to her bed afterward and watch her. She clearly didn't like the pillow, and he let her move it aside. He told her that the blanket was for warmth, and she might feel cooler in the open flat than in the sleep box she was used to. She kept the blanket on for another minute or so, but then pulled it off too. He didn't push the matter. When she had lain wide-eyed for several minutes, he realized she was reflexively waiting for the sedative effect of soap to kick in, now absent. \"Just close your eyes, and let yourself fall asleep if you feel like it,\" he said quietly. She closed her eyes obediently. In a short time, she did seem to fall asleep; he couldn't be absolutely sure, but her breaths came at very even intervals. She breathed faster than he did, like all fabricants, yet the rapid, steady rhythm was reassuring to him. Probably the shock of the previous day and the interruption of her last sleep cycle had been enough to compensate for the missing sedatives. Good. He hadn't liked the thought of giving her any more drugs; it was too much like soap. She had already successfully ingested the… different liquid protein mixture without any psychotropic additives, and he'd prefer to keep it that way. She lay perfectly straight and still. He supposed fabricants must, in those narrow sleep boxes—they were more like storage bins than anything else. The genomic manufacturers had not been able to entirely eliminate the need for fabricants to sleep, but they had gotten it down to a trim four hours. Papa Song diners simply closed to Consumer business while the servers slept; other types of establishments might have fabricants sleep in staggered shifts in order to continue work around the clock. The sedatives in soap were to ensure that all fabricants fell asleep at the same time after a work shift, and that none awoke in their locked boxes until they automatically opened, and all the workers were revived simultaneously by airborne stimulant before the next shift. It was all incredibly, brutally efficient. She might not be able to sleep uninterrupted through this first cycle without the sedatives, and she could be disoriented, even seriously traumatized, when she awoke. So he had good reason to stay awake and watch her. It wasn't a difficult task; the stimulant was an excellent one, and he felt neither drowsy nor jittery. It even felt good now to be able to just sit quietly and watch her lying there peacefully. During the escape he had been concerned first with stealthily breaking into the diner, then with convincing her to come with him; then with getting her out, uncollared, through the city and to the safe house in secret and in one piece. Then, even after they were securely enclosed in the flat, he hadn't been able to relax, but had been constantly alert observing her every move, showing her strange new things… surprising her to her core, and, admittedly, being surprised by her in turn. Though he was relatively relaxed now, he still watched her intently for any signs of a delayed traumatic response, and he had a swift-acting tranquilizer on him if he needed it. Unanimic experiments had reported horribly violent reactions in fabricants forced to act against their conditioning; however, all that she had experienced to this point had been the direct result of her own decision to leave the diner, and that seemed to make the difference. All seemed to be unfolding just as Mitchell had theorized it would, and Hae-Joo could only hope that Union's daring, desperate undertaking would continue to progress as smoothly as it had thus far. Her grey nightgown was longer and softer than the sleep shift she had worn before. Still, she looked bare and vulnerable lying there… she could grow cold and wake up. Taking a calculated risk, Hae-Joo took the discarded blanket and, with utmost delicacy, drew it over her again. She didn't stir. She was fast asleep. It was an oddly beautiful vigil. His body was wide awake, his eyes ever focused on her. But as she slept on, he allowed himself to meditate, as he regularly did when duty involved long hours of watchful waiting. He took in the visions that often came to him in meditation without question or surprise, accepting the mysterious, unknowable world beyond this life. He saw the old sailing ship. The dark-skinned friend who cared for him in his illness. The pale doctor who forced foul potions down his throat, fingering the blue gems of the waistcoat buttons on his trembling, sweat-soaked chest. He saw the savage, flesh-eating tribesmen slaughtering his young boy, then him in the forest, while he cried out to the doctor for help; but no, it was someone else he cried out for, a friend, a family member, who somehow reminded him of the doctor, and who never appeared to aid him. He saw Boardman Mephi in the guise of a bulky, brutal woman, and he felt himself filled with rage so drunk and pure, it was delicious. He heard the bittersweet, melancholy musical theme that often accompanied his jumbled visions, a theme he knew very well: now sought on the keys of an old piano by a feverish young man, oblivious in his inspiration; now sung by an angelic chorus of fabricants filing onto a processing ship, blissful and unknowing. Finally, the slender, red-haired beauty embraced him passionately again, as she always did, she for whom he had longed so much… except now, she had Sonmi's face. He flew back to current reality as the eyes of the Sonmi before him opened. She jerked upright and tore off the blanket, looking around with quick, panicked movements, without comprehension. His muscles tensed, but he didn't move to restrain her—yet. He was ready to act in less than a second if he must. But as her eyes flashed across his, he saw recognition, and he could almost hear her rapid heartbeats slowing to their normal swift pace. The redhead's lovely smile flickered across his mind one last time before vanishing. She looked around again, and he could see her recall the previous night and where she was. It seemed that she was able to integrate her recent, conditioning-shattering experiences with the present… and about four hours had passed, her typical sleep cycle. Success all around. She turned back to him, looking shaken, yet somehow expectant. \"Good morning,\" he said, brightening the screens to sunrise light. His words were foreign to her, as Papa Song servers knew just one greeting and farewell to say to Consumers at any time of the day, and they never received reciprocal courtesy, just orders. But she clearly sensed the friendliness behind the phrase. She spoke no response, yet something like a real smile played across her lips… another first. He had gone to the orison to set up her digis with almost a skip in his step. But now, having seen the anxiety that the mere idea of learning caused her, and then heard her address him as a Seer, his light mood had soured. Damn Unanimity. Well, calling him a Seer was a relatively minor thing, easily corrected. He controlled his frustration, and said with polite insistence, \"Please, you must call me Hae-Joo.\" Let him never hear that word combined with his name from her again. She was startled, but complied. \"Hae-Joo…\" He couldn't help an involuntary shiver as she looked at him and spoke his name for the first time... and did he imagine, or did she notice this? But then she quickly looked away from him and the digis once more, reverting to her familiar, if broken conditioning. \"Fabricants can be xcised for this.\" He nodded in acknowledgement of the fact. But they were both well aware that she had crossed that line already, days ago. She had moved irreversibly into this strange new world, and he knew that despite her anxiety, her mind was ripe for this, the next step in her journey. \"Well, survival often demands our courage,\" he said in a low voice. For an instant, a dark-skinned face flashed across his memory, with earnest, desperate eyes... He looked back at Sonmi with compassion. The courage that she needed to begin her study was the same courage she had shown yesterday when she followed him out of the diner, leaving slavery behind. She had done so because she wanted to live; she had chosen to trust him when he told her what she must do if she wanted to live. She had known that there would be no turning back. Now, in order for her to begin to understand her life, and thus to live freely, she must continue to trust him. In doing so, she would have to let go of all she knew. He knew it was immensely frightening for her, but he was also certain that she could do it. She must believe him... for he believed in her, even before she could herself. All of this passed between them without a word. She looked back at him, and he saw that she understood. Then, she came to view the digis. He briefly demonstrated how to manipulate them and how to pull up additional references for anything she wanted. Then he started the Solzhenitsyn vidi and left her to it. \" Art is not defiled by our efforts, neither does it thereby depart from its true nature, but on each occasion and in each application it gives to us a part of its secret inner light…\" As Hae-Joo moved away, he could already see her anxiety giving way to intense concentration. He watched her closely for a few minutes and saw no signs of further trauma. That relieved him immensely. He had hated seeing her suffer. He blocked the vidi's sound from his aural nerve and, in the silence, contemplated the duty ahead. It had been decided by Union in advance that the ascending fabricant would never be left alone, and that it would be best for her to have a single figure as guardian and mentor for the first few highly confusing and risky days. One person to watch for and deal with any trauma, to answer the questions she would doubtless have during her studies, and to flee with her and protect her if the Enforcers burst in… as they could at any moment. Hae-Joo, who had been in on the plan from the beginning, had strongly pushed this concept. The fewer people involved, the more quick and focused the fabricant's learning would be, the less dangerously overwhelming the beginning of her new life. He had an escape plan he could implement within seconds; while he hoped they would never have to use it, he believed that his usual allies of speed, strength, precision and surprise would enable him to get them out safely if they did. Frankly, he had felt that he was the only agent in Nea So Copros with the unique skill set required for this duty. There was one other he would have trusted, his old friend Mitchell, without whom they never would have developed this plan in the first place. But Mitchell was a Union spy, working high up in the Unanimic hierarchy of United AmerCorpia for many years now. He had been the one to access the secret fabricant research of a coalition of AmerCorporations, and he had been the first to conceive the idea of recruiting a fabricant to the Union cause. The idea had been embraced by all the rebel collectives, and agents had been searching for fabricants with the potential for free will all over the world ever since. However, in over a year of searching, only two such fabricants had been discovered, and both had been here in Neo Seoul. Hae-Joo knew Mitchell would long to meet her, the flesh-and-blood, free-willed fabricant of his dreams; perhaps one day, he would have the opportunity… But for the beginning of her journey, General Apis had agreed that Hae-Joo was the best choice to guard and guide her during her ascendance. For the next few days, until he believed her ready to be brought out of isolation, Sonmi-451 would be his sole responsibility. Direct communication between the flat and Union during this period was to be by brief coded signals, except in dire emergency. Hae-Joo waited until she had been studying steadily for fifteen minutes. Then he sent, All proceeding very well. Afterward, he spun his spare orison and ate a couple protein packs while reading through the most recent officer communiqués. As usual, the rebellion was struggling on all fronts just to survive, and not be exterminated like vermin. He finished perusing the weapons digis he had pulled up the previous night. Then he put in a couple hours of exercise, followed by a quick shower. He listened to a lot of music as the hours went by—shinawi, late 20th century American rock, centuries-old symphonies, all fed by his sony straight to his aural nerve so as not to disturb her, and on lowest priority in case anything else required his attention. But almost the entire time Hae-Joo occupied himself, he also watched her. And as morning flowed into afternoon, he was amazed by her concentration. She read and watched all of his selections, opened countless references and read all of those; constantly started new docuvidis, paused and resumed and skipped among them, opened references for references and read those too… on and on and on, with no sign of tiring. Such starting and stopping and dancing among topics would have driven him crazy, but she seemed to thrive on it. And she paid him not the slightest bit of attention, whether to ask him a question or even to notice what he was doing. Over the first hour or so, her expression shifted from somber focus to passionate engagement. The speed of her reading also increased, exponentially—no one had been able to guess how well fabricants of her stemtype, or any for that matter would be able to read Consumer material, as it was something they never did. However, she appeared to be capable of reading just as fast as Hae-Joo could, which was saying something, as he was both naturally quick and better educated than the average Consumer. Sometimes she gave an excited vocalization, and she appeared utterly delighted by frequent flashes of new understanding. She was showing far more curiosity and intelligence than Union had ever hoped to see in a fabricant, even Yoona-939. It was like watching a flower blossom. It should have been a rather boring day for Hae-Joo, yet he couldn't recall a more engaging one in recent memory… and it was all through observation of her. He guessed focus and single-mindedness were traits for which fabricants were genomed and conditioned. They were intended to work long hours without pause or distraction, to give efforts as fresh at the end of a nineteen hour shift as at the beginning, and to make no mistakes. Yet to see such untiring concentration, intended for slave labor but now employed in learning was… beautiful. And what made it most gorgeous of all was how clearly Sonmi was enjoying herself. At late afternoon, Hae-Joo felt the stimulant beginning to wear off. He considered whether to take another dose right then or to let himself sleep for an hour first. He had been prepared to stay awake for the entire first forty-eight hours she was in his charge, or even longer; however, it seemed that wouldn't be necessary. He did want to be able to watch her sleep again that night, and possibly subsequent nights, as waking up had been the only time she had shown panic thus far. He had to admit to himself that he didn't mind watching her at any time. But he couldn't take stimulants indefinitely; fatigue would catch up eventually, with a vengeance. However, he could prolong the time before the inevitable crash through some judicious naps. It made sense to rest now, while she remained happily occupied, and save the next dose for the night, when she seemed more vulnerable. \"Sonmi...\" he said softly, hating to interrupt her. She swiftly turned to face him for the first time since she had begun to view the digis; she appeared pleased that he had spoken to her. What a silly thought. Yet she did seem pleased, as she gazed at him... and he realized he had trailed off before adding her numerical suffix. The only other time he had used her name in her presence had been in the diner, a moment after he first glimpsed her, complete with suffix, but it had felt awkward to him then. He had been opposed to the principle of model and make designations for fabricants for a long time already, and it felt even more wrong in practice to give a timid, \"fabricated,\" yet no less human creature a numerical designation when he addressed her. But it was part of her name; the make number differentiated her from hundreds of other fabricants that shared the same features as her. The Union audio chip had picked up Yoona-939 addressing her sister by her model name and, instead of the number, a subspeak suffix signifying kinship. This mode of address seemed to have been a particularity of Yoona-939, and in fact, fabricants rarely had occasion to address one another at all. But individual Papa Song venues never contained more than one fabricant of a particular model, except for those few minutes a year when a replacement arrived for an older model being led off to… retirement. So other than a few short minutes at the beginning of her servitude, she had been the only Sonmi in the diner for her entire life. And she had at least once been called by her name, without a number, by her first, now deceased friend. And so, Hae-Joo decided to call her just Sonmi from now on. It was fitting for him to mentally rename her at that moment, because her face had visibly changed since the morning. The stimulation and pleasure of learning had made it glow, and brought new liveliness to her eyes. He couldn't help smiling at her; then, he stifled a yawn. \"I'm going to sleep for an hour. You can call me if you need anything, I'll wake up.\" She gazed at him silently, her expression suddenly concerned. \"Uh... is that okay with you?\" he asked gently. He could certainly stay awake, if she preferred. She seemed to consider it carefully for a moment, but then she nodded. It amused him that she had considered the question so thoroughly. How kind of her, after due reflection, to permit me a bit of rest. He needed neither darkness nor a bed to sleep, but since a mat and extra bedding had come with the habitat furnishings, he might as well get comfortable. He got the mat and pillow out of the closet, placed them at a respectful distance from her, and lay down fully dressed—best to be ready for anything, phaser and tranquilizer in his pocket. He programmed a wake-up in an hour on his sony, and fell asleep swiftly.[Chapter 4] It seemed that the wake-up trilled in his ear only a minute later, but he was far too well trained for anything as mundane as sleepiness to interfere with him getting up when he had to. Besides that, his thoughts were so instantly of Sonmi, that nothing could have kept his eyes from opening to check on her. To his surprise, she was looking straight at him as he sat up and turned to her. Well, she had probably heard him stir. But once again, she looked as if she were trying to figure out something… almost as if she were working on a complex mathematical problem in her head. \"Do you have a question?\" he heard himself ask. He couldn't help hoping she would ask him something, anything, and he felt a bit disappointed when she blinked and shook her head. Still, she kept staring at him, and he at her. He finally broke the surreal fascination of it all by clearing his throat and standing up. He quickly downed his next dose of stimulant. While he waited for it to kick in, he got ready for another round of exercise. There was nothing else to do, and it would help clear his grogginess. But then, he felt hesitant to take off his shirt and begin. What was the matter with him? He always exercised without a shirt… was it because of her? But he had done it that morning without a second thought, while she sat right there. What was different now? The difference is, she's watching you now, the voice in his head told him. He didn't look in her direction, but he could see out the corner of his eye that it was true. While that morning, she had remained completely absorbed in her study as he moved about, she was now quite clearly sneaking glances at him between her digis. So? She was ascending, and curious. It was all natural… even good. He would just have to shut her out somehow, or he'd go crazy with self-consciousness. He had already done his usual speed and strength training that morning, so after warming up, he started a challenging series of lifts and poses that required more concentration, and wouldn't give him many chances to look at her. He focused inward while he slowly went through the series, and as he lost himself in the exercises, he allowed his thoughts to wander. He was just used to solitude; to spending much of his time, whether on Union missions or not, alone. And now he was unaccustomed to his new charge's constant, close presence. That was it. He was an introverted minimalist, largely by necessity, yet also by taste. He had a flat similar this one in a tower several blocks away that he used often enough, but it wasn't his home. If he had a home at all, it was in Union, and by proxy Old Seoul, where Union met and coordinated all their efforts. His life revolved around his work with the rebellion, and he had a strong bond with his comrades. But that was rooted in their desperately united, seemingly doomed efforts to change their world, rather than an independent interpersonal connection… at least now. Some among the rebels had been close friends when they first found their way to Union as youths, but the struggle cut short many friendships, and superseded them all. On the exceedingly rare occasion Hae-Joo fancied a bit of light conversation, he could find it at a social-bar. On the slightly less rare occasion he wanted sex, he went out and found that, too, often, though not always, at the social-bar's equivalent for those with a sensual urge. It was never too difficult to meet someone he found reasonably attractive, and freely willing to exchange nothing more than sexual release. This willingness was essential to him. Although casual trade among Consumers of sex for small gifts and favors was normal enough, it had always seemed ugly to him. He had steered clear of the ubiquitous houses of sub sexworkers after a single, conventional visit in his youth. Though he had left with both curiosity and urges satisfied, the place had disturbed his soul, before he heard the word Union or had any real knowledge of the twin forces of poverty and brutality that drove the sub sextrade. Before he knew why, the wrongness of the place had conveyed itself to him. There was a hopelessness behind the sexworkers' seductive glances, an utter lack of joy concealed in their deftly practiced eroticism... and many of them had been younger than him, some shockingly so. Still, such venues were quite popular among pure-bloods who preferred to simply pay credits for sex with other pure-bloods, with no other consideration. The many fabricant sex establishments, offering everything from super-quickies to so-called deluxe experiences with a bewildering variety of endlessly smiling models, had failed to draw him in even once. Back when he was a young Consumer schooled in Unanimic doctrine, he had thought his lack of interest was because fabricants were not really human beings; a preference which plenty of other Consumers seemed to share, since the sub sexhouses would otherwise have long gone out of business. But not much later, Hae-Joo realized the truth: such establishments chilled him because the fabricants genomed and conditioned for that form of \"service\" were just as human as he was. He had had a handful of physical infatuations with free individuals that lasted a bit longer than his usual one or two encounters, periods of uncomplicated mutual pleasure. Yet he had never felt a deeper connection to any of those partners, nor had any of them probed past his lies into the real nature of his vague \"work.\" True intimacy seemed to be something found only in the old pre-Unanimic stories, yet another aspect of life lost to authoritarian repression and Consumer culture. In any case, neither social nor sexual diversions occupied more than a tiny space in his adult life. He hadn't really had friends when he was young, until those formative adolescent years that set him inexorably on the path to Union. Since he had been born into the privileged Consumer class, everything supposedly required for a convenient and enjoyable life had been readily available to him. And that seemed to be enough for the vast majority of his fellow elites; however, Hae-Joo had found himself discontented and lonely from a very early age. Science and athletics, both of which he excelled at, had offered him just enough stimulation to get by at school. But in his free time, he had found himself depressingly bored and unable to connect with his apathetic parents, shallow peers, and the constant, inane entertainment and advertising Unanimity practically forced down Consumers' throats. Then, Hae-Joo had slowly discovered and sought refuge in old pre-Unanimic books, vidis, and music. Somehow, these works from the time before Consumer culture was fully entrenched drew him powerfully, offering beauty, freshness and inspiration he could find nowhere else. Gradually, he also became active in the scattered networks of fanclubs for such works. And among the fans, he finally found peers with whom he shared common interests, and a human respite from his loneliness. A few of the fans eventually became real friends. At first Hae-Joo had only sought out literature, music and vidis that were officially available. But some works were more controversial than others, and they were often harder to track down. Inevitably, the suppressed works began to draw him strongly when he reached his teens, to his parents' consternation. Censorship had only tightened as he grew up, with many of his favorites getting outright banned, their fanclubs forced underground. This very crackdown had provided him his gateway to the highly secret, ever-hunted rebellion as a young teen. A couple of his more hardcore fanclubs started meeting in grimy hovels in Old Seoul after curfew. It took him a little time, but Hae-Joo soon mustered up the courage to join them. And he found himself fascinated by the liveliness of the filth and disorder, the struggle of the desperately poor subs, the emptiness in the eyes of fabricants and pure-bloods alike forced to sell themselves on the streets, and much more that he saw in the old city. He came across a cryptic leaflet or two that referred to \"the Movement,\" with what seemed to be coded directions to a meeting. He couldn't have found the meeting even if he had wanted to, and always left the leaflets where they lay, half afraid one of the occasionally patrolling Enforcers would spot him looking at them. Like most everyone, he had heard the words before, and he knew what they referred to: self-proclaimed enemies of Unanimity, subject to immediate euthanasia. While sneaking out after curfew and skulking across Neo Seoul into the old city as he had taken to doing was no joke, it didn't come with a death sentence…. just a few weeks in the Neo Seoul prison. But Hae-Joo found his curiosity rising. After all, many of the creative works he loved were also condemned by Unanimity, as was the entire network of crowded and dirty slums that made up the old city… which excited him far more than the city of massive, glittering towers on the other side of the damway, where he came from. It was simply easier for the time being for the authorities to let the slums stand and rot, than to raze them and get rid of all the wretched subs. There was life in Old Seoul. That was what excited him . He had a feeling it was the relative neglect of the authorities that allowed its heart to beat so strongly… and, just perhaps, it also had something to do with this Movement. Then again, the leaflets might be planted by the Enforcers themselves to ensnare any would-be dissidents. But as Hae-Joo began to spend less and less time at home, and ever more time in Old Seoul, both meeting his friends and wandering the streets alone, he wondered more and more about the mysterious rebellion. Did it even exist at all? If so, what were its goals, and what could it possibly hope to accomplish? It was a younger boy named Jae, a member of one of Hae-Joo's clubs and another for some recently censored, hundred-fifty-year-old mystery series that Hae-Joo didn't even like, who uncovered additional clues… including the most important one. The kid had been a bit of a know-it-all, and liked to act as if he'd already figured out all the rebels' secrets himself. Hae-Joo shared his fascination, but he'd warned him more than once about running off his mouth with Movement rumors in fanclub meetings and elsewhere. But Jae just wouldn't shut up. He claimed to be conducting his own investigation on the streets, that he could figure out who knew bits of information and wouldn't report him to Enforcers for asking. He eagerly and recklessly spread everything he managed to find out, true or not. There were already whispers that the Enforcers were tracking the fans of forbidden works; they were, in truth, minor dissidents themselves. Hae-Joo's clubs were now constantly changing meeting places even in Old Seoul, often at the last minute, in the hopes of avoiding being monitored. They were wary of accepting any new members, for fear of informers, and slowly, all but the most hardcore fans were just ceasing to show up as censorship increased and punishments for even minor offenses got more severe. They really, really didn't need their activities to get even riskier thanks to Jae blabbing what could well be nonsense all over the place. However, as annoying as it was, Jae did whet Hae-Joo's curiosity with his tidbits. A leader had risen to unite the rebels, and he was called An-Kor Apis. He was from Afrasia, and he had formerly been a Chief Enforcer. The Movement existed in all twelve states, and even in the four off-world colonies. In Neo Seoul, it only formally met underground—literally. It was said that among the world's megapoleis, the Movement was strongest in Neo Seoul, and so, Apis chose to base himself here. And the Movement maintained an apparently limitless online library of forbidden artistic and scientific materials… it was that last rumor that tantalized Hae-Joo the most. However, for all his posturing, it took Jae an embarrassingly long time to discover that a member of his own mystery fanclub, a quiet teenager who'd recently stopped coming to meetings, was an actual sympathizer for the rebellion and even planned to join. That youth must given him a much-needed lecture about watching his mouth, because Jae was more careful about what he said after that. Jae did do Hae-Joo the favor of convincing the young sympathizer of his trustworthiness, and arranging for the two to meet. And in that first conversation with him, an AmerCorpian his age named Mitchell, Hae-Joo finally got the answers to his questions… and his eyes were opened. Upon hearing that the Movement really and truly existed, that the rebels called it Union and its purpose was to spread freedom and truth, Hae-Joo felt as if he had been handed one of his life's crucial keys: heretofore unknown, and therefore not consciously missed, but for which he had been searching for his entire life thus far. It was almost like something he had already found and known in the distant past, only to lose… yet now he had found it again. Like all Consumers, Hae-Joo had known long before he visited the old city that subs lived harsh lives; that they were routinely killed if they attempted to rise too high above their station, or, more rarely, if they became too numerous or otherwise troublesome. He was also well aware that fabricants' existence consisted of genoming, accelerated growth in wombtanks, six months of rigid behavioral conditioning followed by memory erasure, twelve years of labor, and finally, \"processing.\" Young Consumers were even taught about it in school. All of this wasn't exactly pleasant to think about, but it seemed natural and appropriate—as long as you believed the Unanimic dogma that subs were inferior humans, suited to lower lives, and that fabricants were not really human beings at all. Under the rules of Unanimity, subs, the much larger class of pure-bloods, had the right to live and work in impoverished misery; they were simply not born to have the easy, pleasant life of the Consumer elite. But fabricants had no rights of any sort; they were not born at all. They were products manufactured by Corporations to do work for pure-bloods, primarily Consumers. Fabricants did not think or feel as pure-bloods did; they were perfectly engineered and conditioned for their particular work and circumstances. They appeared content, or at least calmly obedient, wherever you saw them. This all fit the natural order. Had Hae-Joo really believed this? Or had he simply shoved his discomfort to the back of his mind, and refused to question it? To his day, he wasn't sure exactly what Mitchell had said in that first conversation to turn his world upside down… other than the truth: subs and fabricants were human beings, just as he was. They experienced pain and pleasure, just as he did. They had thoughts and emotions, just as he did. They were no less deserving of a good life than he was, nor did they suffer any less in their harsh circumstances than he would. The subs were simply taught that they did not deserve any better, while the fabricants were ruthlessly genomed and conditioned to withstand their suffering better... and to conceal it. The fabricants differed from pure-bloods as a result of the brutal physical and mental control Unanimity wielded over them, not by their essential nature. If one believed that any human beings had souls, then all of them must… even those grown in a wombtank. To treat one human being as less than another was evil. The entire system of Unanimity was based on such discrimination, and was, therefore, evil. What was more, Consumers were in their own way as much controlled by Unanimity as the subs and fabricants. Consumers took their comfortable, pleasure-filled lives for granted, but if one spoke a word against the system, one's life could suddenly be worth less than that of a functional fabricant. The massive prison building, which dominated all the skyscrapers in Neo Seoul, was filled with Consumers now labeled deviants, criminals and dissidents. All prisoners were cruelly isolated, and only a fortunate few minor offenders returned to the outside world otherwise unscarred. A large number became the subjects of Unanimic medical and psychological experiments, while many others were sentenced to euthanasia. The mere sight of the prison, toweringly visible from every corner of the city, was a constant reminder of Unanimity's power to crush those who broke its laws. Unanimity forced its agenda into all aspects of Consumer life. All writings, vidis, music, scientific journals, and other creative endeavors were subject to Board publishing approval. Works created without Corporate oversight were seldom approved, and thus condemned to oblivion. Consumers were drilled in Unanimic dogma in school as children, kept busy in meaningless, Board-selected jobs as adults, and pressured to buy and consume as much Corporate food, merchandise and entertainment as possible throughout their lives. The Board enforced compulsory sexual sterilization on Consumer youths and maintained strict eugenic control over all reversals, conceptions and births. It also held approval over all medical treatments, and readily scheduled euthanasia for Consumers, young and old, that it deemed unprofitable to keep alive. All human beings had the right to live freely. Unanimity deprived human beings of this right. Therefore, Unanimity must be opposed and ultimately destroyed. Hae-Joo did not know why only he, Mitchell, and apparently few others had come to believe this truth, in comparison with the billions under Unanimic control. He knew his own parents were incapable of grasping it, and he did not even try to explain his awakening to them. Perhaps the lies were simply too deeply entrenched, the truth too inconvenient… as inexorable and inconvenient as the deadlands gradually claiming nearly every corner of the earth that had once been green, and the oceans slowly rising to cover almost every large city in the world. But Hae-Joo knew that even if his resistance to Unanimity amounted to no more than a drop in one of those oceans, he could no longer be part of it of its system… and even if the world as he knew it was doomed to destruction, he would devote himself to the cause of spreading the truth among humanity before its end. The off-world colonies might survive. They were barely populated, each a tiny microcosm of a Unanimic state, with hardly any Union presence. In the earth's vast cities, at least, there were still places where rebels could disappear, while the colonies had none. But more importantly, they supported life and were somewhat self-sufficient. They just might carry on independently after the cataclysmic fall the earth seemed headed for. Even if only a few of earth's children endured after the fall, somewhere in the galaxy, to carry on humanity... even if none endured at all... Union owed it to the infinite collective of human souls, past and future, to spread the truth while it could. Every person who learned and shared the truth was another drop of water… and a multitude of drops could form an ocean. And so Hae-Joo had followed Mitchell, and officially joined the rebellion. Like most Union members, Hae-Joo had completely cut all ties to his former life. He had already begun to spend days on end in Old Seoul, and he wondered briefly when his parents would notice that he was gone for good this time. He sent them no message of goodbye, nor did he ever communicate with them again. Better to let them think he'd been murdered by some desperate sub, or thrown in prison for his growing deviance… for their safety, as well as his. Despite his lack of connection with them, the decision did cause him pain; yet he never regretted it. His connection with Mitchell had grown strong indeed, as they passionately dedicated themselves to the relentless training and desperate innovation required to oppose Unanimity. They had spent the first year side by side in Nea So Copros, pushing and encouraging one another, sharing almost every experience, whether triumph or suffering. And Mitchell had always seemed to understand what Hae-Joo thought and how he felt, without him even having to say it. Then, Mitchell had been sent back to United AmerCorpia to work as a spy for the world Union collective. He was now one of their greatest assets, a crucial source and channel of information, having attained a very high position in the Consumer ranks and close Board connections. Meanwhile, Hae-Joo had served as both field agent and science officer in Neo Seoul, rising to join Union's top leadership in Nea So Copros. Since they had begun their separate assignments, he had had no personal contact with the man who had so profoundly influenced him during their youth. He thought from time to time of how difficult it must be for Mitchell to play a top Consumer so perfectly, knowing how deeply the man espoused the ideals of the Movement. Yet Mitchell, while reading others brilliantly, had always been good at playing his own feelings close to the chest, and everything he did was for the greater good of the Movement. Hae-Joo still considered Mitchell the best friend he had had in his life. A number of Hae-Joo's other friends and acquaintances from the underground fanclubs also eventually joined Union, including Jae, who had become like an annoying yet dear younger brother to him. But within a year of joining, at age seventeen, Jae was killed along with twenty other teens when Enforcers stormed a meeting he had set up himself to recruit fans into the rebellion. Jae had been reckless, but he had been so eager, and so brave… it had been the first time Hae-Joo grieved for a friend, and the last time he had wept. And he had wished Mitchell could have been there with him, to mourn the death of the boy who had brought them together. As the years went by, several of Hae-Joo's other old friends and plenty of the comrades he made after joining Union were also killed. Others simply disappeared; they were either wasting away in prison or experiments, or dead by now as well. Hae-Joo had mourned them all, but he had never been able to shed tears again after Jae. All of the rebels were likely to lose both their lives and their cause soon if they could not force a turning point in their fight, overwhelmed as they were by the crushing intrusion of Unanimity into every sphere of life. And that was where the audacious plan of discovering, rescuing and mentoring a free-willed fabricant to speak for their cause came in. Mitchell, in one of the few times Hae-Joo had seen his face since their training, had been the first to voice the concept. It had come to him after he obtained access to data from Unanimic research in a number of areas, including fabricants. He had introduced the idea a little over a year ago during a digi meeting of Union leaders and agents in all twelve states, plus one brave contact from each of the four off-world colonies. All had swiftly agreed on the idea's brilliance, on the incredible impact it would bring the rebellion… if they could just find a fabricant who had begun ascendance, somewhere . In over a year of searching throughout the world, the Union agents had found none… until they discovered Yoona-939's unfolding awakening. And then, Yoona-939 decided to wake Sonmi-451. Because he was most familiar with the research on fabricant conditioning and had himself birthed the idea of recruiting a fabricant to Union, Mitchell had consulted by communiqué in the Nea So Copros collective's discussions on Yoona-939 and Sonmi-451. Mitchell had supported Hae-Joo's push to break both fabricants out as soon as possible, despite the increased risk involved in a double escape and ascendance, and the belief of many that Sonmi-451 was not ready and would jeopardize the whole mission. Unfortunately for Yoona-939, Hae-Joo and Mitchell had been overruled by the majority of the leaders, General Apis chief among them. As he balanced on one hand, Hae-Joo found himself focusing again on the single known ascending fabricant that remained in the world. She was upside down in his current view; still, he could tell that she was looking at him. She quickly turned back to her digis, but he had a feeling she had been watching him steadily for a while. Let her. He felt much calmer now. It was all right for her to look. With the life she had had, and all that she was managing to do now, she had the right to do just about anything, as far as he was concerned. He continued his series for another hour, allowing himself to observe her continuing study when he could. She was going at an even quicker pace than she had earlier, yet paradoxically, she also seemed more relaxed. But she was just as prettily engaging to watch as she read and learned… murmuring to herself, manipulating the digis with her nimble fingers, her expressions changing thoughtfully... it filled him with pleasure to watch her. And he allowed himself to be aware of her turning to watch him now and then, and focused elsewhere when she did. Somehow, it no longer bothered him. Amusingly, she seemed to have become aware that he was observing her as well. He could not have said how he knew; something in the way she glanced up occasionally, in his general direction though not directly at him, before, apparently, losing herself in her studies again... she could as easily have been reflecting on something she had read or seen, but he thought not. He pretended not to notice that she was aware of his attention; she had the right to her awareness. It even felt good to have her so near, and that she knew he was watching her... as if she belonged there... As he reached the end of his series, he felt fully awake and refreshed, the stimulant having kicked in nicely. He lowered himself to his feet from his final pose, and went to the cupboard to help himself to another protein pack. She probably wouldn't want her liquid protein until just before she slept in a few hours—and suddenly, it occurred to him that she had been sitting and kneeling the entire day, while he had shifted around and worked out for hours. She was used to being physically active for nineteen hours a day in the diner. It would only be healthy to get her moving a bit now. \"Sonmi,\" he said softly for the second time, enjoying the feel of her name on his lips. And she seemed pleased to hear it again, too, turning to him with clear eagerness. \"Would you like to move around a bit? You've been studying all day. I can put on an exercise program for you.\" She stood up slowly. She didn't really know what he was talking about, but she seemed ready to try something else new. He pulled up a simple, effective program on the orison and showed her a demo on the habitat screen. \"That's how you'll start,\" he said, as the model lay on her back and slowly lifted one leg upward, pointing and flexing her foot. \"The program will show you exactly what to do, and adapt itself to you. The mirror will be lightly visible, so you can match the model's movements.\" Her eyes had gotten that wide, awed look again. \"Okay—why don't you put something else on?\" He looked through the closet, came across a short, strapless dark blue bodysuit, and wondered why on earth he had gotten that for her. He certainly hadn't been thinking of workout attire when he'd hurriedly ordered her wardrobe… it must be part of a set in one of the collections. But it should do for now, it looked... tight. Perfect for exercise. And she was sure to look stunning in it... Seriously, Chang? he thought as he handed it to her, and she left to change. But he couldn't quite control his thoughts; he was only a man, of flesh and blood. What he could do was be polite, and not gawk when she came out or while she exercised. Despite his best efforts not to look directly her way, his eyes landed on her for a single, admiring moment when she emerged. He turned away before she could catch him staring; the last thing he wanted to do was embarrass her, and she probably felt exposed enough as it was. Though she was used to wearing those tiny fabricant outfits and shifts… well, no matter. He controlled herself, and watched her only peripherally as she went slowly to the screen and lay down, matched the model's first pose, and began to work her way through the series. She had a beautiful body, strong despite her apparent delicacy, and a natural, supple grace… she was only a few minutes in, and he realized he was well and truly staring at her. Fortunately, she seemed absorbed in the movements and oblivious to him. So he went and had another quick, cool shower, and occupied himself when he came out with a little reading of his own. With his back to her… just to be safe. Reminiscing on his fanclub days had made him nostalgic for the old books and vidis that had started him on his journey to the rebellion, and to the present day. He opened the Union link, digited that mystery series Jae had been such a fan of, and began to skim the first book. In it, the feisty young journalist of the title had a chance encounter with a quiet old physicist seeking to share a dangerous truth… only to discover him dead soon after, shot through the mouth in his hotel room. Later, she met a conflicted younger physicist struggling to make a moral stand, but then he, too, was eliminated by the same dark force that had begun to hunt her… finally, the crucial missing report resurfaced in a most unexpected way, revealing a deadly conspiracy at an early nuclear power plant. Even though mysteries weren't his thing, he could tell this one had every cliché in the genre. That had probably left him lukewarm the first time he read it, too. But the story, to its credit, revolved around a bold indictment of a malignant Corporation. Perhaps that was both why it had survived to this day, and why it had been censored by Unanimity… the current Corporations couldn't have appreciated its similarity to them. Strange, to think how some works of art survived the ages to be reread, re-seen and reheard, while others were lost forever. But then, no work or deed was ever truly lost… works were recreated and deeds redone, with ever changing meaning to the people who experienced them when they resurfaced. He closed the mystery series and, on a whim, digited the original screenplay of Sonmi's beloved Tim Cavendish. The screenplay was actually banned, though somehow the vidi had slipped through the censors—probably because it appeared to be a silly, hammy farce on the surface... that lead actor was so horrible, he was almost wonderful. But the themes of the story itself were of escaping imprisonment, and trading selfishness for cooperation; of taking risks for friends, and achieving freedom and rebirth… all very dangerous ideas to Unanimity. Hence the censorship. The ideas came through all the more purely when one simply read the screenplay's pages, as Hae-Joo had a long time ago, unable to resist checking out the original, forbidden version of the story. It supposedly written by Tim Cavendish himself, after his own life experiences… Hae-Joo wondered what he had really been like. How much of his story had been the truth, and how much of it elaborated, or completely made up… perhaps so the author could cast himself in a more favorable light? Although, Cavendish didn't write himself an altogether sympathetic character at the beginning. He came off as a bumbling, flakey sort in the introduction, pompous and self-deprecating at the same time—quite an entertaining combination, actually. Maybe that was all the author had been after, whatever had truly happened. There were some very funny moments strewn throughout the story, like the darkly hilarious incident at the beginning, when a thug threw the smug critic who'd panned his book off a roof. Hae-Joo hoped that he never came across a character like that in real life… though he could certainly handle him if he did. And that bit of random slapstick toward the end, when a helpful drunk smashed a keg over the head of the brutal nurse from the elderly home… a scene which Hae-Joo found exceedingly, and somehow personally, amusing. Cavendish the character had a nice arc; his misadventures led him to cast in his lot with some charming elderly comrades, with whom he bust triumphantly out of the elderly home, becoming a bit of a hero. It really was cute. And he even got back together with his long-lost sweetheart in the end: icing on the cake, as they used to say. He sensed someone behind him, and turned to see Sonmi. Who else could it be? he thought wryly. Her session completed, she looked pleasantly exerted, her face, bare arms, upper chest and long, slender legs all wearing a light sheen of sweat. He swallowed hard; hoped she didn't notice, and smiled at her, focusing on her glowing eyes. \"Did you like it?\" She nodded; and after a moment, she smiled... seemingly nervous with the unaccustomed expression of a genuine smile, as opposed to one for diner Consumers... nervous yet sincere, and utterly charming. She glanced eagerly at his digis. \"This is the written story of Tim Cavendish?\" He tore his eyes away from her, and looked back at them in surprise. She sure had skimmed the pages he had up quickly—or had she been reading behind him for a couple minutes already? She did move quietly. \"Yes, it's the screenplay. I think it's even better by itself than the vidi they made of it...\" He turned back to her, and had to swallow all over again. \"If you want, you can read it before you go to sleep.\" She immediately started to sit down beside him, but he said gently, \"Why don't you shower and change first?\" If she sat next to him right now in that skimpy bodysuit, her skin glistening with sweat… dear, sweet Humanity. She was agreeable, choosing a white nightgown and a robe with pink flowers and disappearing into the bathroom. He let out a deep sigh of relief, and… not relief. Hunger. Longing. Stop it, Chang! Just stop. He must be insane. He shouldn't even allow himself to dream of what was running through his head right now. His job was to protect and teach her; it was fine to like her, but not to want her like this. It was physical, and yet much deeper… an ache that went through his very being… he'd never felt this for anyone before. He had no business whatsoever feeling it for her; nonetheless, he did. And yet, he and the rest of Union had based all their plans on the idea that a fabricant could completely ascend… could become entirely free of her conditioning, and able to make her own choices, based on her thoughts and feelings, like any other free human being… Perhaps, if… when Sonmi reached that point, she could choose to… be with… He could not permit himself to follow that line of thought any further. It was ridiculous for him to hope for such a thing. That she would fully ascend, yes, but that… no . His duty was to keep her alive and to help her learn. Once she had learned enough, Union would ask her to make an enormous decision, a choice of immeasurably greater significance than any longing that might ache through him. And then, if she chose to do what they all hoped she would… unhappiness engulfed him like a void. Yet Sonmi would know just what she was getting herself into, and exactly what was at stake. She would make her decision based on what she felt the cause was worth… just as Hae-Joo had, when he dedicated his life to the Movement. Amidst such dark reflection, Hae-Joo realized that he had felt truly happy watching Sonmi enjoy herself so much over the course of the day… happier than he'd been since the inspirations of his youth, before they had led him to the dark truth of his world... happier than he could ever remember being in this life. Even if he couldn't be with her, he could be content if he only knew that she would be happy, whatever happened. But he knew that that, too, was a futile dream in their harsh reality. He distracted himself from such hopeless thoughts with a practical consideration: he had to deal with his physical desire. So far, he had touched Sonmi only in his role as guide and protector… guiding her first timid steps out of the diner… offering her a steady hand when she hesitated in front of the elevator, and positioning her beside him… it had felt right to help her with such little gestures. But now, he realized that he had also enjoyed the fleeting physical contact they provided. He wouldn't touch her again, unless it was truly necessary; surely, he had more than enough discipline for that. And she must never learn how he felt. If she ever did… suddenly the thought of Yoona-939 and Seer Rhee turned his stomach. No. He would protect her from all he could, including her ever feeling that she must give her body to a pure-blood's use simply because he wanted her to. It didn't matter that what he felt went far beyond mere desire… that he could not conceive of using her, ever... it didn't matter at all. And she was coming out now. She looked fresh and fetching in her pink-flowered robe, and his heart skipped a beat once again. He simply couldn't help himself. He turned away from her for a moment, and tried to pull himself together. He was a free being; he had the right to have feelings. He couldn't force himself not to feel them. That was what Unanimity conditioned fabricants to do, and it was wrong. It had been wrong for them to do to her, and it would be wrong for him to attempt on himself. But neither would he force his feelings on her. She had too much to learn, and do, and be… however he might long for her, he would only be kind and respectful, and help her do what she must. But he was allowed to feel happy again as she approached him, sat down beside him, and started to read Tim Cavendish. He was. He was also allowed to enjoy reading with her... he hadn't planned to, but what else was there to do? So he stayed with her, and they read together. They didn't speak, but made eye contact when one or the other was ready to for the next digi-page. Sometimes he finished first, and sometimes she did; oddly, he did not feel awkward to meet her eyes so frequently. She didn't seem to, either… but had she ever, really? He saw her briefly with red hair again, the two of them bent over the yellowed pages of a single, old-fashioned leatherbound book… meeting her green eyes before turning one of the delicate, paper leaves... yes, they had done this before. Done what? He dismissed that strange thought. Even though he knew them all already, the funnier parts still got him close to snickering. Visions of the cheesy vidi were indelibly linked in his head to the descriptions in the screenplay, yet Cavendish's lanague in them was so darkly witty and humorous, that the author's imagined, sardonic voice somehow elevated the scenes in Hae-Joo's head. He stifled his snickers politely; that made her glance at him curiously. But her amusement was also evident, because her lips twitched toward a smile… whether at the story, or at him, he didn't know. An hour or so flowed pleasantly by as they read the entire screenplay, and somehow, he felt at peace. Just having her close by him, comfortable and content, was enough. He didn't think about the future; he didn't have to right now, nor did he want to. The present was too nice. The manufacturers had eliminated the yawn reflex from fabricants. But when they finished the last page and he looked at her, he could tell that she would have yawned then if she could, despite her smile. No wonder: it was almost midnight, the time she usually retired. Without him saying anything, she went and got herself a carton of liquid protein, returned to his side, and began to drink it in her slow, steady way... he could tell she was reflecting on the day as she drank, for subtle expressions flickered across her face, with none of the hypnotic blankness she had shown the previous night. When she was finished she got up, carefully hung her pink-flowered robe in the closet, and went to her bed. She put the pillow and blanket aside, lying down on the mattress in just her white nightgown. He sat by her bed, as he had the previous night. But now, he programmed the screen for ambient illumination resembling the sky outside, in which the smog reflected faint, diffuse light from the constantly bright city. It was dim, but not completely dark; he would still be able to see if anything drastic happened. He had a feeling nothing would, that night. He also silently increased the habitat temperature a bit. It would be a little balmy for him, but he wanted her to sleep comfortably, and not to worry about her getting cold without that blanket she didn't seem to like. Her eyes were still open, but clearly tired. \"Good night,\" he bid her softly. She looked back at him, and her lips twitched slightly into another tiny, pretty smile. Then her eyes closed. Quickly her breath settled into that swift, regular rhythm. He watched her quietly… tenderly... and let himself meditate once more.[Chapter 5] This time he saw the brown-skinned female journalist from Jae's mysteries, poring over old letters and talking with a young boy who was scribbling on an envelope… a boy whose eager olive face somehow reminded him of that first friend he'd lost in the rebellion, that dear, reckless boy who'd been like his little brother. Fittingly, General Apis was standing near them, powerful, serious, and persuasive, as always. But he was wearing a beige shirt instead of the usual white robe over his dark skin, and he held an archaic metal weapon, though he looked no less dangerous for it. For a moment Hae-Joo saw their adversary, the similarly armed, cold-eyed killer for hire hunting the journalist as she searched for the truth. On the orders of a brutal corporate chief, the killer had shot the quiet old physicist in his hotel room for trying to share his report on the unsafety of a nuclear power plant. Then, the killer had bombed the conflicted young physicist's plane for summoning the courage to give the journalist a copy. The journalist had barely survived his attempt on her own life, and she was desperate to obtain the report and reveal the truth before the killer could find her again… he had a familiar sneer. The boy asked the woman why she kept reading the old letters, over and over again. Maybe I'm just... trying to understand something, the journalist murmured, as the boy scribbled. What? asked the boy. Why we keep making the same mistakes, over and over… the woman said. Then, the clever, eager boy noticed that his scribbling revealed faintly legible indentations on the old envelope: a name and address. The envelope had held letters from a youthful lost love, a mad young composer; the elderly physicist had carried them with him always, and the journalist had taken them from his dead body and read them, fascinated with the story they told. But the faint writing now revealed had been pressed into the envelope by chance, and much more recently; the journalist recognized the name of the old physicist's niece, a scientist herself, of whom he had spoken with pride and affection. And the woman realized that he must have sent a copy of his report to his niece, at this very address. The last, crucial clue had been right beneath their eyes, all along… But now the woman was dressed in fitted white that offset her brown skin, talking to his light-skinned, tattooed friend and relative with the blue gem around his neck. It was the gem that had been on his plate of offering to his ancestors… the gem that his relative had stolen for himself, just before abandoning him and his boy to the attacking savages. Again, he saw the menacing tribesmen appear, and ordered his boy to hide; pulled his knife and looked for help, calling desperately. But again, no one came, and he was quickly and brutally overcome as he screamed his relative's name, over and over. Again he saw his dear boy rush out bravely and recklessly to defend him, the young body swiftly pierced by an arrow; again, he wailed and wept in agony, just as he had when he came upon Jae's bloody, shattered corpse. But his friend, the light, tattooed man, was weeping too, where he cowered behind a rock as boy and then man were slaughtered. There was a demon in a dark suit hovering around him, taunting him as he wept. His rotting face had Boardman Mephi's disdaining sneer, his ruthless, arrogant eyes… Then, the light tattooed man and the white-clad brown woman were walking gingerly through a large, dimly lit dome, the floor covered with skeletons. It was a frightening, powerful place. The man was drawn to the woman, but he distrusted her too. She'd brought him up here, using her advanced tools and speaking her crazy ideas—like the notion that the people , not the devil, had caused the fall of the previous age. The demon had warned him about her; he had told him not to believe her lies, and that they were trespassing here... he had even tried to make him drop her off the mountain on the way here. But Sonmi's words had made him save her from falling instead. Suddenly, he saw a massive statue of Sonmi herself, free and strong and invincible, gleaming out of the darkness ahead. The man gasped her name reverently… but then the statue was gone, and there was just Sonmi the woman, standing dressed in blue and purple in a high, windowed chamber, small and alone. Now Hae-Joo could only see fire and smoke and hunched black shapes. But he could hear her voice, despite the chaotic, violent noises all around… and he knew the words she was speaking before she said them, for they were already written in his heart... by each crime, and every kindness, we birth our future. There was a deafening blast, a confusing blur of motion. Then he could see her up in the chamber again, but he couldn't get to her. He was lying on the floor where the skeletons had been, would be, and his body wouldn't move. Everything was turning dark… yet he could clearly see her face, and tears were spilling from her eyes. And even though she was crying, he was happy to look on her, one last time… Again, the Sonmi sleeping before him awoke. Again, all that he had seen vanished from his mind. But his happiness remained. Not only was she awake again, she sat up without panic and answered his soft, \"Good morning\" with a lovely, true smile... the fullest smile he had yet seen from her, touched with the golden-rose light of rising sunbeams. The smog outside was the real reason for the rising sun's incredible pink and yellow light, which the habitat screen duplicated. Yet he found the effect to be a very pretty accompaniment to the new day as he watched her put on her pink-flowered robe and head straight for the orison. The next day passed much as the previous one had. She read and watched and read, educating herself with clear pleasure and seeming effortlessness about the world and herself. They both exercised in the morning, separately, neither directly watching the other nor looking completely away. He passed the rest of the time with small tasks and diversions while observing her, musing sometimes that he could never have predicted how easy and enjoyable his time as her guard and mentor would be—though he knew that could change at any moment. As he woke from his nap early in the evening, he saw her standing in front of the mirror in her bodysuit. But she wasn't exercising, she was just looking at herself… and there was something different about her appearance. On her feet were the smart black shoes, similar to his own, that he'd gotten her. It was a bit odd for her to be wearing them inside, and with the bodysuit, no less—he was getting a little more used to seeing her in that. There was still something different about her. He sat up and noticed drowsily that the closet was open, clothes and shoes strewn haphazardly both inside and on the floor in front of it. It looked like she had decided to try on everything in her wardrobe, and hadn't bothered with the closet's cleaning or organizing functions in the process. Well, why not? In fact, it was great progress that she, former diner server, was following her own whims, rifling through her own pretty clothes without bothering to clean up afterward. Suddenly, it occurred to him that she must have been dressing and undressing a couple meters away from him as he slept. There was no way had she gone into the bathroom each time… Cut it out, Chang! It was embarrassing how his brain worked sometimes. He got up to take another stimulant, wondering if he should excuse himself so that she could continue her personal fashion show. Yet there was nowhere he could go except the bathroom… but perhaps she had finished now. She was still contemplating her reflection, looking rather solemn, as he approached. Then he realized that her two brightly colored hair locks, a feature of all fabricants at Papa Song's diner, were missing... there they were, lying on the floor near her feet, orange and red with a few stray black strands. In her hand was a knife, and seeing it swiftly cleared the grogginess from his head. In his abruptly heightened awareness, he also noticed that the fingernails of her hand were no longer orange with red tips. In fact, the last time he specifically remembered seeing the nail polish was when she still grasped her kino; she had likely used the all-cleaner on her fingers when she washed up the first night, and her toes as well. And now, she had apparently cut the last sign of Papa Song's branding from her body. Aside from the rather disturbing fact that to do it, she had used a sharp blade for the first time, on her own head, while he slept, this was very good progress. And she wasn't bleeding anywhere that he could tell. He smiled at her reflection. \"I like the change,\" he said quietly. Her hair also appeared to be longer as he looked at it closely. Yes, it was definitely lower on her forehead than it had been three days ago… than yesterday, even. How fast can it grow?! That must be another manufactured feature for Papa Song servers, probably to keep their tresses full, shiny and youthful. Their automatic styling every morning after the hygiener had to include a trim; at this rate, her hair would be in her eyes in a couple weeks. But even the slightly shaggier look suited her. Really, anything would. She looked back at him through the mirror, unsmiling, but radiating poise and presence. This is who I am now, she seemed to be saying. He wanted to pull her into his arms then, to press his lips to her fully black hair, her sweetly solemn face… but he was getting used to having and suppressing such urges. So he just stood there, gazing at her, until she moved away. She put the knife back in the utensil drawer—he had almost forgotten it, but he did breathe a bit easier then. Then she walked toward the closet, gazing at the mess of clothes in and around it; he wondered again if she wanted to continue trying on outfits. Perhaps he should just turn around... He wasn't expecting her question. \"Why did you help me?\" She was standing in front of the closet, rumpled clothing of all colors spilling every which way around her, in marked contrast to her sleek figure, minimally clad in dark blue. Her head was upturned, her posture straight, and he realized she had, consciously or unconsciously, discarded her timid, submissive pose of the first day or two. Was this, along with her newfound poise, a physical change meant to stick, like cutting her locks and removing the nail polish? Or was she trying it on to see if it suited her, much like her outfits? His eyes held him steadily, ignoring the mess around her and demanding an answer… almost challenging him. He chose his words carefully. She deserved a truthful answer, but he did not want to burden her with too much, too soon. \"My colleagues and I mean to create a free-willed fabricant.\" The barest flicker of her eyes. Who he and his colleagues were, and why they had that goal, could wait until she asked specifically. \"We had to start with a fabricant who already wanted to be free, whom we could help. We found Yoona-939 first, then you. We—failed with her. We waited too long… but we got to you in time. You are our last hope.\" At the mention of her friend, Sonmi's shoulders slumped, and her clear eyes blinked. Now they began to gleam with… tears? They must be. Compassion welled up in Hae-Joo. He remembered Jae's death, the deaths of other comrades; he tried to imagine what it would have been like to have had only one friend in the world, and to watch that friend die. But she had another friend now. He went to her, putting a gentle hand on her shoulder. Her head bowed, almost touching his chest, as her eyes blinked rapidly. His arms twitched to go around her... yet something held him back. He'd promised himself to touch her only if necessary, and to put his arms around her now... what did necessary mean, exactly? Had putting his hand on her shoulder really been necessary? It had been more than necessary, it had been so natural that he hadn't even thought about it. It was just what you did when someone you cared about was upset. Wouldn't it be better to offer even more... or would that only frighten her? Observe her. Let her show you what she needs, he thought to himself. He kept his hand on her shoulder, but did nothing else, and watched Sonmi. She hung there for a few moments, blinking, otherwise still. Then, it was as if something shut off inside her. She straightened up and walked without looking at him to the mirror... took off her shoes, and started her exercise program. And his heart sank in his chest, with a clear sense that he had done something wrong. He'd had a strong urge to hug her, to let her cry against him… but he had tried to follow her lead. And she hadn't cried; she had broken contact. Yet it looked like she had simply buried her distress, as she'd been conditioned to do. And how could he expect her to know what she needed emotionally, when she had been forced for her whole life to ignore and frequently do the exact opposite of that very thing? He should have hugged her, but it was too late now. She was facing away from him, quite deliberately concentrating on her program. He pushed all the clothes and shoes back into the closet in a jumbled heap, then clicked the all-cleaner-organizer and watched as everything flew swiftly back into fresh and folded order. But restored cleanliness was far from enough to cheer him up. He avoided looking at her as she exercised quietly in front of the screen. All right, maybe this was his first real mistake here... but if it was the worst thing that happened, they could both consider themselves very fortunate. He could only move on. Against normal custom, he started his own training session while Sonmi was still working out. He turned away from her, fed some wailing mid-20th century blues straight to his aural nerve, and couldn't help smiling sadly. Her instinct had, in a way, been right—exercise could lift the spirits when all else failed. They both needed it now. She finished before he did, and did seem to be feeling better as she left to shower and change. As soon as she emerged from the bathroom, she went to the orison and resumed her study. Had he really assumed he'd be her mentor? She read and learned so voraciously on her own that he didn't feel like one at all. She never asked him questions—well, this evening she'd posed the first question she'd had about anything, but it hadn't even involved her research. From what he observed, she seemed to have no trouble comprehending anything she read or saw. He'd peeked a few times at her self-selected digis and found wildly varying material, from genomics to nuclear physics, from the ancient African slave trade to western classical music of the late Romantic period. She had even browsed general information on Union, but again, she hadn't asked him anything about it. She had also taken to listening to musical samples as she read, turning them on and switching among them so suddenly and unpredictably, that since the morning he had again been filtering her explorations from his aural nerve, lest he get a headache. She seemed to be developing her intellect quite splendidly all by herself. But he felt a little discouraged now about helping her develop her emotions. Yet his spirits were more or less intact by the time he completed his exercises, and he brainstormed during his shower on what treat he could share with her that night. Another pre-Unanimic classic, certainly; a fun vidi. She deserved a break from reading. He had so, so many favorites from his youth… something in the action or superhero genre could be really enjoyable for her, some blockbuster, as they used to be called, of an earlier age… but preferably one with a bit of substance, and a message that could help her in her journey. Of course. He had it. He dressed and came out. She was sitting with her digis, and they looked at each other directly for the first time since before his aborted hug of sympathy. She seemed timid again… almost fearful. Was she was afraid she had shown too much emotion in front of him? Once again, he kicked himself inside. But done was done, and he ought to go easier on himself; only that could make things easier on her. They were both in a new and challenging situation, trying to find their way. He knelt down beside her. \"It's all right to feel sad about Yoona,\" he said to her quietly. \"It hurts when a friend dies. I lost a friend for the first time when he was still a boy, and I was barely a man—just like you and Yoona had barely begun to be free. I cried so hard when I saw his body… and I still think of him. I've lost many other friends, but I'm not able to cry for them anymore. I wish I could.\" He had never spoken of this out loud to anybody, and he certainly hadn't meant to share so much about himself to her, now or ever. But he could feel the old, ever-fresh grief rising in him, that pain that could never find release in tears… and her eyes were gleaming again. Did he dream, or was there sympathy for him in her face now? But this was about her, not him. Another impulse came to him; this time, he trusted it, and took her hands in his own. \"Never be afraid to show your feelings, Sonmi,\" he said, his voice soft but vehement. \"They are precious, and they are yours. They will help set you free.\" She looked back at him, then down at their hands, and began to blink rapidly again. He didn't embrace her; he felt without knowing how that the moment for that had been in the past, and it had not yet returned. He simply held her hands in his, gripping them warmly and reassuringly… letting her feel that he was there. After a quiet moment, he felt a slight twitch of her fingers, and immediately loosened his grip. She slipped her hands free and turned away from him, eyes lowered shyly… but that was okay. She was ready for what she was ready for, and the time would eventually come when her tears would spill over. Perhaps it wouldn't have been right to hug her yet, after all. Who could know exactly why what happened, happened when it happened… life always had its own reasons. But they usually turned out to be right. He left her for a moment to digit what had been his absolute favorite vidi when he was thirteen. He had watched it so many times that year that he had lost track. In fact, it had been his first favorite to get banned, but that hadn't deterred him from many subsequent viewings. He had even watched it with Mitchell before either of them joined Union, gratified that his friend shared his enthusiasm, if not quite his obsession. Since then, he had had little opportunity or inclination to watch vidis for pleasure; Tim Cavendish had been a rare diversion for him, two nights ago. But if he had had to choose a single vidi from his past to re-watch, Sonmi aside, this would be it. \"Sonmi, would you like to watch a vidi with me?\" he asked her. \"I used to love this one when I was younger. I think you will like it.\" And she quickly perked up and came to sit beside him, sadness forgotten. She seemed pretty bewildered by the beginning of The Matrix. He had noticed her reading about the rise of the first major net, the so-called Internet, at the very end of the 20th century. She appeared to recognize many of the related technologies, and even to be willing to accept their weird rules in this parallel universe. But she still looked a bit lost for the first ten minutes or so. Then he told her to think of Mr. Anderson as a server like she had been in Papa Song's, and Neo as her new self after she escaped the diner. That evidently clicked with her, and as she watched on, she seemed absolutely mesmerized. Hae-Joo found himself running with the parallels in his mind. Given what he'd already said, then the Matrix could be thought of as the system of Unanimity, and its Agents the Enforcers... or maybe the Agents were Boardmen. Agent Smith was certainly a lot like Boardman Mephi, with his cold superiority; even his sneering face and contemptuous drawl were similar… How funny. And who would Hae-Joo be in the world of The Matrix—Morpheus? That made sense. Morpheus had offered Neo the choice to leave his limited, enslaved existence and enter the real world, just as Hae-Joo had to Sonmi. Although Hae-Joo didn't see himself as a prophet, like Morpheus was; General Apis was the prophet of Union, if there was one, with his white robes and stirring speeches. He also shared Morpheus' dark skin—not that skin color had to stay the same in this metaphor. But actually, Morpheus wasn't the first in the story to tempt Neo with the truth... and Hae-Joo had already established that genders could switch in this metaphor. Could Hae-Joo, perhaps, be Sonmi's... or rather Neo's soulmate, Trinity? Just enjoy the vidi, Chang. But Hae-Joo had to admit that the story of The Matrix had some major echoes in his own world. And without him realizing it, the film had planted his earliest, vague dreams of having some cause worth fighting for—for what could be a worthier cause than saving a humanity held in a dream state, exploited by ruthless, tyrannical computers? It had taken Hae-Joo a few years to realize that his humanity was practically in that plight already; they just couldn't blame computers. Although they had, like the humans in The Matrix, built the systems of their enslavement themselves. The action sequences had been intoxicating to him, of course, on a purely visceral level. How Hae-Joo and his fellow fans had fantasized about becoming gracefully lethal, physics-defying warriors of destruction like the heroes of The Matrix… and then, some of them actually had. Hae-Joo certainly had. He couldn't quite defy physics or fly, but he was a force to be reckoned with in any fight. He could hear Sonmi gasping at the same stupendous fight scenes that he had-especially the instances of the famous bullet-time effect, which The Matrix was the first vidi to popularize. It was amazing, really, how dazzling the action sequences still were, almost one hundred fifty years after the vidi came out. But he had learned that violence and explosions were far less glamorous in real life than on a vidi screen. In vidis, one rarely saw one brave rebel after another get brutally killed, with no end in sight… and the rebels almost never lost the big battle at the very end, let alone the whole war, as Union was dangerously close to... No, that didn't happen in The Matrix. Hae-Joo had watched its sequels and found them to be way too much pseudo-philosophical gobbledygook; however, the ending of the original Matrix film was perfect, and perfectly inspiring to him personally. The rebels survived, and the powers of the former Corporate slave, Neo, now the One that would unite the rebellion, were unleashed. A reckoning was coming, and the freedom of humanity at hand. Hae-Joo tried not to dwell too much on the love story; yet the flat seemed very quiet as he and Sonmi watched the scenes that established Neo and Trinity's simple yet profound, soul-freeing connection. Sonmi's eyes were huge as Trinity kissed the lifeless Neo, and her faith and love woke him from death as the One, enabling him to defeat Agent Smith, save the rebels… and kiss her back. Finally Sonmi watched, enthralled, as Neo spoke his revelation to the forces of the Matrix, then stalked proudly through the masses in his sunglasses and long black coat… and at last, miraculously, took flight. She remained frozen in stunned wonder as the end credits rolled, to the old heavy metal artists' joyfully defiant riffs and screams. She finally turned to Hae-Joo, and he just grinned at her. He felt supremely pleased that she was apparently as taken with The Matrix's ending as he had been the first time he had seen it. \"Where did this story come from?\" she asked him in a whisper. What a question. How could he answer that? He thought for a moment. \"The story has a common science fiction theme that peaked in the mid to late 20th century, a fear of advanced machines and computers—tools of humanity which were relatively new at the time. People feared that the tools would take control and enslave the humans who created them.\" Other classic examples flashed through his brain, many of them, surely not coincidentally, also on the short list of his adolescent favorites that were now banned. The Terminator franchise. 2001. Even the Star Wars saga, more of a space fairy tale, but with the iconic villain Darth Vader a chilling combination of man and machine in his robotic suit and mask. But unfortunately, she hadn't seen any of those others yet. He thought a little more about what they had just seen. \"The Matrix also expresses a feeling that normal life is missing something, a sense of meaning and purpose… freedom. It's probably a recognition of the beginning of Consumer culture, which human beings created as much as they did computers. People longed to rediscover true meaning… to take back their freedom, and control their own lives.\" He considered it further, finding new insights even for himself as he did. \"But the fear that life has lost its meaning, and that humanity itself is to blame, is found across genres. It goes back hundreds of years before the 20th century—thousands, even. It's a universal idea. The act of creation is the attempt to recapture a sense of meaning.\" There. He'd managed that rather well. \"Where do ideas come from?\" Sonmi asked. This was getting beyond him; but he was, supposedly, her mentor, so he would try his best. He took a deep breath. \"Everything we make or do comes from both outside us and within us. It comes from our experiences—that is, what we've already learned about the world—but it also comes from our imaginations, in ways no one can explain. What we do and say also influences and inspires the words and deeds of others, in ways we can't explain…\" He trailed off. She looked so desperate to understand, and what was he really saying, anyway? That there was no real answer. But it was the truth, and she didn't seem dissatisfied with his explanation, or rather, lack of one. She frowned thoughtfully, wrinkling her forehead beneath her rapidly encroaching black hair... he wanted suddenly and intensely to smooth that hair back from her brow, to stroke it… He got up and brought her a protein carton instead. She accepted it and drank absently, lost in reflection. She seemed pensive even as she lay down to sleep; though she responded to his \"Good night\" with her usual small, sweet smile, her eyes stayed open a good deal longer than the typical few minutes. They were full of thought; but eventually they closed, and she slept.[Chapter 6] That night during his meditation, Hae-Joo saw Yoona-939, uncollared and free, though with strangely light hair. Her, too, he had known for a long time. Or, better said, he was going to know her for a long time... She had been the most curious and mischievous child in their village on the island, and it had gotten her into trouble more than a few times. Yet some of his earliest memories in that life were of admiring her quick, bold ways. Even as children, she seemed to notice his shy attentions, and to take every chance she could to lead him off exploring. It was as if she were daring him to like her even more. It really was she that chased him as they grew up, not the other way around. They were no longer children, and she was not only quick and clever, but very pretty. She was also eager to try exciting new things with him; things they only vaguely knew about, but that their bodies already seemed to want to do with each other. He was still shy, but he liked her so much, and he couldn't resist her. So once again, they snuck off to explore together, and many thrilling discoveries followed. When she told him with a beaming smile that she had his child inside her, he thought he would burst with pride. Immediately, he asked her to live with him as his mate, the words flying out of him in a rush. She agreed, laughing, and her eyes told him that he could have asked her much sooner. He had dreamed of living with her since he was a boy; now, he finally knew that she had always felt the same way, and would have said yes to him from the beginning. The entire village rejoiced with them when they learned of the new life to come. In the last few years, their people had lost many to the wasting sickness, and more to attacks by the savage neighboring tribes; over that same time, few babies had come. Some had died in the womb, and several were born terribly weak, and died in their first months. There were a number of mated women in the village who had never borne a healthy child, and like the wasting sickness, there seemed to be no cause for this affliction. Perhaps worst of all, several young men had run off in the previous year and never returned. Two of them were sighted months later among the flesh-eating tribes, having donned their fearsome war paint and joined in the slaughter of their own kin. The people had made offerings to their ancestors and prayed to Sonmi for their survival. Many whispered fearfully that the devil was moving again. He was poisoning the people's bodies, stirring their bloodlust... reawakening the evil that had destroyed the previous age... But the village priestess reminded the people of the words of Sonmi. They all knew them by heart, of course, but the priestess recited the end of Sonmi's revelation often to give them extra help during those hard times. She would always explain how their goddess's all-seeing wisdom could help them overcome their present fears. As Sonmi told them, they were bound to all who lived: to those who had come before them, and those were yet to come. The struggle of life extended far beyond their current troubles. Right now, they could not know the fate of their little village; however, deeds in the present shaped the future. For every one of them who chose to resist fear and to live in kindness and faith, their people would be the stronger, their future the brighter. This was the greatest power they had. The people had listened, and prayed, and waited for a sign of hope to welcome; now, they had one. All joined in giving the young couple gifts and wishing them blessings; together, the whole village helped them to build their new home, and admired it when it was finished. Not only was the home well built, but well-furnished by his mate with many artifacts, fragments, and curiosities from the previous age. Some were pretty, others useful, and a number were both. A few had been gifts, while she had found many others herself, often rigging them to clever new purposes. All their people gathered and made use of such things, but no one had quite her flair or passion for it. She even acquired a few prized objects from the mysterious white-clad, brown and dark-skinned biannual visitors from the sleek ships that glided over the water. She loved those visitors, and she bartered for any items with which they would part with more eagerness than true haggling sense. Many considered the brown people in white to be a race of higher beings; they clearly had possession of some of the mysterious powers of the fallen age, though they never shared these with the villagers. They were unfailingly polite and gently curious, which warmed most villagers to them, yet they spoke little about themselves and never remained for long. Whenever they did reappear, his mate was among the first to welcome them. In good time, he and his mate welcomed their dear boy, strong and eager. The birth truly seemed to bring health and peace to the entire village, for several other healthy babies were born in the coming year, and the wasting sickness seemed to subside. Meanwhile, the fierce tribes began to war among themselves on the other side of the island, decimating each other and leaving the village alone. One day, as their small boy eagerly and messily helped him leave offerings at their ancestors' shrine, his mate came to him, beaming again. Soon their sweet girl arrived, to their great delight. More happy years flowed by, as the children grew big and strong; he and his mate praised Sonmi for showing them such goodness. They even dared to hope for another child, though they had already been blessed more than many. She was a kind mother to their children, a strong companion, a giving and whole-hearted lover. He thanked Sonmi daily for sending him such a good mate. Yet sometimes, when he smoked the sacred grass and let his soul wander into deep prayer, he knew that there was another mate to whom he was bound for eternity... Sonmi herself. In the sacred dreams, he knew that he and Sonmi could not always be together; they had been in other ages, but Sonmi's soul was no longer bound to the world of the living. He knew with just as great certainty that he would be with Sonmi again some day, for every life was part of his eternal journey back to her... and in this life, Sonmi had sent him her sister to accompany him on his way. He truly loved this sister of Sonmi, and he knew that his goddess rejoiced to know this. He also knew that Sonmi's sister had been once very unhappy, in some other age; that he had tried to help her, and failed. He was so glad that he could give her a happy life at last. Yet now that life was shattered, he and his boy slaughtered and gone. Now she had only their little girl, and the brother who had hidden during the slaughter and done nothing. She didn't know that, exactly; she suspected. Still, she never blamed her brother for the day he came back from the offering place and told her that her mate and her boy had been attacked by savages, and that he had found them dead afterward, too late to help. She had collapsed to the ground, and he had run away, sobbing bitterly. He had never spoken of that day since. During her mourning, she had grieved through the depths of her soul for her beloved mate, for their brave and wonderful boy. She knew that grief would always be with her. At the lowest point of her despair, she had begged Sonmi to release her from her torment... but her goddess and sister had helped her to know that she had to be endure. She had to be strong for her sweet little girl, who was grieving her father and brother, and needed her now more than ever. And so, with Sonmi's help, she found strength she never knew she had, and endured. She knew that some well-meaning villagers thought that it would be best for her, her girl and their people if she took another mate as soon as possible. She heard their whispers even as they brought mourning gifts to sustain her and her girl, and joined them in weeping and remembering the lost. And she was aware of the eyes of the men on her; they looked at her differently now that her mate was gone. She also knew full well what everyone had been talking of anxiously: it had been another year without babies. Having borne two healthy children, her people would expect her to at least try to bear another. Her mate and son had not been the only ones lost recently to the savages; though much fewer in number, the surviving tribesmen had resumed their scattered attacks, and seemed to have grown more ferocious than ever. The people had begun to fear for their future once more. Yet as she neared the end of her mourning, she prayed to Sonmi for guidance, and a different answer came to her. Now was not the time for another mate and more children. No, now she must focus all her care on the one, precious child she had left, and on her suffering brother, who had no one else to stand by him. Still, on her last evening of mourning, a certain young man came to her home and proposed to her with unconventional directness. He was handsome and energetic, with bright eyes, wild hair and a confident, even cocky manner. As he put it, she was young, beautiful and clever, and so was he. What was more, she was a proven mother with a fine home. He had little to offer her yet, but because plenty of other men would be interested in her, he could only make sure he was the first to ask. He knew he could find no better mate than her in the entire village, and he wanted her to know that he was gifted and determined enough for many men. She could trust him to work hard, to rise among their people, and to provide well for her, her girl, and any other children that Sonmi sent them. He told her that he understood that she would never be able to love him as she had her first mate; as he said that, his shining eyes grew far away for a moment... yes, he understood very well. But he would be honored to build a new family with her and her little girl if she would have him. What did she say? She was more than a bit taken aback by his approach. Yet she couldn't feel offended; he was passionate and sincere, for all his overconfidence. Nevertheless, she simply could not see him as a mate, now or ever, and she told him this as kindly as she could. He was clearly disappointed, but accepted her answer with surprising grace. Then he asked if she would listen to him anyway, and held up a delicately carved wooden flute. Music was his greatest gift, he said; he had been working on a melody for some time, in the hopes of playing it for her. She could hardly refuse him... and as she listened the lovely, haunting tune, a very strange thing happened. It seemed that she could see Sonmi with her dear lost mate beside her, and their brave young boy between them. The vision was not fixed; their faces and clothing shifted constantly... yet it was them, always. She could feel their love for her, and hers for them; it was stronger than anything else in the world. They were connected to her and her sweet girl with bonds that could never be broken; they were reaching out for her brother, who would overcome the darkness in his soul and accept their love in time. No matter what happened, none of them would ever be alone. When he finished, she told the young man that Sonmi must have sent him, because his music had given her a sacred vision of comfort. She gave him her heartfelt thanks, and a gentle embrace. And he departed both touched and deeply pleased with himself, a beaming smile on his lips. With her mourning period ended, she opened her home to her brother. She also let it be known no new mate would be joining her and her girl for the foreseeable future. The people murmured, but the priestess told them that their sister must be guided by Sonmi. So they left her in peace. As for the brother, he had completely isolated himself in his own grief during her mourning, rather than sharing their sorrows as their people traditionally did; though this had hurt her greatly, she did not hold it against him. He was clearly still depressed now. Like her, after the mourning weeks, he had rejoined the village in the shared work that kept them all fed, clothed and sheltered; but for him, this usually meant disappearing with the goats all day. He was often irritable, and he grabbed at any possible excuse to shun others... even her. The villagers whispered about him, but she never stopped believing in his goodness. He could be sharp with her, but he was gentle to her little girl, and the closest thing to a father she had left. It seemed that only the child could coax a smile out of him anymore. She wished he would not let himself fall into such a state. Whatever he had seen and done, or not done, life went on... just as it went on for her, despite the loss of her mate and son. Life would always go on, and it could still be good, and interesting; even happy. Sonmi had helped her to know this. But her goddess and friend had never denied the inevitability of pain and death. Within the same year, the fierce cries of savage tribesmen echoed into the village itself, mingling with the terrified screams of her people. And she knew that, once again, her life was almost over. She grabbed her little girl and hid her in the house. She made her promise to be still and quiet, no matter what happened; she told her that she loved her, and that Sonmi would watch over her, always. Then she ran out of the house, praying to Sonmi to keep her child safe. Her brother was gone on a quest with their brown-skinned visitor, and she prayed that they would not return until after the savages left. Then, her brother would find her girl; he would take care of her. Even if none of the rest of the village survived, her girl and her brother would make a new life, somewhere, with their brown-skinned friends... she prayed to Sonmi that this would be their future. The tribesmen rode up, brutally killing her neighbors as she watched. She was no match for the savages physically, but she was clever, beautiful, and brave; she knew they liked to have fun with the prettiest women before killing them. So she let them see her... then she ran away from the house as fast as she could. As she ran, she beseeched her goddess in her heart. Please Sonmi, let them do their taking and hurting and destroying with me. Don't let them tear my house apart and find my girl, nor burn it with her inside. Please, let my girl live... and keep my brother and our friend from this slaughter… They soon caught her and began their fun. Although she knew she was going to die, she still had to fight them, to try to live, for every moment she clung to life and kept them with her was another moment she kept them from her girl. They laughed at her as she struggled; she punched one of them in the face even as he laughed. But they easily overpowered her, using her, hurting her, and as pain took over she just asked her goddess again and again to protect her child… her brother… the brown-skinned woman... please help them, Sonmi… But Sonmi was no goddess. Sonmi was her timid sister, with whom she had shared her secrets, who had smiled in delight with her as they watched the vidi scene over and over again. How had she come to think of her like that? There was no real reason why she had picked Sonmi to wake up that one sleep shift. By chance, her sister had spotted her holding the stolen access key on the First Day that Yoona earned her sixth star, and Sonmi her third. They'd been singing the xultation hymn. But Yoona hadn't been thinking about the freedom their sister was headed for, and that she herself could look forward to in six more years; instead, she'd been daydreaming about the secrets the key would allow her to continue to explore in a little more than twenty hours. Nearly another year had passed before she decided she wanted to share those secrets with someone. Seer Rhee didn't count; she liked having fun with him, but she liked exploring even more. She had decided she wanted someone to join her. She liked all of her sisters, but Sonmi was the only one who had seen her with the key. She remembered how surprised her sister had looked, her wide eyes clearly wondering what she was up to. Why not show her, now that there was something truly wondrous to share with her? When she finally woke her sister, she could tell that Sonmi was stunned by her behavior. She seemed deeply bothered when Yoona asked her if she'd ever thought about what it was like up in the Consumer world. But Yoona couldn't stop herself from asking such questions anymore, despite what the catechisms said. And she was no longer afraid of breaking them a little now and then. Still, she understood her sister's confusion; like her, Yoona hadn't dared even to think such thoughts for most of her life. It all had begun when Seer Rhee, who came to the diner after she earned her fifth star, woke her all by herself in the middle of a sleep shift. He had told her to lie on one of the cold grey Consumer tables, and she had of course obeyed. But then he began to touch her all over with his hands and mouth, holding her body against him as he did so, breathing hard. At first she was afraid. She submitted to his actions, as she must, just like she did during the frequent smacks, gropes, and other touches the Consumers in the diner dealt her. But her mind told her what he was doing was very different, and went against the catechisms, strongly. And yet, her body seemed to be responding to what he was doing... strongly. What he did made her feel excited in a way she had never been before... in a way she found herself liking, very much. She knew that this was very wrong. She was a Papa Song server; these things had nothing to do with her work, and no Consumer was paying the Corporation for them. She still had to let a Consumer, especially a Seer, do whatever he wanted, always, but she should not be getting excited by what he was doing to her. She almost wanted to grab him with her own arms and hold him more tightly against her... to know how his own skin felt beneath her hands, her mouth... of course she must not do this, but oh, how she wanted to. What was happening to her? She should stop herself from feeling this... she should make herself go empty inside while this was happening, and forget all about it when it stopped. She knew how; she had been taught. It was what a fabricant must do, and surely what all other fabricants had done when this happened to them... yet it felt good, so good. Had any fabricant besides her ever felt this good? She did not know how, or why, she was different than all the others. She only knew that she wanted to keep feeling this... and so, she did. It was the first choice she ever made, though she did not truly understand this until the end. After a while, Seer Ree fumbled with his clothes, pulled her pelvis toward his and pushed them together. The good, exciting feeling had become highly concentrated in her pelvic area, and the increased contact seemed to make it exponentially stronger. She could hardly think straight; yet somehow, she realized that he was about to push the hard, warm part of his body between his legs into the warm, strangely wet gap between hers... and that she wanted him to. Yet she knew from her conditioning phase that this activity was reserved for fabricants who worked in very different places than Papa Song's; and her excitement turned suddenly to fear again. What would happen if he did this to her, when she hadn't been made for it? Would something happen to destroy her for such a transgression, as deadly as the collar around her neck? Her fear seemed to come true as he pushed into her, causing terrible pain. It felt as if she were tearing inside; surely he was too big to fit in there, and would kill her! It hurt so much that she could not keep herself from blinking involuntarily... it was the most she had ever shown physical discomfort in her life, and the extent of what was allowed by her conditioning. Then he began to pull himself out, to her relief—only to push himself back in almost immediately, hurting her again. He continued this in a rhythmic pattern, and she continued to hurt, and fear she would die, and wish he would stop; but of course, she could never physically push a Consumer away, no matter what he was doing to her. She could only continue to lie there, letting him do what he would, without showing any other sign of her misery. But as Seer Rhee kept up what he was doing, the pain began to lessen; it seemed that her body could fit him after all. After several minutes, the discomfort was no more than an dull ache. What was more, he was touching her again, running a hand over her thighs, up her belly, kneading and working her breast in a way that somehow made her excited all over again... soon, the pain was forgotten entirely. Then, she could no longer stop her body from moving against his, and her breath quickened, and gasped, and sighed, as the good feeling filled her again, stronger than ever... and Seer Rhee got a very surprised look in his eyes. Then he smirked, made a pleased sort of grunting noise, and began to thrust into her all the more intensely. And she could hardly believe it, but she liked this even more… Maybe there had been a flaw in her engineering. Like all her sisters, she had no memories from her conditioning phase, but it had taught her how to follow the catechisms perfectly, and how to stop herself if she was tempted to stray, until this became reflex. She was able to do this countless times a day when it came to other things; it was a fabricant's sacred duty. True, she couldn't stop Seer Rhee from doing these things, but she should at least want him to stop. She knew that when she moved with him, she was encouraging him to continue, which was most definitely the opposite of wanting him to stop. She certainly shouldn't feel herself wanting more and more— of course she never said anything, but she felt the desire within her, stronger than any other she had ever known. And she definitely should not be looking forward to the next time he woke her up, wondering if it would it be her next sleep shift… hoping very much that it would be! But she did. The things they had done together simply felt too good. He must have liked them too, because he did wake her again the next sleep shift. And this time, there was no pain for her at all... only the excited, good feelings, over and over again... Still, at the beginning she had been afraid that they would be found out, or that Seer Rhee would tell others what they had done. Either way, she would be xcised. But she always crept back to her box unseen, went back to sleep, and woke again at Hour 4 to get ready for the next work shift with nobody the wiser. Even though the meetings took away from her sleep, she never really felt tired. Seer Rhee didn't come to see her every sleep shift, and whether he did or not, the autostimulant always woke her right up with the rest of her sisters when it was time. And she was always able to do her work properly, no matter how little she'd slept; sometimes she even felt as if the things they were doing gave her extra energy. And Seer Rhee didn't tell anyone; they kept doing the things together, and nothing bad happened. He seemed very happy to do what she let him do, and he also seemed to know that she enjoyed what he did. He especially seemed to like it when she moved with him. She found that thinking during the work shift about the fun they had in the sleep shift made the work less monotonous. She hadn't even thought the work was monotonous before; but then, she hadn't known about other ways to occupy time than work and sleep. That had changed since Seer Rhee woke her. She was started to think a lot of different things now that she never had before… it was as if the feelings in her body were changing her mind as well. She even thought about doing the things she did with Seer Rhee with a few of the Consumers she saw, the ones she thought looked nice. She always had a perfect smile for every Consumer, however they looked, and she never once lapsed in her duties, but she found that thinking such things helped the long hours until the next sleep shift pass more quickly. She started to wonder about the lives of the Consumers she served. Amongst themselves, they probably did the same things that she and Seer Rhee did with each other… what else did they do? It was strange that she could do at least some of the same things as them, yet they and Seer Rhee were born Consumers, and allowed to do whatever they liked, whenever they liked… while she and her sisters were fabricants grown in wombtanks, and had to work for Consumers, and were allowed to do only what the Consumers liked. Seer Rhee also liked to drink soap. Yoona had never heard of a Consumer drinking soap. It was probably forbidden; it was the fabricant's sacred, perfect food, according to the catechisms. But it seemed to make him feel so happy, and he fell asleep so deeply afterward, that she wouldn't have reported him even if she could… and she couldn't, because he was the Seer—who else could she tell? It did seem funny that a Seer could do forbidden things, but a fabricant could not. But in any case, the soap made Seer Rhee feel good, and she realized that she liked that, forbidden or not. And it also meant she could go exploring while he slept so deeply… and she found herself liking this even more. It was so nice to have the whole diner to herself. As she looked on the deserted grey tables and chairs, she imagined the Consumers she had seen there during the day. She wondered where they went when they left the diner. What things were they doing now? She thought about the many things she heard them say to each other, all day long. The catechisms forbade her to eavesdrop, of course, and much of what she heard she did not understand... yet she found it surprisingly easy to work with the sacred speed and efficiency even as she listened and wondered. She even imagined what it would be like to sit among the Consumers and talk to them herself. Not just the greeting and taking of orders and farewell… to really talk to them, asking what they did, what they liked… how they lived… Perhaps one of them would even invite her to leave the diner and go up into the Consumer world with him, and show her what it was like. She knew that all of these thoughts were forbidden. But they were only in her head, and no one else could find them out, so she was safe. Despite what the catechisms told her, she knew now that she could keep secrets in her head, as long as she did her work perfectly and never stopped smiling. She couldn't get xcised just for having thoughts, so why should she try to stop them anymore? Those thoughts could never come true, anyway. She would never sit and talk with Consumers, nor see what their world was like. She could leave the diner only through xultation. After she had worked for twelve years, her contract would be complete. As her sisters sang the hymn, she would put on a white dress and hood, and bid farewell to them. Then the red-robed attendants would lead her out of the diner, to a special place just for fabricants who no longer had to work. She knew from her conditioning phase that it was a wonderful place, where she would be free and happy, together with all the other fabricants who had served Papa Song for twelve years. But to ask anything more about it was against the catechisms, and would prevent her from ever going there… so she knew nothing more. It did sound lovely, to leave the diner and be free—yet if she were truly free, couldn't she then go wherever she wanted? Somehow, she knew that even then, she could not. It was because she was a fabricant, of course, and not a pure-blood. Fabricant freedom was not the same as pure-blood freedom; that was just the way it was. Six more years now seemed like such a long time to work before she could leave the diner. And even then, she wouldn't be able to get the answers to the questions that filled her, nor see what she wanted so much to see. The thought gave her… pain… inside. She had known many different kinds of pain, but never this kind. It didn't seem to come from any particular place. And she couldn't just ignore it, or withstand it until it faded… and so it remained. She knew that if things were different, if she could be free like a pure-blood, somehow, the pain would go away... but how could such things change? There was, however, one thing she could change. There were parts of the diner that were forbidden and locked to her, even during the sleep shift; however, from watching Seer Rhee get soap for himself from the storeroom, she knew he kept the access key in his pocket. After thinking about it for some weeks, she stole the key from him one shift while he slept. It was a very frightening thing to do. The feelings Yoona had about the things she and Seer Rhee did, and her thoughts about the Consumers, and her wanting things to be different, were all forbidden, but no one could find out about them. The things she and Seer Rhee did were forbidden too, but they had been his idea, not hers. As a fabricant, she still had to let a pure-blood do whatever he wanted to her, even if it got her xcised-though that didn't make a bit of sense anymore when she thought about it, even if it was a catechism. But anyway, stealing a piece of Consumer property was one of the greatest xcisable offenses. She'd really committed one now, outwardly, and all by herself. But Seer Rhee liked the things they did so much; she didn't think he wanted her to be xcised. Surely he wouldn't want to lose their fun over such a tiny little key, when he could easily get another one, and no one else would know what she was doing with it. Anyway, he would probably just think he had lost it. He was unaware of anything she did once he'd had his soap. In the end, getting to explore the restricted rooms was more than worth her initial fear, especially once she got into the lost and found. There were so many Consumer things there, and new items frequently appeared, and she could handle and play with and wonder about the uses of all of them as much as she wanted after Seer Rhee passed out. There were even a very few, precious Consumer media items. There was an apple with endless songs of swift and steady beat, the type of which she had occasionally seen Consumers play in the diner and move their bodies to in apparent high excitement. The songs were great fun to listen to, and even more fun when she tried imitating the excited movements herself as the apple played; somehow, the song movements were similar to the more intense movements she and Seer Rhee made together. Unfortunately, the apple disappeared from the lost and found after only a few shifts, reclaimed by either Consumer or Corporation. So the next time such a precious thing appeared, she hid it at the bottom of a carton, and there, to her great joy, it remained: the kino. She watched the short vidi it contained over and over for an entire month after it appeared, and it still seemed just as amazing as when she first found it. As before, well before the sleep shift ended, she would creep back to her open sleep box and lie down. The sensor would automatically close it, shutting her inside, just as it did when she lay down with the rest of her sisters after their soap feeding. After a while, she would fall asleep, and wake up again with the rest of her sisters before the next work shift, and no one would have any idea what she had been up to in the night. Yoona did notice that she didn't fall asleep right away when she hadn't just drunk soap; she realized that something in soap must make her sisters, and Seer Rhee, able to sleep very quickly and deeply. She sometimes even felt uncomfortable when she lay down in her box by herself, and the door closed and locked her inside; somehow, the box seemed narrower and darker than it ever had before. But thoughts of pleasant times with Seer Rhee and her magnificent explorations comforted her, and she was always able to fall asleep again before long… it was just more difficult. The first night, she carefully pried up a small corner of the matting that covered the bottom of her sleep box from the frame, and hid the access key in the tiny space; however, as time went by, she took to carrying it with her everywhere, hiding it in her clothes and sometimes even her hands during the day. She would take it out and admire it whenever the rare moment came when she had nothing else to do... she was a bit careless at that First Day ritual, gazing down at the key while she stood in line with her sisters, Sonmi right next to her. But she only smiled at Sonmi's shocked face, feeling almost proud, knowing her sister couldn't begin to imagine all the secret discoveries that Yoona had been dreaming of, past and future... The kino had been the best discovery of all. But she found herself thinking that it was so amazing, she just had to share it with someone… someone who would find it as wondrous as she did. Seer Rhee was used to such things, and she couldn't very well tell him about stealing his key and going into the forbidden rooms. No, she would show one of her sisters... Sonmi. There was no chance during work. But she had noticed that Seer Rhee sometimes reprogrammed her box after they had fun together during the sleep shift, before he drank his soap. He visited her often, but not every sleep shift; when she saw him reprogram her box, he never came the next shift. Eventually, she realized that he was removing the separate revival he had set for her. That meant he didn't just manually wake her each time, but sometimes kept a separate revival set in advance. And that meant that Yoona could set a separate revival for a sister, if she wanted to. For a number of sleep shifts, she discretely observed Seer Rhee's actions around the sleep box controls before he drank soap. And she carefully examined the controls and their settings after he passed out, until she was certain that she understood how they worked. Finally, Yoona waited for the next shift that Seer Rhee left her revival set; then, while he lay passed out, she set Sonmi's box to wake her up during his next visit. It was lovely having Sonmi share all of her secrets. She had wanted Sonmi to see what she and Seer Rhee were doing, not just tell her about it; it now made her feel more than a bit special that she and a Seer were having fun together, and she was truly gratified by her sister's astonished face as she hid and watched. She also felt very powerful later as she demonstrated to Sonmi how deeply the Seer slept by lifting up his arm, then dropping it. But after she did that, Yoona couldn't help stroking his face a little bit. She didn't want to hurt him. She didn't just like the things he did… she liked him too. But even better than showing off her secret with Seer Rhee was talking to a sister when no one else could hear them, and speaking her most secret thought aloud, for the first time in her life. \"Do you ever wonder what it is like up there… with the Consumers?\" Sonmi seemed anxious, and immediately said that the third catechism forbade such questions. But just saying her thought out loud had made Yoona feel better, somehow. She had to pull Sonmi toward the lost and found, then coax her inside; after all, Sonmi did not yet know that the catechisms were wrong, and that secrets could be kept. She did her best to convey to Sonmi her confidence, the certainty that they could enjoy this secret together: she even called her Sonmi -ya, as she had heard some female Consumers say when they seemed to feel especially connected to one another. It pleased her so much, to talk to her sister the way a Consumer would. Of course, the best thing of all was showing Sonmi the treasure of the lost and found: the kino. It felt so, so good to see that the vidi enchanted Sonmi just as much as it did her. Yoona even spoke the man's words along with him as the vidi repeated, proud of how well she knew them. Sonmi was far more timid than she was, but Yoona could see that she had the same ability to like things, and to ask questions. Sonmi just didn't ask any questions of her own, yet . It had taken Yoona quite a while herself. It had begun with the strange but good feelings in her body, and those feelings had led to questions, and the questions to explorations, and the explorations to more feelings, and those to more questions… With Sonmi, it could be something quite different that made her start asking questions; it could even be many different things at once. Maybe when things started happening to Sonmi, she would start asking even more questions than Yoona. And maybe she could learn the answers to the questions a lot faster than Yoona could… perhaps even all the answers, to all the questions. Then, she would tell others about what she had learned, and they would praise her, and remember her, and ask her for help, for a long time… perhaps she would end up a goddess in that way. A goddess? What's a goddess? Yoona had been enjoying her imaginings, something she found herself doing more and more lately. But she didn't quite know where that word had come from, or what it meant. Anyway, Yoona liked Sonmi much, much better than her other sisters now that they shared a secret. Eventually, it was time to end their secret meeting. She hid the kino in the bottom of the carton, led her sister back to their open sleep boxes, and lay down in hers. Just before the box closed her in again, she glimpsed Sonmi getting into her own box, and smiled at her. She knew that the Seer hadn't reprogrammed her revival before he passed out, and so she had left Sonmi's box set too, and that meant they would visit each other again the very next shift. When it came, Yoona could hardly wait for the Seer to be done, which was unusual for her. When he had finally finished, he again left her box set before he started to down his soap. She felt absolutely thrilled that she had the chance to be with her sister now and the next sleep shift as well, and she came to Sonmi beaming once he had fallen asleep. She thought she caught a miniscule twitch of her sister's lips in return, before worry returned to her face. Still, she looked a tiny bit less fearful than she had during the previous visit. They didn't speak; just went straight to the lost and found together, sat down again with the kino, and watched the vidi in quiet, shared wonder for as long as they dared. And Yoona found herself liking it more than ever. What Yoona had found herself liking less and less were some of the Consumers. The ones that pushed or hit her, or yelled at her, or threw things at her… that did things to her body... that laughed at her. The Consumers that pushed and yelled and threw things were easier to ignore, but there didn't seem to be quite as many of them as the Consumers who did things to her body. Often, the Consumers touched the same parts of her body that Seer Rhee did; sometimes they made movements or sounds that reminded her of what she and the Seer did together. Usually, they did this while laughing at her. Even though she sometimes liked to think about doing the things she did with Seer Rhee with the nice-looking Consumers, when it came to these other Consumers, Yoona only felt bad… especially when they laughed. It seemed like they thought they could do whatever they wanted to her, or around her, and that she wouldn't feel anything. Actually, her conditioning still told her not to feel anything, but she did feel things now, all the time. She had such strong, good feelings in her body with Seer Rhee, and he seemed to want her to feel good, or at least to enjoy it when she did… but these Consumers clearly didn't want her to feel good. She truly couldn't remember the things the Consumers did making her feel so bad in all the years before Seer Rhee woke her. It was a normal part of being a diner server. If she had any urges to do something forbidden, like try to stop the Consumer from doing something, she was to obey the catechisms, smile, and keep working as best as she could. And she had obeyed the catechisms, day after day after day. How could she have such strong feelings now, and not have had any then? She knew she hadn't ever liked what those Consumers did. She had just thought that was the way some of them were, while others yelled, and a few were violent, and many more simply ordered her around. It hadn't occurred to her that anything a Consumer did could ever make her feel good, until Seer Rhee. But now, she actually looked out for the nice Consumers who she imagined could also make her feel good... like that dark-skinned man with the warm eyes whom she had seen several times… he had even smiled at her once. And his smile had made her feel as good as the things Seer Rhee did to her, though in a very different way; she didn't understand where it came from, but it was a very, very good feeling. But maybe along with all that came the awareness that a Consumer could also make her feel really bad... or maybe she just hadn't allowed herself feel either good or bad, before. Or maybe she had felt them both, just pushed the feelings deep down inside herself, and made herself forget them... it was all so confusing. She thought a lot about the vidi scene. The old man spoke strongly to the lady at the desk. He clearly felt bad, but wouldn't accept whatever was being done to him; so he said so, and walked away. It was a grand thing to do… to say what you felt, and just walk right out of a place where you didn't want to be. Yoona knew Sonmi was just as impressed by the scene; she hadn't said anything, but her eyes had shone with wonder. If her timid, catechism-fearing sister Sonmi loved it, it must be right for Yoona to love it too. Of course, the man was doing something only Consumers could do. But Yoona had found herself imagining that she was a Consumer lately, and could say and do something like that whenever anything made her feel bad. She didn't, of course. But imagining she could was somewhat comforting… and she needed comfort, because what some of the Consumers did really hurt her inside. And she realized that what she felt was even more than hurt; it was hurt mingled with a boiling, hot, uncontrollable feeling she could not name… She certainly hadn't planned to punch the face of the young Consumer who squirted mayonnaise all over her back during the next work shift, thrusting the bottle and grunting, while his friends laughed. But she knew that he thought she had no idea what he was pretending to do, and no feelings regarding it at all. He thought she would just smile and accept it and keep on working, while he had his fun... that she was a thing, to use and laugh at and forget about. It hurt her so much, and the boiling feeling returned, and something snapped inside her. Her punch knocked him to the floor. Everyone in the diner froze and stared at her. Only then did she realize what she had done, and that there was no way she was getting away with it this time. She'd committed a severe anti-catechism in front of everyone. There would be no sneaking back to her sleep box now. Well, she might as well say it. She'd wanted to for so long. \"I will not be subjected to criminal abuse,\" she spoke steadily, looking around at her captive audience. There was a little girl in front of her who looked familiar… but that couldn't be. The child was just another Consumer, and she wasn't familiar with any Consumer except one. And yet she knew she knew this girl, and liked her… more than liked her. She would do anything for her. Why? It didn't make sense. But the girl seemed to recognize her too, and to want to help her. She was holding out an orison, as if offering it to her. This was her chance! The orison would open the Consumer elevator, and let her leave this place—just like Tim Cavendish. She snatched it from the child and ran as fast as she could, shoving panicked Consumers aside, pointed it at the elevator and clicked. The lift was on its way. But an alarm had sounded, and a sickening awareness hit her. Of course she couldn't leave; she wore the collar. It should have kept her from running away after she hit the Consumer. But it hadn't— She turned around and saw Seer Rhee holding up the detonator. She frantically clicked the orison a few more times, but the lift was still approaching. It wouldn't matter anyway... but she had to try, because suddenly she wanted so much to live. To walk out of this place, which she now knew she hated... to do and say whatever she wanted, with whomever she wanted. To be happy. She looked back at Seer Rhee. He seemed reluctant. He had waited this long, triggered the alarm—what did he think, that she'd just sit quietly until someone took her away for xcisement, and spare him the trouble of using the detonator? Or maybe Seer Rhee didn't want either thing to happen. Maybe he wanted her to escape. He'd liked what they'd done together so much. She'd always been willing, she'd let him do whatever he wanted to her, and let him have her pleasure, too—could he really just end her life now? He must like her too, at least a little. She clicked the orison again and shook her head at him, desperately, pleading. But then she saw his eyes grow hard, and she knew that he would do it. And in that instant, she realized that he was the worst of any of the Consumers who'd abused and disregarded her, by far. He had used her in the worst way of them all, and he was about to disregard her in the worst way of all. He had not cared how she would feel, the first time he woke her up. He had liked it when she felt good, but that had been her choice, not something he had wanted or even considered. He would have used her even if she had only felt hurt, or scared, or stopped herself from feeling anything. He did like her too, but that would not stop him from using the detonator. If he had not liked her quite so much, he probably would have gotten rid of her much sooner. In the end, she was only a thing to him, too; he did not care whether she was happy, or even if she lived. It hurt her more than anything she had ever felt. But despite this, a part of her was glad she finally knew the truth. It made her feel… free. He clicked the detonator; a compact explosion, a sharp pain, and blood was fountaining from her neck. She clasped at it in vain. The last thing Yoona saw as she collapsed was Sonmi, watching her silently from the counter with strangely bright eyes… at least, as she died, her sister and friend was with her… The chief of the savages was having his turn now. She knew that when he was done using her, he would kill her. As her consciousness soared off, away from the blood and the pain, she also knew that he was the one who had killed her mate… and that his soul was the same one that had used and killed her before. But Sonmi was with her, and Yoona's soul was far greater than he could imagine. He had treated her as a thing to use and discard... but this only revealed his weakness. And even in oppressing her, he had given her a choice. Then, she had chosen to feel; now, she tried to save her child... choices that gave her power, and set her free. Nothing could change this; not even dying at his hands, as she was again now. He, too, had died, soon after he ended her life, at his own hands, unable to live with what he had done. He would die again soon, at the hands of her brother, whose journey was not yet done... but her brother would find his way soon. She could only pity that other, lost, soul, who chose to hurt and use others, again and again... yet she was somehow grateful to him as well. And now she was with Sonmi, her soul eternally free. Sonmi's eyes were opening, and Yoona vanished from Hae-Joo's mind as the third day began. But he would have one more, brief vision of her a few hours later. He was starting to feel sleepy sooner than before; the stimulant doses were less able to compensate for his increasing sleep deprivation. He decided to have his nap a bit earlier than usual, take another half dose of stimulant, and push through the evening until Sonmi retired. He should be able to manage without stimulants from that point on; four hours was the minimum amount of sleep on which he could function naturally, though he would feel tired as his body readjusted after the unusual demands of the past two days. But he was confident now that she could sleep safely on her own, and so he could sleep the same four hours that she did that night. She had adapted well to her new, if isolated life, and was learning at an incredible pace. Their days here had fallen into a very pleasant rhythm, and he hated to uproot her when she was clearly comfortable and flourishing. Yet he knew it would be safest to bring her to Old Seoul as soon as she was ready. While a delayed traumatic reaction seemed unlikely, it was still possible; she'd left the diner just two and a half days ago, and changing location would trigger at least some anxiety for her. He decided to keep them in the flat one more night to bolster her. He could discuss their moving with her in the morning. If she seemed ready—and he was almost certain she would be—then they would be in the old city by the following night. By early afternoon, he was quite drowsy, and he fell asleep soon the instant he lay down. Unusually for him, the visions that came to him in meditation continued in his dreams, haunting his overtired mind as he slept. He saw Yoona lying in a bloody heap once more… she'd been used and slaughtered again, as she had been in the diner while Sonmi watched, unable to shed tears for her. But her brother was there now, weeping, kissing her, mourning her. The brother, or the doctor…? The brother had been weak and selfish, but the doctor was far worse, wicked in his greed. He had poisoned the lawyer to steal the blue gems of his waistcoat buttons, his precious wedding ring, and his chest of gold... the lawyer knew it now, but he was so sick and wasted he could hardly move, let alone do anything about it. As he convulsed and shook, he thought again and again of his beloved red-haired wife, her wide, sweet eyes and slender, beautiful body… how he wished he could see her, one last time. Then, the dark-skinned sailor came to his aid. He realized what the doctor was doing, and he fought him, risking his life for his friend. The doctor beat the sailor, bit him savagely, held him down and tried to choke him to death… and the lawyer couldn't let that happen. Finding strength from somewhere other than his current, frail body, he got to his feet, lifted the immensely heavy chest of gold the doctor had coveted, and smashed the doctor's skull in. The two friends clung to each other, wheezing and embracing; then, the dark man fetched bowl after bowl of salt water, which he made the lawyer drink until he retched, again and again, bringing the poison back up from his depths… The doctor had been defeated. But the brother was running, running through the woods with his sister's girl in his arms, the bloodthirsty tribesmen close behind him. He'd killed the chief, snoring drunk on mead and blood on the floor of his ruined home, avenging his sister and his people; but it had been a mistake, a terrible mistake. He hadn't heeded the final warning Sonmi had sent him: Enemy sleeping, don't slit that throat. Sonmi's warnings had only done great good before; they had saved him once, and the brown-skinned woman twice. But this time, he had refused to listen over his hate. The savage was the same brutal tribesman who'd slain his sister's boy and mate while he'd hidden, too weak in his fear to help them. And now the savage had slaughtered his sister and her little girl, along with the rest of their village. But the brother would exact revenge. He'd awoken the enemy, yes… but only when his knife pressed against the savage's throat just before sawing it through. The brother felt dread mingling with vengeful pleasure as the tribesman screamed and gurgled, choking on his own fountaining blood. It was a horrible sight... but was it dread he felt, or something else... yet how could it be… pity? Pity for this loathsome creature that had robbed him of everything… yet who was still a man, like him, who tried desperately to cling to life even as he died... just as the brother would have? Then, the brother heard a small noise. He followed it, his heart beating wildly… whipped up the curtain of the corner storage cupboard, and cried tears of joy to discover his frightened little niece alive. He crushed her small body to him and kissed her as she collapsed against him, whimpering with relief. Then he heard the savages returning on their horses. As he peered carefully outside, the second in command of the tribe stopped in front of the house and whistled for the chief... and the brother realized what he had done. When the chief did not emerge, the second dismounted and entered the house. He found the body of the chief; heard the brother trying to sneak the child and himself out the back window, and lunged after them. And now the brother could only clutch the girl and run through the woods. Suddenly he found himself back in the place of his great shame, where he had hidden behind a rock as nephew and brother-in-law were killed. The evil demon with cold eyes returned to the rock to laugh and gloat. His dark suit was a mockery of that of the lawyer, the doctor's intended victim, a symbol of past sins about to be punished. And then the brother was surrounded by savages. He pushed the child into the bushes to hide, frantically pulled out his small knife to defend her. He fought as hard as he could, but in half a minute, the lead tribesman had his huge blade at his throat. He was trapped and despairing, just like the friend he hadn't tried to save, gazing at the rock for help that would never come… But help did come. The brown-skinned woman in white rose from behind the rock and fired her weapon, shooting a bright bolt at the tribesman holding the knife. The blade slashed the brother's face deeply as the tribesman fell backward... but the brother was spared from slaughter. The woman killed several other savages, one after another. Then, one shot in her in the leg with an arrow as he fell, and she cried out. Another aimed a crossbow at her, and the brother leaped on him, both crossbow and his knife flying aside. He reached for his knife, but the savage grabbed the cord that held the blue gem at his neck, strangling him, and another jumped on the woman, wrenching the arrow from her leg for a weapon as she screamed… the brother strained and choked, reaching desperately for the knife as his neck bled... Then the cord broke, and he was free. He grabbed his knife and stabbed the tribesman; took the crossbow, and shot the savage attacking the woman. They were safe. He had saved them all: the brown-skinned woman in white whom he had begun to trust and care for, his sister's sweet little girl… and himself. As he scooped the child into his arms again, the brown woman staggered toward them. Thank Sonmi, she said shakily. Hae-Joo's eyes were opening as his brother's response echoed in his mind. No… thank you.[Chapter 7] Sonmi watched as he rose and took a final half dose of stimulant. It would have to last him for the rest of the afternoon and evening, until he slept again when she did. She looked curious: perhaps at the break in his established pattern? But her eyes seemed to be lingering on his chest… she was also nodding her head slightly up and down, as if to a light beat. He had to smile; it was sweet. To distract him from his drowsiness, and because he, too, was curious, he unblocked his aural nerve so he could hear whatever she was listening to. It sounded like early 21st century jazz, but the theme was familiar. In fact, it had been reused over and over through the years, in hundreds of arrangements and variations; there had even been a snatch of it on the Tim Cavendish vidi soundtrack. But only a very few hardcore fanclub types, as Hae-Joo had been, knew the title and composer of the original composition, and could digit it. He sat down next to Sonmi, eager to share this with her. But it seemed that she knew the theme already; she had even started to hum along. It hit him. Xultation. He had forgotten that fabricants knew this musical theme perhaps better than anyone. It formed the basis of the traditional hymn they sang once a year, on the day designated by their establishment for those sisters or brothers who had worked for twelve years to process happily away, replaced by new additions… off to supposed freedom. His mood had turned black. It seemed a cruel trick of time and fate that such beautiful music could accompany such an atrocity. She had stopped humming and nodding, and was looking at him with a troubled expression. The change in his mood must have been obvious. But he couldn't explain to her why right now… she wasn't ready for that truth. And then an angry, frustrated sigh escaped him, startling her. When, and how, could she ever be ready for that?! It was part of his duty to help her learn it eventually; he now realized he dreaded it. But this was not the time. She had been free for less than three full days, and she was doing so well, she was even happy to be learning . He couldn't destroy that… not yet. Sonmi had turned off the music, probably thinking it was bothering him. He didn't know how close, yet far off she was in that thought. She looked chagrined… and now he had another great reason to hate Unanimity's corruption of all good things, because it had made sweet Sonmi think he was mad at her. Sweet Sonmi? Take it easy, Chang. Well, she was sweet. But he knew he was getting carried away, and he tried to hide the darkness in his heart, to smile reassuringly at her. She didn't look convinced, and lowered her eyes sadly. Damned if he was going to let Unanimity ruin everything. He turned and digited the piece of music that he had loved ever since he stumbled on it as a youth: Robert Frobisher's Cloud Atlas Symphony. She drew in a breath as the lovely theme returned, magnificently rendered now with the real wooden and stringed instruments of centuries past. Such sweetness and longing… bliss mingled with melancholy. Hearing it made his heart swell again, because no matter what, nothing could change the beauty of this music. He had researched the composer, and the only information about Robert Frobisher to be found could be gleaned from his letters to his male lover, Rufus Sixsmith, when both were in their early 20s. The letters had been pretty difficult to digit, but Hae-Joo's patient efforts to find something, anything, about the life of Frobisher were eventually rewarded. They had been published through a small, independent press in the early 21st century by a distinguished American physicist, of all people. However she had come by the letters, and whatever the reason she had published them, Hae-Joo was glad; they told a fascinating and tragic tale. Frobisher had been disinherited by his family and practically thrown out of school for deviancy in his time, thanks to the wicked old prejudice against anything outside of the most rigid hetero-sexual expression; not all aspects of human culture before Unanimity had necessarily been better. From the wild fluctuations of his mind, it seemed Frobisher might also have had one of the old so-called mental illnesses. They had all since been eliminated by eugenics, though that had probably been for the worse. In the earlier letters, the brilliant and confident young Frobisher excessively glorified his pompous, parasitic employer, an ailing older composer whose talents had clearly faded long ago. It seemed that Frobisher essentially composed his works for him. He claimed to be assisting and collaborating with the older man; however, Hae-Joo never read any evidence that the elder did much more than warble tuneless phrases, while Frobisher scribbled down his own musical ideas like an eager schoolboy. These were then published under the older composer's name, to be lauded as daringly original, reviving his vanished fame. But tellingly, the old man never mentioned even the existence of his assistant to the public. Reading between the lines, Hae-Joo suspected that Frobisher had been a bit in love with the older composer… or at least with the idea of his genius, and the connection between their souls. Frobisher described in one letter a night when his employer frantically roused him from bed, demanding to dictate to him a melody he had heard in a dream; however, when he could no longer remember it, the two men simply sat in their robes and pajamas and talked philosophy. Frobisher seemed deeply stirred by the encounter; in his own words, It was music that poured from his eyes… that breathed from his lips… music as beautiful as any I have ever heard . The words themselves were beautiful, as well as passionately sensual; it was impossible not to be moved by them. Yet it was clear that only Frobisher could hear the music of which he wrote… and the only affair that Frobisher mentioned was with his employer's wife, a lonely younger woman on a quest for intimacy. Frobisher seemed to view this as little more than a diversion, a favor to an attractive, curious woman bored by her stifled life with a sickly old man. And for all his mercurial interests and wanderings, Frobisher seemed to truly care for the recipient of his letters, the ever quiet Sixsmith. Frobisher also inferred that his employer's wife had been in love with a famous conductor, and he with her, before she married the older man; on the night that conductor visited their home, Frobisher noticed the tension in her body, and her abrupt departure from the dinner table. He later probed his employer, who reluctantly admitted that his wife and his colleague had had an undefined association in the past. However, his wife was a member of an ethnic minority, while the conductor came from a land then swept up in nationalism and prejudice against all deemed outsiders, and her ethnic group in particular. Hae-Joo knew from historical record that the land's government had not only been dabbling in Unanimic-style eugenics and experiments in Frobisher's time, but had also been quietly implementing a policy of genocide, exterminating minorities, dissidents, and countless others labeled undesirable on a scale massive even by current standards. Frobisher, however, was oblivious of all this, a fact he freely admitted in his letter: At his point in my life all I know, Sixsmith, is that this world spins from the same unseen forces that twist our hearts… Hae-Joo had always been struck by that sentence. It seemed he could almost envision the conductor, eyes regretful, yet disturbingly cold as they followed the old composer's unhappy wife out of the room… There was also some obsessive rambling about a journal that Frobisher had been reading. It was written by a sickly lawyer journeying by sailing ship in a previous century, and Frobisher had been unable to finish it due to half of the book missing. These random, apparently irrelevant details had powerfully resonated in Hae-Joo… he felt as if he knew the entire story of the lawyer's journey, and had even digited to try to find the now centuries-old journal and confirm this. But it was apparently lost to history, too old and obscure for even his skills to locate. He couldn't have read it, yet he knew he knew the story... intimately. Hae-Joo was certain that Frobisher was correct in his casual assumption that the lawyer's doctor was not aiding him with his potions, but slowly poisoning him. He also knew that Frobisher had not even reached the most crucial chapter of the lawyer's journey. Yet how could Hae-Joo be so sure that a runaway African slave eventually appeared in the narrative, forcing a turning point not only in the lawyer's journey over the ocean, but his life? He couldn't explain it. He just knew it was the truth. But the letters went on to conclude only Frobisher's story; and it was only when the younger composer trustingly played the early version of his cherished Cloud Atlas for the elder, and the elder greedily tried to claim the work as his own, that the poison in their relationship was brought to the surface. Finally realizing how blind he had been, Frobisher scathingly vilified his employer, declaring his intention to leave immediately. The old man tried to keep him in check by threatening to smear his reputation, which would have been a cruelly easy task at the time, given the younger man's sexual escapades. But Frobisher was determined to free himself, even if it condemned him. That night, for reasons even he seemed unable to fully explain, Frobisher stole his employer's revolver. As he packed his bags, he had a heated confrontation with the old man, who outright snatched the Cloud Atlas manuscript; in response, Frobisher shot him in the gut and snatched it back. He fled and developed his masterpiece into a full-fledged symphony while hiding from the authorities, impoverished, starving and sleep-deprived. He knew full well that the desperately worried Sixsmith had rushed across the country to aid him, having spotted his lover meters away, searching for him, as he sat atop the monument where he had described the daily sunrise in his letters. Yet for reasons Hae-Joo would never fully grasp, Frobisher hid from Sixsmith, watching his lover fondly until he could slip away. And after this, the young composer was apparently content to return to his hotel room and shoot himself in the mouth. He left the completed Cloud Atlas and an affectionate farewell letter for his lover to find. Hae-Joo could not begin to imagine what Sixsmith's agony must have been at this discovery, perhaps only moments after the gruesome, irreversible act... Surely his grieving lover had been entirely responsible for Frobisher's music having any life at all after his death. Like a faithful Archivist preserving the stories of even the condemned for posterity, the quiet Sixsmith had seen that the Cloud Atlas was published under the name of Robert Frobisher. It had achieved little recognition. This was no doubt due to the efforts of the old composer, who survived to suppress the legacy of his former slave, who had dared to fight back. Yet the music had spoken for itself... or, rather, it had sung, again and again. Its theme had evolved and been reborn countless times, to be heard by myriad souls; it would never be forgotten. Frobisher's story was one of blind self-deception, self-destruction, and glorious self-realization, all occurring simultaneously; Hae-Joo wouldn't share it with Sonmi tonight. Its tragedy made it hard for even a free being to understand... though it was beautiful, too. But for right now, he wanted her to know only the beauty of the music. As he gazed at her shining eyes, and he knew it was right for her to hear the Cloud Atlas now and love it. It was right, even though the theme was associated with her dream of xultation, that dearly awaited procession to supposed freedom, and she might later hate it when she learned the truth. It even seemed right for anyone to dream of freedom while listening this music; Hae-Joo knew that this must be how it had formed the fabricant hymn, somehow. Sonmi's path would be a bit like Frobisher's, swaying rapidly from bliss to anguish, light to darkness, unchanging only in its constant uncertainty. Hae-Joo could only hope that she would see it clearly in the end. They sat and listened to the Cloud Atlas Symphony all the way through. When it was finished, Sonmi sat in rapturous silence... but Hae-Joo wasn't done yet. After a few moments, he put on Frobisher's earlier composition, the piece that later birthed the Symphony, and the only other work published in his name: the Cloud Atlas Sextet. He let her hear its more youthful, searching quality, the delicate piano arrangement that was sweeter, yet far more fragile than the great, fully realized Symphony. There were many perceivable differences between the two. But rather than flaws, they were merely less evolved characteristics... like those of a younger soul still early in its journey to enlightenment. It moved him to see the wonder in her face as she listened. And when it ended, without either saying a word, they listened to the Symphony all over again. Then, he played for her several of his other favorites in western classical music: Beethoven's Symphony No. 7, then Mozart's Requiem, followed by that of Brahms. She was awestruck by the grandeur of the swelling, dancing, penetrating orchestral passages; the choruses now roaring, now echoing softly, and the soaring solo voices. Then it was time for the piano again: Bach's Goldberg Variations. Schubert's Sonata in C minor, a certain Scarlatti sonata… somehow, Hae-Joo loved these pieces in a very intimate way. Sonmi seemed to adore them too, swaying gently with emotion. It made him look at her slender hands, and he found he could almost envision her slim fingers dancing delicately over old, wooden keys. Yet few pure-bloods were even familiar with such instruments anymore, and she would never have seen one… but didn't he just see her fingers twitching? Of course. She played wonderfully… she'd played these pieces for him, the first time he heard them. She caught him looking at her, and smiled sweetly. He forgot everything but her smile, and the music. The only thing that could have made those hours together even more lovely would have been to hold her close to him as they listened... to touch her, even once... but he knew he couldn't. You could if she asked you to… if she knew it was what she wanted, and chose it, the voice in his head said. Perhaps… but no. Just no . It was too tantalizing, too fragile, and too unlikely a hope to even consider. It was past her usual sleep hour now, and finally, Hae-Joo would get some rest at the same time she did. The last stimulant was well worn off by now, and as wonderful as their prolonged music-listening had been, the cumulative demands he'd been putting on his body had made him very tired. She went to change into a white nightgown, and put on her pink-flowered robe again. That made him smile; it seemed to be her favorite. As she sipped her liquid protein, he turned up the habitat temperature for her, then went to don some sleeping clothes of his own, for a change. It was a bit warm for him, so he just pulled on light, loose pants, no shirt. He felt sure now that he wouldn't need the tranquilizer for her, but he placed the phaser from his jacket within easy access on a shelf in the closet. She watched him doing so, her brow furrowing. \"It's only a precaution,\" he said reassuringly. Then he wondered, drowsily, if she knew yet just what a phaser was. \"But it's dangerous if you don't know how to use it, so please don't touch it. And, uh… don't worry about it.\" She seemed a bit confused by his conflicting messages, but she nodded, trusting as ever. He felt a bit awkward again as he got out his mat and bedding. Naps were one thing; somehow, settling in for the night at the same time as her felt a great deal more intimate. He spread his mat on the floor, not too near her mattress... but the flat wasn't that big, so near enough. She was sitting on her bed, not lying down yet... and it was now quite obvious that she was staring at him. Well, for all she knew, he didn't sleep at night, and this was a major change—but no, her eyes were clearly lingering on his body. He realized that his low-slung black pajama pants gave her even more to see than when he exercised. It's just curiosity. He stifled the warmth that threatened to rise in him. Anyway, he was tired enough that he knew he would fall asleep easily, regardless. As he lowered himself to the mat, he looked back at her one more time. Strangely, she hadn't finished her drink. It was on the floor next to her… she always brought it to the disposal bin when she was done. Nor had she put her pillow aside. She was just sitting there on the mattress, fiddling restlessly with the folded blanket, not looking ready for sleep at all... He almost laughed—now that he had finally decided to sleep when she did, she wasn't sleepy, even past her normal hour. But he was exhausted, and she could stay up longer if she wanted; read, put on more music, watch a vidi, or just think. She'd be fine. Perhaps the music had given her a lot to think about; she did look like she had a lot on her mind. \"Are you okay, Sonmi?\" he asked her softly. She seemed about to ask him something, only to think better of it. She looked almost worried... was it because she saw that he wasn't going to watch over her tonight? He spoke gently. \"Normally I rest at night, just like you, but I stayed up to make sure you were all right these last few nights. And you've done wonderfully, night and day.\" He couldn't stop a note of pride from creeping into his voice, and he thought he saw a slight hint of a blush in her cheeks. He continued, warmly. \"I need to sleep a bit now, but you don't have to lie down yet if you're not ready. I'll leave you some light. And you can use the orison if you want, I'll block it out. I'll set my wake-up for four hours from now, but if you need anything before then, I'll be right here. Okay?\" He waited to see if she would respond. She did look relieved; she nodded, then gave him her tiny smile. He smiled back at her, touched as ever to see it. He was about to turn away when she spoke, very shyly. \"Good night.\" His heart squeezed to hear her say those two simple words to him for the first time. \"Good night,\" he answered… longing to take her in his arms all over again. But he turned away from her at last, and lay down. He lowered the light to a relaxed, rosy glow from the habitat screen; activated the wall viewscreen, in case she wanted to gaze on the city at night. Then, he programmed the habitat screen to match the beams of the sun again when it rose… he loved seeing her in that light. Finally, he set his sony to filter out any late-night digiting by her, and to wake him the next day. Then, he pulled the blanket up over his hips, and closed his eyes.[Chapter 8] Almost immediately, she was in his arms, his beautiful red-haired bride, she whom he loved and desired the most. Her sweet, passionate surrender consumed him with fire, with the need to fill her, to take her, to please her, forever and ever… Unlike many young men of his means and station, he'd been as inexperienced as she was their first time. At university, he had noticed his fellow students dallying whenever they could, usually with girls of lower class. He had watched them enjoy their mistresses, then drop them like forgotten playthings when their families finally introduced them to the young ladies they were intended to marry. But his parents had already passed away, leaving him a decent inheritance that would finance his law education and eventually enable him to start his own practice. He had always been drawn to the idea of eloquently arguing and negotiating just dealings among his fellow men, and he wished to prepare himself for an attorney's career as well as he could, without distractions. In addition, he had always been rather shy around girls; and the dalliances of his peers seemed so callous, besides. So he resolved to excel in his education and establish himself well in legal practice. Then, perhaps, he might go about doing whatever it was you did to find a wife. And so he had devoted himself to his studies, hoping they and the profession for which they were preparing him would fill the emptiness he sometimes felt. Indeed, he had high intentions that they would help him contribute to some higher purpose in the world. The world was a complicated place, her people's classes and races so sharply divided; this seemed to be an injustice to his young mind. However, many of the most respected thinkers and authorities of his time spoke of the natural order of human beings: the need, even the God-given right of a few men to hold the highest rank and privilege, while others were worthy of only some, and many more little, or none at all. Unresolved, he threw himself into his studies, telling himself that there could be no calling higher than justice, and that, somehow, it could be cleanly reconciled with the world's so-called natural order. Then he met her. She was the only child of his most esteemed professor's widowed friend, himself a distinguished businessman and an advocate of the natural order. His business was slavery, and he was a most eloquent apologist for it, expounding on its merits as a prolific writer and speaker; indeed, his powerful, somehow cold gaze seemed the very definition of righteous authority. The law student went with his professor one night to dine in a large gathering at the businessman's home... and from the moment he laid eyes on her, he knew his heart was hers. The young red-haired lady seemed so shy and delicate, so dependent on her highly protective father; yet in her wide green eyes he seemed to see depths of truth that he had dreamed of for his whole life and beyond. And in her sweet, quiet way of looking at him, of speaking in her soft voice the insignificant niceties of their day—the only conversation permitted them—he knew that she was as powerfully drawn to him as he was to her. Her father seemed to notice this, and bid the student goodbye rather curtly at the end of the evening. His professor did not ask him to accompany him on his next visit to the businessman's home, and the student strongly suspected he was no longer welcome. He made discrete inquiries. Apparently, the businessman was forbidding of any potential suitor for his carefully sheltered, apparently fragile daughter, the only family he had left. It was said that he wished his daughter to remain at his home with him until his death. But now that the law student had met her, he knew he would never be happy until he wed her. For three years, he did all he could to gain her father's approval. He strove to obtain only the highest marks, to comport himself with impeccable manners, to cultivate the acquaintance of numerous potential future clients, all in order to launch his career as successfully as he could. He hoped that he could win the businessman over with his diligence, with his professional and financial prospects. He also went out of his way to attend the man's frequent public lectures and debates, where he listened carefully, conceding many of the eloquently argued points to the man in his conscious mind, even as the deeper issues rankled somewhere in his soul. He crossed paths with the young lady on rare but joyous occasions around town; he might see her browsing the shop for pretty threads and patterns, or sitting in the park with her nose tucked in a book, the plump, beady-eyed maid who oversaw her ever close by. He always greeted her with the same respect he would afford any well-bred young lady of his acquaintance. She would respond in kind to him, the well-mannered student of her father's friend who'd once dined at her home. But their faces told a different story, their eyes lingering on each other as long as they could, as the maid watched with a knowing smirk. He had begun to go to concerts. At first it had been in the hopes of mingling with his future clientele, but he had been surprised at how much he enjoyed the performances, how the music soothed his soul and took him away from everyday cares. Also, the lovely redhead sometimes accompanied her father to concerts; soon, he found himself attending them whenever he could. On those precious evenings, he would glance secretly across the audience at her sweet face, always delightfully lost in the music. At times he would imagine that it was just the two of them, listening together for hours on end… When they crossed paths in the interval, the businessman would return the lawyer's proffered greeting with grave politeness; still, he always found some excuse to lead his daughter away quickly. Yet he had begun to notice the law student at his speaking engagements, and the law student began to find occasion to engage the businessman in brief conversation after his orations. He would bring up the points he had found the most interesting or controversial, allowing the businessman to expound on his beliefs even more. The lawyer occasionally brought up possible arguments, always with a detached politeness, never outright disagreeing, as if it were all merely an exercise in rhetoric. And the businessman always managed to eloquently and thoroughly refute him. But the man also seemed gradually to warm to him, at least as a potential follower of his philosophy; at last, he invited him to accompany his professor again to the dinner gatherings at his home. There he could share more precious glances, more quiet and polite words with the beautiful redhead, despite the presence of numerous other guests, even under her father's strict gaze. He knew from those furtively joyful glances and words that she was waiting for him; that she wanted to marry him as much as he did her, and that she would wait for as long as it took him to win her. Thanks to years of unflagging diligence, the law student graduated with highest honors, passed the bar with flying colors, and finally launched his new practice. Quite soon, the businessman began to retain the newly made lawyer in some of his dealings, chiefly in the slave trade. The young man applied himself fervently to the tasks, giving the elder no cause whatsoever to complain, only to praise his work. He took on other clients also, yet the most lucrative of his assignments came from the businessman. And so the lawyer tucked his growing scruples away in a corner of his heart, unseen and unexpressed for the time being. After he had had his own practice for a year, he finally felt ready to broach the subject of courting the businessman's daughter. He brought up the matter formally one evening after dinner, when the daughter had withdrawn and all the other guests had left. He hated to present his argument absent her presence, as if this were a legal dispute and she a piece of property; but in truth, by the customs of her father and many others of the day, that was the very situation. This was a young land, and a number of bold voices were urging courses that went against the supposedly natural order and the laws of convention... even trying to force change. And part of him wished he could join his voice to theirs, at least in this matter: to tell the father that he wished to marry his daughter, and she wished to marry him, and so they would wed, no matter what the older man said. But the father was an influential local figure, not to mention his best client, so the lawyer did not feel easy at all about alienating him. He also dreaded to call down even a hint of scandal on her, and on himself. In any case, what kind of life would they have if they wed without her father's permission, and what right had he to force such a drastic choice on her? No, he would utilize polite, eloquent argument for his cause, all the while making his best effort to adhere to propriety and convention; this was not a rebellion. And so he began, and the businessman listened silently as he presented his case. Indeed, he was sure that the father had been well aware of the affection that he felt for his daughter, beginning at their first meeting. In fact, he admired her more than he had thought it possible to admire any human being; however, it being as far as possible from his intentions to offend either daughter or father, he had had nothing but the most brief and genteel contact with her throughout their acquaintance these last few years. And yet, as a young lawyer of his academic accomplishments, with a well-established and growing practice and income, he felt more than certain that he could provide for the businessman's daughter in all the ways a young lady of her station and known delicacy required. Therefore, if it were agreeable to him, he greatly hoped that he might begin to see the daughter as a potential suitor in the near future, and to pursue the possibility of a match… and he was well open to an extended courtship period while the businessman observed his developing career, and evaluated whether his daughter would likely be pleased with him as a husband. Indeed, he very much admired the businessman's well-known devotion to his daughter; yet, rather than worry about her means of support and source of companionship when he eventually passed, as all men must, would he not feel better knowing that she had a husband who was a most trusted business associate, and man whose efforts to ensure her comfort and happiness for the rest of her life would never be in doubt? He'd said too much, far too much; but paradoxically, as he watched the businessman's silent face grow colder and colder, he found himself less and less able to stop. When he finally paused to draw breath, the businessman abruptly withdrew. Not a word that he would consider the matter, nor the dignity of \"No,\" which he clearly meant... not even a good night. It was left to one of the many discrete, dark-skinned servants to show the lawyer out. The lawyer felt utterly lost and deflated. He wondered what else he could have said or done, and what he could possibly do now. His heart ached abominably, for he could not conceive of life without her. Miserable weeks passed. He received no more dinner invitations, and he had neither sightings of her nor dealings with her father in that time. Documents he had expected from the businessman for an upcoming matter failed to arrive, and the businessman did not appear at their next scheduled appointment. He called at their home many times; each time, he was politely yet insistently turned away by the servants, to his repeated disappointment and embarrassment. The businessman was constantly out, or ailing, or simply unavailable, and it could never be said when he would be able to receive him. The lawyer knew that with his bid for courtship so clearly refused, asking after the daughter would be the height of impudence... and so he did not, much as he wanted to. It was a bit unseemly, but he could not help scanning the house's windows during his futile calls, desperate for even a momentary glimpse of her; yet they were always curtained. He longed to write her, but it was taboo to write a young lady he hadn't been permitted to court. He knew that she would never read his letters anyway, while her father certainly would. The thought of those cold eyes perusing the words of his soul crushed him. Wildly, he considered breaking into her house as she slept and spiriting her away in the night. But how could he even think of such thing? He was a lawyer, and he had taken an oath to uphold justice, not incite disorder. And yet, it was the father who was being unjust... but the lawyer felt utterly powerless. After many weeks, he finally gave up his humiliating, fruitless calls to her home. He tried to distract himself with work, and his remaining clients were all much pleased with his work. Yet his heart was broken. About three months after he had spoken to the businessman, a young, brown-skinned boy knocked at his office. He held out to the lawyer a ripped and hastily folded scrap of rough paper, which bore no address. Before the lawyer could take it, the boy opened his mouth, and revealed him to be exceedingly well-spoken for his color, as well as his age. First, rather self-importantly, he verified that he had located the note's intended recipient; he had. Then he told the lawyer with great respect and boldness simultaneously that it gave him the utmost pleasure to deliver this highly important message, and he counted himself fortunate to have been able to offer assistance when it was required. Then he handed over the paper and scampered off before the lawyer could say another word. The lawyer watched the small figure run away, surprised and confused. He felt certain he'd seen that boy somewhere, sometime… then he unfolded the note, saw faint, hurried yet graceful handwriting, and read the words: \"We will be together. I won't let you go.\" And he was filled with sweet hope. Immediately after the hope, a wave of affection for the young deliverer of this precious message came over him. He looked quickly in the direction he had disappeared, wishing to thank him, to offer him something for his efforts, but the dear boy was gone. So he sank back in his chair and reread her note, over and over. He could see her face before him, and feel the slender hands that had held lead to paper; hands he had neither touched nor held but now, somehow, knew that he would. His courage renewed, he called at her home every day. He continued to be turned away; some of the servants showed their exasperation, while others barely concealed their amusement, but he no longer felt embarrassed by either reaction. In fact, he even asked the dark-skinned butler after the businessman's daughter. He was extremely gratified when the butler, with barely a twitch of his eyebrows, responded civilly that the young lady was well before shutting the door on him. He continued to ask, and the response never varied, although soon, the butler's lips were twitching suspiciously toward a smile. It gave the lawyer great joy to daily enable the chance that she might glimpse him, faithful and devoted, through a gap in the curtains. It would be his own message back to her. He still did not write her, even as a rebellious gesture to her father, for to write a young lady he hadn't been permitted to court was simply too great an audacity; but he did write her father directly every two days, requesting with impeccable courtesy to see him again and allow him to plead his case anew. More weeks passed, and no more notes arrived, but he was ever aware of his connection to her, her presence in his heart. Even as he longed for her, he never felt truly lonely. They would be together; he was certain of it now. Some nights when he worked late at his practice, he thought of her so often that he felt as if he might turn around to discover her standing behind him, having woken up and crept out of bed to find him. Once, feeling an uncanny prickling at his back, he had to turn and look, and for an instant he saw her. Her eyes looked startled, even frightened, and an overwhelming tenderness welled up within him... strangely, she was clad in a scant white shift, and her hair was short and dark; then she was gone, and he wondered if he had dreamed it. Yet dream or not, the vision was surely an omen of their future. As his wife told him later, it was her own brave battle that eventually won the cause. It had been clear from her father's demeanor after he came upstairs what had transpired on the night the lawyer spoke with him. She had immediately initiated brave pleading on their behalves, asking her father to release her from his guardianship, to let her join with the best and only man she could imagine for her husband; for her father, if he loved her, to grant her this great happiness, the only thing she had ever truly wanted for herself. But her pleas met first curt refusals, then heated reprimands. Finally, there was only cold silence, and the door to her room slamming shut behind him. She was quite frightened of her father, and she shed a great many tears, both while she begged him and after he left her, alone and bereft. But her determination was stronger than either fear or tears, and she found the courage to renew her pleas to him every evening. He angrily bound her in on all sides: confining her to the house, forbidding her to write, even locking up the notepaper and writing implements in his office for good measure. He instructed her maid to watch her strictly, and the other servants to turn the lawyer away; even to keep the doors locked, windows shut and curtains drawn, making the house a dim and stifling prison. But sometimes when the doorbell rang, her maid happened to be looking the other way, and she peeked quickly through a gap in the curtains; she often saw messengers and delivery boys, but she also managed a few, brief sightings of the lawyer. He looked so crestfallen when the servants dismissed him, his sad eyes searching the windows but unable to see her. How she longed to call out to him; but she could not bring herself yet to act so boldly, and so she remained quiet. Still, the very sight of him gave her the courage to continue her fight. One spring day, the doorbell rang, and she managed to creep away from her drowsing maid's side. She peered through the curtain of the front window, but she only saw a brown-skinned boy leaving a package. Some rebellious servant had propped the window a bit to let air into the warm house, and she suddenly considered opening it fully and climbing out… but then she became afraid. What if she made a great noise and was caught? How angry her father would be… and anyway, how would she be able to find the lawyer by herself in the big town? She felt a helpless, irrational terror at the mere thought of going outside alone; it was something she had never been allowed to do in her life. No, this was not the moment for her to escape; her fight was different right now. But she realized that this was her chance to send a message, and she whispered out the window to the departing boy. Could he please help her with something very important? Had he a scrap of paper and something, anything she might write with? The boy looked intrigued, and eagerly assisted her, ripping a piece of paper from a package, fishing a bit of lead from his pocket, and holding them both to the window. She grabbed them, hastily wrote her message, and was just handing it to the boy through the window and whispering the lawyer's name when her maid caught her by the shoulders. But the boy ran off with the note, grinning encouragingly back at her, and she felt certain that her message would be delivered. And sure enough, the boy hunted down the lawyer's office and brought him hope. It occurred to the lawyer after she told him the story that a slave actually had very little business carrying a bit of writing lead in his pocket, as literacy was forbidden them. But then, he had been a very bold boy; or perhaps he had not been a slave, as there were a very few legally free brown- and dark-skinned people in the town. It seemed highly unlikely, though. The lawyer would catch himself wondering about the eager boy with his writing lead from time to time, but he never saw him in that town again. Whoever the boy had been, both the lawyer and his wife were forever grateful for the help he had given them. When the maid reported the daughter's defiant act to her father, he punished her by forbidding her access to the precious books that had become her main solace in confinement. She'd already lost the privilege of calls and conversation from her young lady acquaintances in the very first week of her battle, and her beloved piano had been locked shut a month later. But as she slaved at the intricate, monotonous needlework that was the only pastime left to her over the next weeks, she reread her favorite books in her head, and played her dear Bach and Schubert on a piano that she envisioned. She thought affectionately of her few young lady friends, gracefully smiling and chatting at tea with her as they had used to… especially of the rather outspoken one. She was the one most different from herself, with her quick and clever ways, and sometimes she said things that made one gasp and giggle. Yet she was somehow also the dearest, and she wished she'd had her for a sister… but most of all, she dreamed of the lawyer. Of his gentle eyes, his kind and handsome face, his soft voice… of being close to him at last. Her maid watched her more closely than ever, and she was now specifically forbidden to approach the windows. Still, her ears pricked at every ring of the doorbell, and she managed to move silently to the curtains and peep between them on a few more occasions, when her maid had a momentary lapse of attention. Finally, once again, she saw him. She knew that the lawyer was unable to see her; yet he gazed towards the windows as if he could, glowing with affection. She was overjoyed to know that he had gotten her note, and believed. After that, she felt often that he was already with her. In her mind, they read together, and he listened with pleasure to her at her piano. They sat side by side and enjoyed a concert, listening to beautiful music that she had not yet heard, but would love. They shared a fond smile when she remembered something that her bold young lady friend had said. He sat in peaceful quiet with her, and he also talked with her, no longer of the meaningless and polite, but of real things. And he held her, and touched her, making her feel things she could only imagine… sometimes she stirred with a blush from her daydreams, not even knowing quite what she was dreaming of. Yet she knew that she was ready with all her heart to give herself to him, and find out. She was certain that she would win her fight with her father in the end. She knew he had much loved the mother who died at her birth; she had realized as she grew up that his overprotectiveness of her was part of his grief at that loss, which he had never fully accepted. He was so afraid of life's pain striking again that he kept her, the last remnant of her mother, the only family he had at all, in an iron grip. He had taught her that she was frail, and tried to keep her as isolated from the dangerous world as possible. He did not realize how selfish he was to try to keep her for himself, how unjust it was to prevent her from experiencing both the pains and the joys of life for herself; but she now did. She also knew that it was her father's fear of his own helplessness against the inevitable forces of fate that made him crave power, power over all people he told himself were weaker than him…. over her. Yet for all his ruthless attempts to control her, her father loved her in his own way; he had not yet lost that. She spoke no word to him now but to renew her pleas, staring up at him in silent defiance at all other times, and she could see even in his harsh eyes that this increasingly bothered him. He had expected her to simply forget her feelings for the lawyer in time, but she could not, nor would she ever: in fact, her feelings had only grown stronger the longer she fought. And her father was not entirely unmoved by her tears as she begged him, night after night, to consider her happiness, for he was not yet so cruel as that. She could see it in his face, in the slightest softening of his cold scowl. He was starting to understand that even if he never released her, he would have lost her regardless, and in a far worse way than if she wed. Though she had feared and obeyed him for her entire life, she believed that if she only refused to bow to him now, he would eventually be unable to withstand her. She was right. Three more months after the lawyer received the note, the businessman called at his firm. He stated politey, though with obvious reluctance, that he had considered the matter at great length, and he would now approve the match. The lawyer tried to temper his elation, with little success. He thanked the businessman profusely, assuring him that he would never regret what had undoubtedly been a very difficult decision. But the businessman was intimidating, even in defeat. He stated that he had no objections to an immediate and short betrothal; this excited but confused the lawyer, and he told the father cautiously that he had no objections either, but would also be satisfied with an engagement period of conventional duration. Indeed, he could only feel joy—and the father interrupted him with lethal insistence, saying that after such intense consideration, he had no more desire for delay, and would feel best if the wedding occurred as soon as he could decently arrange it at his own church. Then, bidding the lawyer good-bye, he left. And the lawyer had to realize that the father simply wished to keep his daughter's triumphant engagement as short and under his control as possible. As the lawyer glowed with her during their few brief, decorous yet ecstatic betrothal visits, the father was polite but cold. He made no real pretense at joining in their joy, and simply withdrew in silence. And somehow, her maid and chaperone always stood to lead her off and end the visits earlier than they expected. Still, the day of the wedding was the happiest of the lawyer's life. Even the father presiding over the ceremony himself could not have dampened his joy at his radiant bride: at her charming figure in the graceful white dress, her slender hands as she slipped the gold ring onto his finger, the softness of her lips as they kissed at last… but most of all at her sweet, adoring gaze, only for him. He did feel a shadow in his heart at the celebration after the ceremony as, before all the gathered guests, his bride's father put a heavy hand on his shoulder and spoke of him eloquently as his dear son now, as well as his trusted business partner. The cold hypocrisy of his words stung the lawyer's soul; and it also seemed that their business dealings, which still bothered him, must now continue indefinitely. The father even announced his intention to send him on an ocean voyage to a far-off isle to handle a very important contract, concerning the sale of a large number of slaves, in half a year; indeed, only his son-in-law could be trusted with such a matter. Surely, it would be a long and exhausting journey, not without its dangers; far worse, it would take him away from his wife for months. The lawyer was very reluctant, but his new father-in-law offered him such generous payment that he felt much pressure to take the assignment—he had, after all, promised the businessman to provide well for his daughter. And so he accepted. It was all likely exactly as the businessman had intended, and he would probably never lose his chilling, controlling attitude toward the lawyer, or anyone else he deemed unworthy. However, all shadows were far away as he carried his glowing bride over the threshold of their home. It was a handsome new townhouse that they had chosen together. Her father had then declared his intention to buy it for them outright, but the lawyer had politely but vehemently insisted on negotiating a bank loan for it at a fair interest rate. He would easily be able to pay it off through his earnings over the next few years while still supporting his wife and himself comfortably, and he had refused to yield. At last, her father had given up, even showing the slightest hint of grudging respect for his son-in-law-to-be. And the lawyer had been relieved that at least his and his wife's own house would not remind him of his father-in-law's authority for as long as he lived in it. He did allow her father to gift them some of the furnishings for their new home, as the custom. Other than her beloved piano and a few heirlooms, most of the furniture and decorations were new, selected with much care by his red-haired love with a bit of help from her friends—particularly her closest, a clever, outspoken young lady he greatly liked. He had found that every piece she considered looked lovely with her next to it, and done little more than approve whatever she chose, and look on fondly at her pleasure in the pretty new things. And now they were in their bedroom together; shy at first as they kissed, and nervously helped each other undress, having very little idea of what to do or expect. But they had loved and wanted and waited for each other so long and intensely, that making love soon followed easily. As he tenderly explored her body, he felt even in his lingering shyness a sense of coming home at last… while she, to his amazement, seemed less shy than he, abandoning herself with trembling excitement to his explorations. She was so beautiful... and she seemed to trust him utterly, encouraging him with her sweet gasps, her soft, tantalizing touches, as if they already knew each other by heart… When he entered her, she gave a small cry of pain—one of the only things they had both known to expect. But she smiled through her tears as he cupped her cheek. Are you all right? he asked her, trying to hold as still as possible. I love you, was all she said. I love you, he told her back, his own eyes welling up with tears of joy, the same joy he saw reflected in hers. Then he couldn't hold back anymore, and he began to move in her, as gently as he could. She breathed slowly as she gazed trustingly at him, her body accepting him... soon, she was pulling herself closer to him, her breath quickening, emboldening him... and then, they were both gasping, as fierce passion took hold of them both… They held each other afterward, panting, hearts pounding together. As he gazed into her shining eyes, he could hardly believe that anything in life could be this sweet. He would never let her go.[Chapter 9] Her cheek was resting on his heart, her hair tickling his skin, her breath warm on his face… but this was no longer a dream, a memory. This was happening now. How…? Hae-Joo's head jerked up, his face nearly brushing Sonmi's as he woke with a gasp. She rose from his chest with a startled murmur, looking chagrined. But her face remained close, glowing in the sunrise light as he stared at her… then her cheeks flushed, her eyes softening with something inexplicable; something that warmed him within, and drew him inexorably toward her. What am I doing? He was still panting, disoriented… yet this was right, so right... something he had done before, and longed to do again. He moved closer to her. The alert sounded in his ear. No. He tore his face away from hers and looked swiftly toward the door—still intact—while the call came in. \"They're burning in now, get out of there!\" So the Enforcers had eluded Union's surveillance of the building entrance; those agents were likely dead. That gave Hae-Joo and Sonmi only a minute—the same amount of time he'd estimated their escape would take, if they moved quickly. He turned back to Sonmi, and now she was the one who looked confused. \"They've found us,\" he whispered to her. He bounded up, grasping her arm, and drew her behind him as he waved open the closet, then the bathroom. He grabbed his phaser from the closet and pulled her toward the bathroom window, glancing back at the door as Sonmi clutched at him fearfully, understanding now that they were in danger. He could hear the piercing hiss, see the dark singe of the lasers starting to burn through the door. He pulled his arm from her grasp, clicked the window open, and tucked the phaser into his waistband—of course he'd have on nothing but pajama pants right now. As the wind roared into the bathroom, he squatted to lift the massively heavy escape bridge box to the sill. He shot another glance at the door as the box opened and anchored; he could now see glowing orange circles as the lasers hissed through it. Her eyes followed his, then returned to his face, and he could see his anxiety mirrored in hers. The box was ready. He fired the bar across the gulf to embed in the opposite skyscraper, and the narrow bridge assembled in seconds. The instant it was complete, he climbed over the sill and onto the bridge, turned back, and held out his hand. She looked at him in bewildered dismay. \"I'll be with you the whole way. Now, focus on me,\" he told her, swiftly, his voice as calm as he could make it; his example would help her as much as his assistance. She willingly took his hand and let him help her onto the bridge. Then she gave a strangled gasp—\" Hae-Joo!\"— and shut her eyes as the smoggy sunrise view from two hundred ten stories assailed her. Unlike him, she'd had no training to aid her here. She hadn't even been to a high, open place in all her life. Time was running out, but he must not let her panic, all the way up here… \" Stay with me ,\" he urged her as he backed up, holding her hands firmly. Her eyes opened and sought his as she moved toward him, step by step. Good. She was scared, but she could do this. \"Right here,\" he encouraged her. \"I won't let you go.\" They were a third of the way across when her anxious eyes drifted from his face, downward… No… he tried to keep her moving, but she froze; then she swayed, and lurched toward him with a terrified cry. He braced himself to catch her; grasped her firmly and pressed his face to her neck, desperate. He'd underestimated how frightened she would be, and the effect it would have on him as well. But he had to calm her down, somehow, and get her across… he felt her heart racing against his own, her hands grasping him frantically, her panicked breaths in his ear... then the door blew. As shouting Enforcers burst into the flat and ran to the window, training and instinct took over. He pulled out his phaser and shot one, as she squeezed him in terror. Spun her away from him to avoid the return fire, and shot several more; saw her teetering on one foot, shrieking, whirled her to safety behind him and fired again. There were only a couple of Enforcers left. He spun for a better shot, his arm around her, and they were all dead. But now there was an aero rising toward the bridge… shit … He scooped her up and bolted toward the opposite skyscraper, barely ahead of the aero's phasers. Even his training hadn't quite prepared him for this, but it was the only way. His feet propelled them over the narrow shingles as the opposite building got closer… they were nearly there… But the aero's phasers cut them off at the last stretch. They mangled the shingles wherever they hit, leaving little more than the center bar intact. Shit… he'd have to put her down, shoot the aero down, and figure a way to get her over the last section afterward. He turned around, knelt on the bridge and carefully set Sonmi down. He saw the tears in her eyes, heard her whimper, \" No!\" And he felt a wrench deep inside him. He cupped her face in his hand for an instant and gazed at her, trying to comfort her, to tell her in that brief second that he'd be back for her. Then he had to let her go. She tried to hold onto his arm... crawled desperately after him as he backed away, shooting at the aero, dancing away from the phasers, balancing on the center bar—but then, something went wrong. His feet were in the air, and he was falling. He would never know what exactly had made him fall—the blinding phasers, the shingles disintegrating along his feet, the despair in Sonmi's face... maybe they all had. In any case, it nearly proved fatal for them both. As he fell, time seemed to freeze. He thought that he had failed Sonmi and himself both; that he would die in seconds, and she the next day. He shouldn't have lived. Yet a number of things happened, and these things connected to other things, past, present, and future; all of them helped him to survive, and to save her. A vision of the runaway slave and stowaway, who had begged for the lawyer to help him earn passage as a sailor, flashed across his mind. The dark man was falling through the air, just as Hae-Joo was. But there was a rope in his hands, and the other end was attached to the mast of the sailing ship; he was falling by his own choice, demonstrating some of his spectacular ship skills from his former life, before he was made a slave. Well, a rope attached to anything would be great right about now, Hae-Joo thought. He heard Sonmi scream his name, far above... and there was a cable of some kind extending between two scaffolding towers, rushing toward him fast. He reached out… The lawyer thought he had persuaded the drunken, surly captain to give the stowaway a fair chance to prove himself. But even as the dark man ran to obey the captain's order, grabbing a coil of rope and ascending the mast with astonishing speed, the captain ordered his first mate to ready his musket. The lawyer was horrified. He pleaded with the captain, who pompously rebuffed him. And the first mate took aim at the dark figure above, agilely balancing and swiftly working with the rope along the crossbeam, seemingly oblivious to both the motion of the sea and the weapon fixed on him. As the dark man bounded across the narrow beam, the rope in his hands, as excellent a seaman as he'd claimed, the lawyer felt a mixture of pride, shame and desperation. He had thought the man a savage at first, with his dark skin, strange tattoos, and broken speech. He'd been terrified when the man crept up behind him in the ship's cargo hold, where he'd been isolated in his illness; but the dark man only begged for his help, and claimed that they knew each other. And the lawyer recognized the stowaway as the slave he had seen being viciously whipped by an overseer while he went about his father-in-law's business. The sight had shocked him; even stirred him to pity the suffering human eyes that met his across the distance, fixing him in a powerful gaze... and then he had passed out. It had been due to a combination of the intense heat, the onset of his illness, and horror at the brutality of this business, though he had not yet been ready to admit the latter. No, he had not initially been inclined to heed the dark man's plea. The runaway had broken the law; he was a slave, and looked to be a rough savage besides. He had no business running away, sneaking onto a ship, and trying to be a sailor. Although he could well understand the man's desperation to escape, if such cruelty was typical in the life of a slave… but the dark man's fate was no concern of his. He told him so. Then, the dark man pressed his knife into the lawyer's hands and told him to kill him on the spot. The lawyer scoffed in disbelief, but the man forced the lawyer's hand with the blade to his own throat, holding it there; if the lawyer refused to help, he said, he'd soon be thrown overboard anyway. He preferred to die this way. The lawyer gazed at the dark face, twisted with despair. Then he wrenched his hand away from the runaway's throat, dropping the knife, and stood for a long moment without looking at him. His soul was forced to concede the truth of the man's words. He would certainly die without help; the lawyer was in a position to offer help. But how could he help such a creature? If his father-in-law ever found out… But then he found his thoughts focusing on his beloved wife. She would pity this desperate man, even more so than the lawyer did. She would certainly understand his temptation to help, no matter the consequences; at the very least, she would wish for him to show the poor wretch some kindness... He could hear the noises of the crew above, gathering for supper. If he did not join them soon, his solicitous doctor friend would surely come down to look for him, and the stowaway would be discovered. He looked back at the dark man, catching his intense, beseeching gaze for another moment. Then he tore his face away, and went up to supper. At table among the drunken, ill-mannered crew, the lawyer's mind spun... but then this mind focused on a simple fact: the dark man must be hungry. For what could he possibly find to eat in the cargo hold… rats? The lawyer shuddered. No man deserved that, runaway slave or not. He carefully snuck some food from the table into his napkin. When he returned to the hold, the fugitive was nowhere to be seen. The lawyer carefully closed the door, moving a barrel in front of it for good measure, and called to him. The dark man peered out timidly, and was elated when the lawyer gave him the food, thanking him with touching warmth in his eyes. As he ate ravenously, the lawyer cautiously asked him questions. The man looked and spoke very differently than he did, and he had certainly lived a very different life than he had. Yet despite it all, the lawyer felt a surprising sense of kinship with him as they spoke. He learned that the dark man had been captured and sold into slavery after years of sailing the world as a boy; it was even harder to blame him for running away after that. Somehow, the lawyer had thought all slaves perfectly bred for the positions they were born into, but he had been wrong. He was even more startled to learn that the dark man already considered him a friend, based on one brief, painful meeting of their eyes... and yet the lawyer himself could not deny the power, the connectionhe had felt at that moment. Now, despite the lawyer's efforts with the captain, the dark man was about to be shot, even as he demonstrated his extraordinary prowess. It was horribly wrong, and the lawyer simply could not watch this human being get slaughtered. He must act drastically, now . He reached out, grasping at the first mate's musket... Somehow Hae-Joo grabbed the steelsilk cable as he fell past it. It snapped, but somehow he grasped the end as he continued to fall, and wound it around his hands. And somehow, the cable held at its other end, its strong but flexible fibers stretching as powerful forces pulled Hae-Joo's body downward; there was a slicing, crushing sensation in his hands, followed by searing pain… Time for you to let go that rope , the rotting devil with cold eyes growled in his brother-in-law's ear, as the man's bleeding hands frantically clutched another rope. You trespass, you pay the price, the demon whispered menacingly. The brown-skinned woman in white was bound to the other end of the rope, clutching it desperately. She was an outsider visiting the brother's island and village, staying in his home, to his sister's enthusiasm and his own reluctance. They were ascending this cliff to get to the peak of the devil's mountain, so the brown woman could fulfill her mysterious quest. He had promised to guide her here if she healed his sister's little girl, dying from the sting of a poisonous fish. It had been unbearable to see the sweet girl fading away, and the despair of his watching sister, so soon after the cruel deaths of her mate and boy… deaths that the brother had done nothing to prevent. But he had realized that he could do something now, and rushed to the brown-skinned woman. He had spied on her the first night, and seen her swiftly and secretly healing her cuts with a strange instrument. He knew that she had the power to save the little girl. At first, she had sadly refused his plea. She said that her people took an oath not to share their power with less advanced tribes, lest they interfere with the natural order of the world. He angrily asked her what she would do if a member of her own tribe lay poisoned and dying, and saw how distraught this made her, yet she had remained silent... until he swore to grant her wish and lead her to the top of the cursed mountain. She had said she needed a guide, and he had thought her insane; but this he would do, if she healed his niece. After a long hesitation, she had agreed; giving him a funny-looking device from her pack, she instructed him to prick the child's arm with it while no one was looking. He did, and the little girl swiftly recovered, to the overjoyed tears of his sister and himself. Then, the brother honored his word. They had journeyed hours to the mountain, making their way over treacherous rocks, the slope of the ground ever increasing. When they finally reached a cliff that required climbing, she produced a marvelously strong yet supple rope, anchored it high in the cliff face, and tied it around them both. You fall, I catch you, she said. He was a more than capable climber, while she had struggled just making her way over the rocks. It had seemed best for him to climb ahead, stand where he could, and anchor the rope to help her follow; soon, he was more or less hoisting her up the cliff. But then she had slipped, plummeting downward as the rope sliced through his hands. He barely caught a loop in it, halting her fall; she swayed helplessly as he struggled to hold on, the rope slippery with his blood. And then, the demon had returned. This was a forbidden place, and the demon seemed to hold a black power over him. He had told him to stay hidden while his brother-in-law cried out for help, and he and his young nephew were slain... he had warned him about trusting the brown woman, with her strange words and ways. And now he commanded the brother to let her fall, to punish her for venturing to this forbidden place, in this land where she didn't belong; she must pay for the wrong she had done. All wrongs must be repaid… But then he recalled Sonmi's second warning. It had been spoken to him by the wise priestess of his village; he had sought her help when terrifying visions woke him days ago. Her voice echoed louder than the demon's whispers now: Hands a'bleeding, can't let go. He stared at his bloody hands, grasping the rope, and he knew that Sonmi was right. Outsider and trespasser though the brown woman might be, he couldn't let her fall. He had talked to the woman, spent much time with her; he'd kept her from falling once already, when the bridge on which she stood began to crumble beneath her. He'd heeded Sonmi's first warning... Bridge a'broken, hide below... thrown himself and the brown woman out of sight just before a band of savages rode by, among them the ruthless chief who had slaughtered his kin. No, he couldn't let her die now, no matter what the demon said. Not after saving her before; not when he was just beginning to like her. He concentrated and summoned his strength, grasped the rope firmly in his bleeding hands, and pulled her up to safety. Hae-Joo's own hands were a bloody, mangled mess; but miraculously, he hadn't let go of the rope, and it had continued to hold. And now the agonizing downward pull had eased, and he was swinging horizontally. There was nothing to collide with; like the ship's mast, the scaffolding tower was well away, its metal ledge as visible as the wooden deck a few meters below. Like the dark man, Hae-Joo twisted his body as the rope reached its full tension, swinging himself back in the opposite direction, knowing he could land safely if he timed himself just right. And beyond the dark man the main topsail was descending as he swung about, to the watching crew's surprised exclamations. He'd swiftly and impressively fulfilled the captain's sarcastic order, just he had intended to do, and now the ship deck was approaching, the first mate and other crew members ducking frantically under his feet. One more swing about, and the smooth wood didn't even scratch the dark man's bare feet as he slid along the deck, braking with all his muscles, just as Hae-Joo did on the smooth metal ledge. The first mate had struck the lawyer a vicious blow for ruining his shot at the dark man just before he jumped. Now the lawyer watched from the deck, terrified and winded, as captain and crew stared at the landed, waiting dark man. The darky's salt as I am, commented the grizzled helmsman. The captain called his first mate to attention, and the man jerked up, musket in hand. But the captain only said that it seemed they had an addition to the crew, and to see that he earned his keep. The dark sailor relaxed, the lawyer breathed a sigh of relief... and Hae-Joo, also safely landed, did the same.[Chapter 10] Then, every fiber of Hae-Joo's being burned with the need to get Sonmi back; the agony in his lacerated and broken hands was nothing in comparison. He forced himself past the pain and, aided by his feet and teeth, tore strips of fabric from his pants to bandage them, trying not to get blood all over himself and only partially succeeding. He found a maintenance lift for the scaffolding tower and descended; when he reached the ground, he made his way quickly, yet with practiced nonchalance, through the streets the few blocks to his flat. He was already developing a plan. He probably looked like a savage, shirtless, streaked with blood and barefoot, with torn wrappings on his hands, wildly disheveled hair, and ripped pants that didn't cover his hipbones… but Consumers did enjoy some bizarre fashions. And Hae-Joo knew well that there was a time to run at top speed, and a time to blend in; both methods could get one safely to one's destination, but were differently appropriate depending on the situation. For all of his urgency, if he was to succeed, he had to limit attention to himself. Years in the rebellion had taught him that one could escape most notice by appearing not to have anything to hide—and indeed, only a handful of passerby gave him bewildered glances, with the vast majority paying him no attention at all. He had lost his phaser in the fall, and he had no orison on him, nothing. But he had set things up at this flat for just such circumstances: DNA admittance for the building, elevator and flat, and a spare orison along with numerous weapons, clothes and supplies inside. As soon as he was in, he called headquarters, rapidly explained the situation and the plan he had developed, and listed exactly what he needed to have, as soon as possible. His orders were acknowledged, and he was told to stand by for confirmation. Then he was disconnected. He knew full well he shouldn't be giving orders without consulting Apis. But, as when Yoona-939 had died and he had resolved to get Sonmi out of the diner as soon as possible, Hae-Joo was doing this, procedure be damned. However, back then, he had finalized all the preparations himself; this time he would need his comrades' help in order to have any chance of success. The situation was even more urgent it had been then. The Enforcers wouldn't destroy her on the spot if they could help it; her behavior was so unprecedented that they would be forced to hold her for a time. By now, she had probably had the dubious honor of being the first fabricant to enter the Neo Seoul prison. Still, her time there would be brief—it was early morning now, and Hae-Joo doubted they would keep her overnight. He also had no way of knowing how close the Enforcers were to catching up with him. They had traced the safe house, somehow pinpointed and destroyed Union's surveillance team, but this flat was under a different, much older alias than the other had been; it would probably take them time to link the two. Surely the aero Enforcer had assumed him killed in the fall. Still, some surveillance vidi, somewhere, would have caught his uncanny landing on the scaffolding after the fall from the bridge, and another would have captured his discreet walk here. Whoever or whatever monitored that vidi probably wouldn't make the connections for a little while, yet there was still a chance the Enforcers could arrive at his own door any minute. Even more urgent than these practical concerns were emotional ones. Hae-Joo had grown closer to Sonmi in the past three days than he had thought it possible to be to anyone. Only swift action could begin to distract him from his anguish at the incredible danger and, doubtless, distress she was now in... all come about through his failure. The odds against him didn't matter, then or now; his duty had been to keep her safe, and he had failed. He would vastly prefer to die in the attempt to save her than to fail again and live. No procedure had been discussed among the leaders for the event of the fabricant's recapture, and there was absolutely no time for discussion now. The plan he had just created and proposed was as good as any; it would be much more time-consuming to execute without Union's support, and far more likely to fail. But based on their prior failure with Yoona-939, Hae-Joo was betting that Union's leaders would be willing to risk much to recover their last hope for a free-willed fabricant; even a First Science Officer. Especially since he, acting alone, would have the best chance at success. He unwrapped the blood-soaked bandages from his broken hands, thankful to the core that he had invested in a really good all-healer. He would need his hands whole in the coming hours. In two minutes they were sterilized, set, and sealed with new skin. The pain was already beginning to lessen, and he could expect them to be fully back to normal function in about fifteen minutes. He received a call back from headquarters. His orders had not been challenged; he was told that he would have what he needed at the rendezvous point in half an hour. He crammed a protein pack into his mouth, chewed and swallowed, then popped a double dose of stimulant. It was all he had left in his supplies, having brought the rest over to the other flat; he hoped it would be enough for the exertions ahead, and he would certainly pay a debt to his body later. In one continuous motion he walked to the bathroom, kicked off his ruined pajama pants and stepped through the all-cleaner-drier-styler, and walked out, free of blood and hair smoothly in place again. Then he threw on some clothes and grabbed his stash of hand credits. He'd need some to get to the prison, as well as in Old Seoul later. He couldn't bring an orison past the prison scanners, though, so he left it. Finally, he took a single phaser, which he hoped he wouldn't need. Less than ten minutes after entering, he started to leave the flat—stopped, went back for the flashlight he'd forgotten, and then left for good. As he exited, he activated the self-destruct system, which would quietly vaporize everything within. It was only a matter of time before the Enforcers would trace him, and the equipment and DNA here could only lead them to other Union members, sympathizers, and even headquarters if he didn't take precautions. It didn't matter to him to lose the place; it had never been his home, and nothing in it was irreplaceable. The one thing he knew to be irreplaceable to him was a person, whom he had let go of and lost. But now, he was going to get her back. He took public transport to the rendezvous point, transferring a few times to muddle his trail. At the rendezvous, he picked up the old cruiser and the bag of items he had requested, nodded to the courier, and drove off. He paused briefly in an alley to change into the subworker uniform, then took a quick but circuitous route to the high roof of an abandoned building a fair distance from the towering prison. There he parked, and waited for the call. His contact was a hacker monitoring the prison's maintenance channels; he would call Hae-Joo when some sort of delivery or maintenance call went out. The prison was enormous, with daily comings and goings of all kinds of subworkers through its utility corridors, but Hae-Joo had no way of knowing whether the next call would come in seconds or hours. He and his colleagues had theorized parts of this prison break strategy long before, yet the great risk it posed the single agent it involved had always overwhelmed the need to save any individual for their cause in the past. This time was different, for Hae-Joo as well as his comrades, but perhaps they had different reasons. He tried not to think about that, and forced himself to wait as calmly as he could. If he allowed anguish and impatience to overwhelm him now, he'd only be weaker at the moment Sonmi needed him to act. And whatever she was feeling now must be a thousand times worse… he tried not to think about that, either. The smoggy grey clouds seemed close enough to the roof for him to touch; yet there were many taller buildings throughout the city, and the looming prison dwarfed them all. He let his eyes wander along the tangle of drivetubes, level upon level, vehicles flashing along them all in a constant, congested stream… except for the bottommost utility tube. Only the occasional maintenance vehicle passed by on it, each truck appearing absolutely tiny from this height. There was no need for him to waste his focus on such things right now, so he let his eyes drift back to the smoggy sky. As the wind buffeted him, he leaned back against the cruiser. The roar of Neo Seoul, of nearly a billion souls rushing and struggling through their lives, was constantly audible, just beyond the wind. He emptied his mind and sought the silence within, saving his energy for only the most essential awareness... but even as his mind and body grew quiet, a deep anxiety remained, eating at his soul. After almost two hours, he received the call. A plumber had been ordered, and should be approaching the prison in approximately fifteen minutes. Hae-Joo mounted the cruiser, swiftly retraced his route along the tubes, and pulled off at a lower roof with a clear view of the bottom tube; waited. Before long, he saw a lone truck in the distance, and instinctively felt it was his man. Sure enough, as the truck came closer, he could make out the name of a plumbing subcorporation along the side. He drove the cruiser over to intercept it. The utility drivetube was authorized only for maintenance vehicles, and he was risking an Enforcer stop; he would have no choice in that scenario but to shoot his way out, flee, and develop a new plan. But if he was quick, and the subworker cooperated… he waved frantically at the driver of the plumbing truck and caught his attention, gesturing to both their uniforms. The driver slowed, and Hae-Joo pulled close to his window. In subspeak, he apologized profusely for inconveniencing the man on his way to a job; nonetheless, he had great need of assistance. If the man could just spare a few minutes, and follow him... the driver grinned and nodded, won over by the urgent appeal of, apparently, a fellow sub in the trade. Hae-Joo got back on the cruiser and led him to the nearest roof. For his trouble, the man received a deft jab to the chest, knocking him gently but thoroughly unconscious. He also lost his truck, his ID-nano, and even his uniform. As Hae-Joo had hoped, his nano was spoofed. Illegal migrants were rife in the subtrades; this one's nano simply matched that of the truck sufficiently to pass maintenance entrance scans, and would not hold up to a more thorough Enforcer scan. But it was sufficient for his purposes, easy to remove and re-insert in himself, and saved him the time of hacking the truck to rig his own. Hae-Joo left the man propped on the old cruiser, dressed in the uniform he'd traded with him, with credits adding up to at least double the cost of the truck, its equipment and a more sophisticated new nano in his pocket. He even left the phaser, safely disabled, tucked in the subworker's pocket-it was sure to fetch a good price on the black market. He gave the man a precautionary shot to wipe his memory of the last hour or so before driving off. It was a much diluted version of the drug Corporations gave fabricants after their conditioning phase; the man would retain a visceral knowledge of what had occurred, but be unable to recall any of the details. It was likely unnecessary, but better that the man be incapable of telling his story to Enforcers, whether he wanted to or not. Surely the plumber would consider it to have been a very good, if confusing morning once he came to, discovered his acquisitions and made his way back home... probably to a dark little shack in Old Seoul. Hae-Joo drove the truck to the maintenance dock of the prison, located at its absolute bottom. On the way, he carefully disabled his sony; inside, they were scanned intrusively, but Hae-Joo's was specially modified with a crucial feature that Union's hackers had developed: an off switch. The prison's security system, already expecting the plumber's truck with its nano and a driver that matched, scanned and admitted him with no problems. Hae-Joo parked in the bowels of the underground tunnels, carefully noted the points of vidi surveillance, and ducked into the back of the truck. Over the maintenance uniform, he quickly donned one of the very few, extremely precious intact Enforcer uniforms that Union had acquired over the years, complete with helmet and blaster. Such a uniform was precious not only for disguise; the Enforcer belt would also enable him to cross the scanners between the maintenance corridors and the main part of the prison, while the blaster emitted a similar signal that allowed it to be carried where all other weapons set off alarms... all other recognizable weapons, that is. That did not include the sticky bombs in his bag, which he'd invented for Union himself. Hae-Joo took a moment to get accustomed to the feel of the blaster, placing it on the magnetic belt and drawing it a few times; every millisecond would count later. It felt curiously heavy in his grip... for a moment he peered at it in his hand, and wondered: did it not resemble another of those archaic metal weapons, from some vision in the night...? He blinked and saw only the blaster, a ruthless but necessary tool that he knew he would wield effectively at the proper time. He secured it to the uniform's belt once more, then swiftly and silently slipped out of the truck and into the dim tunnels. He made his way unseen to the maintenance elevator, up to the ground level, through the utility corridors; past an Enforcer scanner, and finally into the prison's main tunnels, lined with cells. The cells were indistinguishable from one another, at least from the outside. He had no way to see into them without opening the sealed view slits, which would definitely arouse attention. He only knew that wherever she was, she was being held alone, as solitary confinement was the rule in the Neo Seoul prison. Less severe offenders were allowed a few comforts: a toilet, perhaps a sleeping mat; orisons loaded with Unanimic propaganda. He doubted she would be shown such lenience. Where would they keep her? She could be anywhere. There was nothing to do but make his way upward, keeping his eyes and ears open for some sign of her. He slowly ascended, observing the halls, using the empty stairways to attract less attention; occasionally, he posted himself in the hall, as if on guard, to rest. In this way, he gradually moved all the way up the prison's five hundred levels... and, eventually, turned back around and came down again. He felt the hours, the limited time she had left, slipping by, but with brutal self-control made himself stay calm. There would be much discussion about her, the unprecedented runaway fabricant, on the Boards and elsewhere today. They would argue over what to do with her; many would want to study her. This bought her some time. Still, the most powerful forces on the Board would never allow her to live another day; they simply could not permit a fabricant on an inexorable course toward free will to continue breathing. Yet Hae-Joo would not let himself become desperate; something, somehow, would lead him to her in time. He had to believe it, for the alternative was too terrible even to consider. There were occasional calls over a loudspeaker, summoning apparent reserve Enforcers to immediate tasks; frequently, these were escort duties. Hae-Joo saw several psycho-geneticists and eugenicists walk by, escorted by groups of three Enforcers each. He also saw a number of prisoners being escorted in and out of cells and down the corridors; again, rhey were all escorted by three Enforcers each. A few prisoners looked terrified, others lifeless; several were appallingly filthy. Hae-Joo deeply pitied them, but the cruel truth was that he could help only one prisoner today. Then he noticed a swarthy young male prisoner walking by, escorted by four Enforcers. The young man was teetering unsteadily, as if he hadn't walked for weeks, and he slumped against the wall for a moment. Hae-Joo caught a glimpse of his face: gaunt but fine features, eyes burning as if with fever... or, perhaps, defiance. The Enforcers prodded him on. \"Move along, deviant, it'll be over for you soon enough,\" jeered one of them. And Hae-Joo realized the young man was on his way to be euthanized. So, the final walk merited one the honor of four Enforcers as escort; he swiftly surmised why. In all likelihood, the extra Enforcer delivered the body to the incinerator on the lower level himself, to ensure no secret messages traveled via corpse. Years ago, several of the condemned had managed to smuggle information to Union through the cooperation of a few sympathetic incinerator subworkers, until those workers inexplicably disappeared. The channel had since remained closed, and now he knew why. His heart went out to the young man about to die. Yet he couldn't save him as well as Sonmi, and he would not be leaving this place without her. He would either succeed, or be dead soon himself, along with her... inexplicably, the familiar and beautiful Cloud Atlas theme echoed in his mind as he watched the condemned youth stagger to the end of the corridor and disappear around the corner. Morbidly, Hae-Joo wondered if the authorities would deign to sentence Sonmi to euthanasia, too. If they did, they would in a sense be acknowledging her as a human being; they might have to, if they wanted her killed in these facilities. There were no tools for xcisement here, with their exclusively fabricant associations; pure-bloods that crossed Unanimity met their end by smooth lethal injection, their bodies afforded the relative dignity of cremation. The snowflake-like ashes that occasionally floated along the prison's heights bore testament to their passing. No, Enforcers certainly never bothered bringing wayward fabricants to the prison; sometimes, such fabricants had their collars detonated by Seers on the spot, like Yoona-939. But that was viewed by the genomics industry as… wasteful, as well as unpleasant for any surrounding pure-bloods, and so avoided if possible. More often, those very rare fabricants who disobeyed were transported to the same ships that received their singing, joyful brethren with twelve stars on their collars. Indeed, the very idea of a fabricant going to prison was laughable according to Unanimic dogma... but in Sonmi's unprecedented case, it was necessary. Yet it would be no great task to send her to a processing ship. Or they could simply destroy her here, and call it xcisement anyway. The dogma of Unanimity made heavy use of terms denoting superiority and inferiority: as a fabricant deemed less than human, the ending of Sonmi's life would thus be known as xcisement, rather than the murder it truly was. Really, Unanimity's practice of killing the purebloods it deemed unworthy to live, otherwise known as euthanasia, was no better. Perhaps they would send an Archivist to her. They often did for the more unusual criminals and deviants, in order to record their personal history and words for further study. As swiftly as they needed Sonmi destroyed, the various powers would also be fascinated with her; but of course, no Archivist had ever spoken to a fabricant before. Even that was probably too much to expect of them. Hae-Joo directed his mind outward, away from such dark reflections. Most of the Enforcers he passed were all business, just as he was acting himself. Some had more relaxed postures and were chatting with one another; on their way to or from breaks, or perhaps just bored. A few were laughing about some stupid thing. They all sounded arrogant when they spoke, and as indistinguishable as the uniforms and tinted helmets made them look. The helmets were ridiculous, when you thought about it. Who would willingly choose to mask their individuality, to serve as a faceless tool of authority? Yet ever since Unanimity had risen to power, Enforcers had worn such helmets. And they'd never had any shortage in their ranks; it was a highly desirable profession among Consumers, as it came with many privileges. At least the facelessness and anonymity of being an Enforcer served Hae-Joo well now. He wondered if Sonmi would have a personal visit from any of Unanimity's Boardmen before they decided what to do with her. If one of those Corporate parasites showed up in the building, and he trailed them, they could very well lead him right to her. He was finally in luck when a certain call over the loudspeaker pricked his ears. \" Escort immediately, prestige dock 66 to Level 283, Cell 5.\" Something called a prestige dock just had to be for Boardmen. Hae-Joo quickly took the lift to 283, positioned himself next to the elevator, and waited for the prestigious visitor and escort to arrive. After a few minutes the lift opened, and Boardman Mephi himself stepped out. Hae-Joo remained rigidly at attention, but his blood froze. Mephi was the most powerful Boardman in Nea So Copros; he had served as one of six on the Unanimic World Board for ten years running. Hae-Joo had seen him many times, both on vidi and in person, though never from quite this close... that arrogant smirk and those cold, ruthless eyes never failed to chill his soul. But neither Mephi nor the escort looked twice at him, walking straight by toward a cell on the far end of the corridor. Hae-Joo's heart began to pound; Sonmi had to be in there. And at that moment, his deepest fear fell away: that he'd be too late, and she would die before he could find her. It had been so ghastly, he'd barely allowed himself to feel it… but she was alive. Now, it was all he could do not to tear over, shoot them all, and grab her then and there. However, assassinating Boardman Mephi would exponentially complicate their escape, to say the least. It was already quite risky enough. No, he would wait until the Enforcers returned without the Boardman, as they would eventually; Mephi would get his due in another time and place. Mephi had begun to speak, and Hae-Joo strained to hear what he was saying. With his sony off, he could not magnify Mephi's words to his aural nerve, much as he wished to. Still, he caught a few of them. \"—what should be done with you.\" That low, contemptuous drawl always made his skin crawl. \"Corpocrats… psychogenomicists… vivisection…\" Hae-Joo shuddered inside; That was a fate even worse than xcisement. Then Mephi stepped further into the cell, and he couldn't make out any more words for the next minute, just a low and menacing murmur. Glad as he was that she was alive, it tormented him to know that was hearing such things; that she had been shut in that cold, grey cell for hours, all alone, with neither color nor sound to distract her, thinking herself already condemned... he wondered if they'd even let her keep her clothes. The wearing of pure-blood clothes alone was an xcisable offense; surely they had taken away her pink-flowered robe, which she had liked so much. The thought of it made his heart ache. He heard Mephi moving toward the cell door, and made out his voice again. \"Inform the Archivist. Prepare for xcisement.\" An Enforcer acknowledged the order. So Mephi himself had made the decision: they wouldn't call it euthanasia, but they wanted an Archivist to record her thoughts and feelings. This was, paradoxically, a small victory, as well as a relief; when the escort returned, Hae-Joo would finally have his chance to act. Then, to his great surprise, Hae-Joo heard Sonmi's voice. \"Sir,\" she called, forcing Mephi to halt mid-exit. Hae-Joo couldn't quite distinguish what she said next, but it was definitely a question… clear, polite, and unafraid. His heart swelled at her nerve. She'd barely asked him any questions, yet there she was, querying one of the most powerful men in Unanimity as if it were the most normal thing in the world for her. He was so busy marveling hat he didn't catch Mephi's curt response, either, even with Mephi so near the door. But it didn't matter. Not only was she alive and close by, but she was also braver than he'd ever hoped she'd be… and she'd be with him again soon. Hae-Joo watched Mephi make his way back to the elevator; he looked rather disgruntled. I bet you are, faced with a fabricant strong enough to question you... and thanks for showing me where to find her, Mephi. He couldn't keep a slight smirk from his face, which, fortunately, was concealed by his helmet, as Mephi and the escort walked past him to the elevator and descended. Nothing stirred on the level for the next two hours. Hae-Joo kept himself at attention, not knowing exactly when the escort would come. There probably would not be a call for them this time, and he had to be ready at any moment. He gathered his focus while he waited, envisioning all the possible scenarios that could unfold in the fight soon to follow, and how he could turn each one to his advantage. Finally, the elevator opened once again. Three Enforcers walked out, the number he had expected. Good. It would allow him to delay his assault until the most opportune moment. He waited to ensure that the lead was passing all the other cells and headed for Sonmi's; then, he silently crossed the hall and fell in line after them. They halted in front of the cell, noticed him, and looked at him curiously—if one could look curious in a helmet that didn't show one's face. But he had already come up with an explanation for them during the past two hours. \"Mephi said I should join you when you came. He said if she wants to act like a pure-blood deviant, she can have four of us, just like them.\" These might actually be the same Enforcers who had brought Mephi up, but it worked as a joke either way. They all shared a good guffaw, himself included, while his stomach turned in disgust. But he knew that very soon they, and not she, would meet their end, through him. The lead opened the cell and stopped just outside the door, while the next one stopped across from him. Then the one with the cuffs went in; Hae-Joo followed, and stood just inside the door. Then he was looking down at Sonmi, seated against the wall, her legs clasped before her. She was clad only in the short white night dress she'd had on under her robe when he last saw her; it was too much like the old fabricant sleep shift for his comfort. Her face was pale and lifeless, staring straight ahead, not even acknowledging the Enforcers. However brave she'd been with Mephi, she didn't look good now… and yet, she rose steadily to her feet. He burned to blast the escort and reveal himself right then and there, if only to bring life back into her face, but he knew he must wait just a little longer. His position wasn't ideal with the two Enforcers behind him; as they filed away down the corridor, those two would have their backs to him. Then he would strike. The one on his left grabbed Sonmi's wrists and roughly cuffed them as she stood, quiet and still. \"Move it!\" the Enforcer said, giving her a hard shove toward the door of the cell. She winced and stumbled, as Hae-Joo controlled his rage. You'll be first. She regained her footing and walked slowly forward; they reversed direction and filed out around her. The cell door slammed shut behind them. Hae-Joo got his hand on his blaster… his finger on the trigger. Now. He raised his arm and blasted the Enforcer to his right, who had pushed her, and never knew what hit him. The Enforcer in front of him turned, grabbing for his weapon. Hae-Joo blasted him before he could raise it. Sonmi turned this way and that, scared and bewildered, having barely glimpsed the blasts, the two Enforcers falling; she faced him, but of course she could not recognize him. Hae-Joo and the remaining Enforcer faced off, blasters pointed at each other, her head in between. He'd anticipated this, while the Enforcer hadn't. He reached for Sonmi's head, and she began to drop instinctively even before he touched her. He ducked and spun, pushing her behind him as the Enforcer shot at the space where her head had been; they began to grapple fiercely. But this one was no slouch, and shot after shot burst near their bodies as they barely kept each other's blasters away. The Enforcer managed to pin his arms. Hae-Joo head-butted him, but the hard helmets only smacked off each other. So much for that. The Enforcer twisted him toward the wall, his hand choking Hae-Joo's throat, kicking the back of his leg and forcing him to one knee… slowly pushed his blaster toward his head… But Hae-Joo had considered how he might use the wall. He strained, unable to breathe, yet forced the blaster away from his head, his own downward, into position… there. He fired at the wall. The rebound of the blast threw the Enforcer backward as Hae-Joo whipped around and shot him, and it was over. He turned to Sonmi. She was panting, wide-eyed with fear and confusion. She couldn't know who had won, who he was, or what was going on. He quickly took the magnetic wand from his uniform, and she flinched as he pointed it at her. With a click he released her cuffs, and they fell to the floor with a clatter. Relief filled her eyes. Then, he took off the helmet. Though the hours since their separation had been anguish for them both, all of it felt washed away in the radiance of her shocked, ecstatic gaze. With a cry, she rushed over and threw her arms around him. \"I won't let you go again,\" he whispered as he crushed her to him, her joyful sobs in his ear. He had to end their embrace much too soon, shove the helmet back on and rush her to the next utility lift. Still, he relished having his arm around her, the way she clung to him... they descended to the maintenance parking, and he got them into the plumber's truck unseen. He swiftly peeled off the Enforcer uniform and hid it in the back of the truck, then put the blaster in the bag next to him. Finally, he tucked Sonmi into a corner; unable to help himself, he cupped her face in his hand, sharing her sweet gaze for another instant. He hated to release her, and saw her grow fearful as soon as he did. Or was she simply reflecting his own returning anxiety? For he knew that they weren't safe yet; not by far. He flew them up through the bowels of the parking levels to the exit of the maintenance dock, and held his breath as the truck was scanned. And as he had suspected, the prison security system did not scan for life forms, only ID-nanos... which fabricants did not have. The massive, jaw-like gates opened, and his heart pounded as he slowly drove out of the prison, gradually increased his speed outside… but in less than half a minute, he heard Enforcer sirens. \" Shit. \" Hae-Joo rarely cursed aloud, but this was one of those moments. So the escape had been discovered. But the search must still be focused within the prison, and they hadn't yet made the connection to the plumbing truck; the Enforcers weren't opening fire, just ordering him to prepare for boarding. There was that, at least. \"What are you going to do?\" Sonmi whispered, sounding desperately interested in the answer. \"Stay calm, stay calm,\" he muttered, as much to himself as to Sonmi as he slowed down to land on the nearest building. He smiled and nodded at the Enforcers through the window, hand to his temple as if he were using a subtranslator, and tried to look as stupid as possible. He'd hoped to hell they could avoid such a stop, but for this, too, he had planned. He must maintain cover, make them think that he was just another poor, cowed sub, or they'd blast the truck out of the sky; his only chance was to keep them off guard until he could somehow get the jump on them. There were four on cruisers, two aeros… shit. He had the blaster and sticky bombs in his bag, but there was no way to grab them, let alone use them yet… he would have only his body and his wits to begin with. The next few minutes would test him to his limit. As he landed, one of the two aeros veered away back to the prison, apparently deeming a single aero and four cruiser Enforcers more than enough to handle some idiot in a plumbing truck. It was a start . He began jabbering subspeak from a distant province as soon as he stepped out of the driver's door, babbling over their Consumer as though he didn't understand. He let his upraised hands shake as if with nervousness—it wasn't much of a stretch. But in truth, a highly-charged adrenaline was gathering within him, and his hands only shook because he wanted them to. The Enforcers were irritated. They shoved him roughly against the side of the truck for a scan as he apparently staggered and flailed in fear, still babbling noisily. One of them took a moment to disdain his \"migrant monkey-talk.\" He could tell he had already been dismissed as a threat in their minds. Good. He had made sure that they positioned him where their scan would likely pick up Sonmi as well... counter-intuitive, yet it could prove crucial. He'd had his Unanimic ID-nano removed long ago, a significant offense; but thanks to his performance, and the cheaply spoofed replacement, they had him pegged him as an illegal migrant worker, rather than a dissident. One of them jammed Hae-Joo's hands together for cuffs, and he protested theatrically as he prepared for a swift drop and upward strike to grab the blaster at his neck. His position was less than ideal, with a second blaster pointed at him and two other Enforcers at his back, but he was not going to let them cuff him, whatever else happened… and then, his deliberate staggering paid off. The scan picked up a second life form in the truck, and two of the four Enforcers moved off to look inside, leaving his hands free. He let his hands drift slowly back up to either side of him, and glanced back to note the exact positions of the remaining Enforcers; this would save him fractions of a second. They didn't even care that he was moving, frightened, weak sub that he was. Their attention would be briefly diverted when they found her. Keep up the act —he let his babbling get hysterical. Surely she could hear him. She must be terrified. They would find her in a second, but they were not taking her again. \"It's her!\" an Enforcer exclaimed from the truck. The two behind Hae-Joo twitched in surprise. \"It'll be okay, huh?\" he yelled to Sonmi, his suddenly perfect Consumer distracting the Enforcers further. It was time. With the speed nature had gifted him, and countless hours of training had sharpened to a blinding force, Hae-Joo turned around and snatched the blaster out of the near Enforcer's hands while bending out of the aim of the far one. He shot the far one at the same instant his target fired; the far one was still aimed where Hae-Joo had been a fraction of a second ago, and hit the near one instead. Two down, and he now held a blaster. A muffled \" What?!\" inside the truck, and rapid footsteps behind it, indicated the positions of the other two Enforcers. Hae-Joo dodged the shot of the running Enforcer and took the swiftest solution: vaulting onto his shoulders, he forced his opponent's blaster into the Enforcer's own body at the precise, predictable moment it fired again. He flipped forward as the Enforcer's body flew backward, rolled to his feet and dashed to the front door of the truck; a shot from the last Enforcer, who'd just left the truck, flashed past him. He could hear the hum of the aero approaching, and knew he had seconds to bring it down, if that. He grabbed his bag of bombs from the driver's seat and kicked the opposite door open, glancing back at Sonmi—still safe—then climbed and rolled to the roof of the truck. Dropping the blaster, he grabbed a bomb, swung it over his head, and launched it at the aero's windshield. He glimpsed Sonmi jumping out the door as a shot from the last Enforcer flashed through the truck. The bomb stuck to the windshield, and the panicked pilot tried to veer the aero away, its fate already sealed. The blaster had fallen off the top of the truck. Shit . The last Enforcer was aiming for Sonmi; there was no time to open his bag, so he snatched it as he twisted himself off the truck to land in front of her. He saw the cruiser between him and the Enforcer as he landed, and knew what to do. As the distracted Enforcer missed his shot, Hae-Joo twisted across the cruiser, jamming the ignition to maximum. It roared off the roof, ramming the Enforcer with it, just as the aero exploded in flames. Catching his breath, Hae-Joo turned back to Sonmi to make sure she was all right. Her stunned face glowed in the inferno. \"Who are you?\" Well she might ask, now that she had seen what he was capable of. It was time to tell her the truth. \"Commander Hae-Joo Chang,\" he said with a slight bow, then a moment's hesitation—\"First Science Officer of the Union rebellion.\" She'd read about Union; perhaps she had suspected he was involved, but she had never asked him about it. Now, however, her questions wouldn't stop. \"Why are you doing this?\" Again she wore that serious, perplexed look, as if trying to solve some riddle of physics in her head; it seemed like ages since he'd seen it, and it filled him with affection. But this was not a moment when he could go into depth, nor was he sure if he could answer her question fully, even to himself. Yet he had to say something. \"Because I believe you have the power to change this world,\" he said, gazing at her. It was a true, if not complete answer, and they really didn't have time for anything more. He pulled her toward another vacant cruiser, helped her mount, and jumped on in front of her, putting the blaster from his bag within easy reach. \"Lean forward, into me,\" he instructed. She did, and he wrapped her arms around his torso. \"Hold on as tightly as you can.\" As they dove off the roof, he could hear more Enforcers on their way. After some incredibly reckless driving, streaking between oncoming lanes of traffic at top speed, dodging phasers, dropping from one drivetube to the next to try to shake their pursuers, they had another close call; an aero rose meters before them, cutting them off. There was nothing for Hae-Joo to do but grab the blaster and fly straight toward it, off the drivetube, shooting like mad at the aero's windshield; insane, yet effective, as it splintered in huge cracks, blocking the Enforcer's visuals as they plummeted away. He managed to put some distance between them and their pursuers with the subsequent long, nerve-wracking fall through one crowded traffic drivetube after another, Sonmi's arms crushing his chest, his own muscles straining to hold them on the cruiser… with a jolt, they landed on the empty maintenance drivetube far below, and tore toward Neo Seoul's outskirts. But soon four aeros homed in on them, no longer bothering with phasers and now firing missiles at their tiny, weaving target. Massive explosions burst out left and right, an apartment building, a bridge; horrible awareness of the innocents being blasted away with such excessive force flashed through Hae-Joo's mind. But he had to save Sonmi, and get them to the damway. They flew in just as missiles exploded around the entrance. He continued at full speed for a few seconds, then brought the cruiser to a swift stop. He knew Sonmi was wondering what on earth he was up to when he dismounted. Her hands clutched frantically at him as he scanned the tunnel's entrance. \"Come on,\" he murmured, helping her off. He heard the cruisers entering the tunnel, quickly opened his bag and grabbed a bomb. It was in his hands, and now he could see the approaching lights. \"What are you doing?\" Sonmi asked him, practically hopping up and down with anxiety. Hae-Joo looked at her. It was an excellent question, but this was no time for an answer. He had outlined the procedure about to follow for his comrades, in the event they were ever chased into the tunnel en route to Old Seoul and had his sticky bombs. However, it had never yet been tested… and it could well end up being a one-time procedure. Nothing to do but try. He looked forward, swung the bomb, and threw it down the tunnel as hard as he could. He faintly saw it hurtling past the cruisers, then lost it. But the static field that made it sticky should cause it to rebound off the drivetube at the bottom of the tunnel and plant itself on the nearest surface: the ceiling or walls. Where exactly mattered far less than the distance he'd manage to throw it, as they needed all they could get. He swiftly pulled open the nearest sewer cover. One, two… there it went. \"Come on, come on, quick!\" He urged her down the ladder as a column of water roared toward them, engulfing their pursuers. She gasped and hurried down, no longer needing an explanation. He grabbed his bag, climbed in after her, and slammed the cover shut just before the waters rushed over it.[Chapter 11] He had saved them from fire and flood. But now they were, quite literally, in shit. As he descended the last wrung of the ladder to splash down next to Sonmi, he could hear her retching in the darkness. He found her and put his arms around her, steadying her until the dry heaves passed. Finding his flashlight, he turned it on and tried to reassure her. \"It'll be all right, Sonmi. I know the way through here to Old Seoul. We can hide there, it's—it's my home. I'll be with you the whole way.\" She looked back at him, shaking with nausea, but nodded bravely. He put his arm around her again, and off they sloshed, side by side. Despite the circumstances, it was an immense relief not to have to worry about immediate pursuit. With the tunnel flooded, the next available sewer access gave them a good head start on the Enforcers; but that was only if they knew their way readily through the passages, and chose to brave the foulness at all, both of which Hae-Joo highly doubted. They would likely be swarming through the old city when they got out, but he knew how to melt into the crowds in the slums. So for now they were alone, and safe. Sonmi seemed to sense this too as she clung to his arm, moving quickly and without complaint. When they finally emerged in Old Seoul, passer-by stared, giving them a wide berth. But in all honesty, they were not nearly as shocking in their current state here in the old city as they might be elsewhere. First, they needed new clothes; not only was what they had on beyond the ability of an all-cleaner to salvage, it made them too recognizable. Within a couple minutes, they were at a clothing stall in the street market. The subvendor watched the filthy credits drop onto his little table with barely a blink. He silently went about fetching the items Hae-Joo requested, even helpfully folding each set of clothes into an old bag. Hae-Joo dropped him a bunch more credits. \"Thank you for your assistance, and for forgetting you ever saw us.\" The vendor nodded, his eyes lingering curiously on Sonmi as they left. At last, they were headed to the nearest washhouse. Thank Humanity. How good it would feel to wash up and put on new clothes… he even found himself looking forward to seeing Sonmi in that pretty purple tunic he'd seen her gazing at, which he had made sure the vendor picked… Oh, Chang. Is that all you can think of right now? But he couldn't really chide himself. They were both wretchedly filthy and exhausted from recent ordeals; yet they were also relatively safe, and would soon be clean, and she was with him again, and damned if he would deny either her or himself pleasure in a bit of beauty now. He found them cabins side by side and gave Sonmi her bag of clothes. \"I'll be next door, or waiting just outside. Take your time.\" She nodded, looking as desperately eager as he was. After closing her door, he went into his cabin and lost no time in stripping. He dumped the maintenance uniform straight into the disposal bin; emptied his bag, and threw it in after. The old, beat-up all-cleaner gave him doubts, but in the end it proved able to remove every last trace of filth from his person after three cycles on the highest setting. He did four just to be safe. There was also hot water for further, psychological cleansing, so he gave in and relished a quick shower, even though it wasn't strictly necessary. After a jolt under the all-drier, he dressed, putting his carefully cleaned blaster, flashlight, and two remaining bombs into the jacket pockets, hoping very much that he wouldn't need them for at least the rest of the evening. As he came out, he glimpsed Sonmi's face through the blurred window of her cabin. Her eyes were closed, her face turned upward with a blissful expression as the water streamed over her—he swiftly walked off a few meters, feeling warm all over. But his tired brain had far more grave things to occupy itself. It was time for him to make contact with Union. He had to coordinate a safe house and, far more importantly, introduce Sonmi to General Apis; the realization that the time was at hand for Sonmi to learn of their plan was like an immense stone in his stomach. He hadn't allowed himself to think of it before now, and his protectiveness toward her, by now nearly instinctive, rose. Could she even handle such shocking knowledge, let alone make the choice they hoped she would? But she had learned and changed so much; she was no longer the trembling diner server he had first rescued, so subservient that any choice at all risked triggering severe trauma. And what was more, they were running out of time. For a moment he considered it all as a calculating, detached Union commander. Sonmi was now not only the first ascending fabricant, and the first fabricant to have escaped her place of work: whether they called her one or not, she was now also the first human being to escape the Neo Seoul prison. The Enforcers would never stop looking for her, and their efforts to find her would only increase. It would be easy enough for them to hide in the old city for a few days, but as the Enforcer patrols continued to come up empty, the authorities were sure to employ sophisticated DNA sniffers... and then even more drastic methods. They would raze the slums, if it came to it. Sonmi needed to learn the complete story now, while she still had a choice to make, before they found her again, precluding further choice for her forever. But it was impossible for him to think of Sonmi in a detached way; it had never been possible, really. And suddenly, the truth almost undid him: that their triumphant, daring, and exhausting escape, and his relief at having her next to him again, were inseparably linked to ever-increasing danger for her, and to Union's heavy purpose for her. It seemed too harsh to be borne. Yet this was their path, and he had to push onward with her. Whatever the future held, there was no turning back now. Soon Sonmi emerged, looking reborn; in the simple, one-shoulder purple silk tunic with embroidered border, she was the loveliest he had seen her yet. For a moment he forgot everything else and simply stared at her. She lowered her eyes shyly at first; then, when he couldn't tear his away, she slowly raised them to meet his again, smiling hesitantly... a smile so beautiful, he could only share it. But practical concerns soon returned. They would have to be careful on the streets, even beyond their fugitive status. She just might be overlooked as a fabricant at first glance from the average pure-blood now, but there were plenty of stolen and repurposed models in the old city, and sharp-eyed black market dealers would be neither fooled by her appearance nor hesitant to grab her if they saw an opportunity. Frankly, pure-blood females needed to be almost as cautious around here. The predators usually targeted the prettiest, as well as the innocent; she was both. He had bought a dark shawl for her to wear over the tunic, and he carefully put it around her. But it slipped stylishly, showing off her slim, delicate shoulder… and he found himself, guiltily, liking it all the more for it. Well, a shawl wouldn't keep her safe; only his constant physical contact and vigilance could. It was time for them to be on their way. \"Sonmi, my leader would very much like to talk to you,\" he said quietly. \"If you are willing.\" Even now that he himself had surrendered to the inevitability of what was ahead, he could not just force her to go along. But she had no reason to be unwilling; she still did not know the gravity of her situation. If she did, she might well run away and hide right now. And yet the whole point behind him taking her to Apis was for her to finally know… only then could she want to hide... Fatigue was catching up with him, and his mind was going around in circles, building paradoxes and contradicting itself. Sonmi looked anxious, but as she gazed at him, she seemed more focused on his conflicted state than what he had actually said. \"I don't understand why he would want to talk to me,\" she said, frowning. \"Or what you told me earlier. How can I change the world, Hae-Joo?\" In retrospect, seeing how they had barely managed to get away from the Enforcers, he himself didn't understand why he had made such a confession at that moment… although he hadn't told her everything he felt about her. \"It would be best if he explained that to you at our headquarters,\" he murmured. \"I can't tell you here; it's not safe, nor is it my place.\" He could no longer bear her gaze, so perplexed and worried, and he lowered his eyes. They fell on her delicate hands, which were clasped tightly together... it made him think of her kino, long gone now. He gently took her hands in his; but whether it was for her sake or his own, he couldn't have said. For a few seconds he just gazed at those slender hands, stroking them lightly; felt her slim fingers tentatively grip his back. He heard her soft voice again. \"I will go see him, if you think it would be best.\" He looked at her again. He could see her wondering what it was he wouldn't tell her; what, he now realized, he was afraid for her to learn. And he knew that she could see that he was afraid. Still, she trusted him, in spite of it all. \"After you see him, we'll go someplace safe and rest,\" he promised them both. He made the quick call to headquarters that they had gotten through and were on their way. Then he took her arm, and, kicking his weary brain back to hyper-awareness for Enforcers, unsavory types and anything else, led her through the old city. He could feel her astonishment as she took in, or perhaps more accurately, was assaulted by a host of new sensations. A cacophony of sound: rapid, rough subspeak, blaring audi-ads, hawkers, pop-beats, street musicians… a scent bouquet of cooking odors, pleasure-fumes, waste, and the bodies of subs who couldn't afford all-cleaners, many not even running water… a visual kaleidoscope of merchandise stalls, bizarre delicacies, flashing signs, filth mingled with gaudiness, building structures improvised, in decay or on the verge of collapse… and a never-ending crush of passers-by: curious, miserable, aggressive, oblivious, and everything in between. Imagining how it must all seem in her perception reminded him of his own first time in the slums. He spotted an approaching Enforcer patrol and swiftly moved his body between them and Sonmi, adopting a casual pose of contemplating some slabs of lizard meat for sale as he gripped her arm tightly, tensed for more drastic action. A second later she, too, caught sight of the patrol, and he felt her stiffen with terror. But she kept outwardly calm, standing quietly next to him as the Enforcers drew close… Thankfully, they strode by obliviously, taking them for just another pair of subs shopping the market. Hae-Joo scanned the crowd to be sure there were no more for the moment, then drew her along, willing his heartbeat to slow. \"Come on,\" he said, tension bringing an edge to his voice. As she continued to peer around, he cautioned her. \"Stay close. Fabricants get snatched here.\" Her large eyes regarded him anxiously. He wondered if she'd touched on the black market in fabricants during her study, on the street sex trade and other schemes… then he wondered what she knew of prostitution at all. Or sex, for that matter. She had probably learned at the beginning of her former life that some of her more distant sisters had the Unanimity-sanctioned \"sacred duty\" of serving Consumers with their bodies; she'd witnessed Yoona-939 and Seer Rhee together, though she and her sister had never spoken of the taboo activity. In the flat, Hae-Joo had glimpsed her peering intently at digis of the human male and female reproductive systems, before looking somewhere else. He knew she had covered a great many more topics than just those he had seen; somehow, she didn't seem confused by his warning. She caught sight of a food stall with fried rats hanging from their tails. \"This is where you live?\" she asked him, bewildered. He could see how calling all this his home might have her baffled now. The words had rushed out of him without thought, intended to reassure her. He didn't really live anywhere; his last flat was now an empty hole, and he had always been on the move, planning, fighting, hiding… but he he had done all this for Union, which had been the home of his soul for many years. And Union was inextricably linked to Old Seoul. Lately, however, he'd been doing all of his planning, fighting and hiding for Sonmi. While that had begun on behalf of Union, he felt within him that Union's goals were no longer the main reason. Were they even part of the reason at all, anymore? Of course they are. Part of it. He tried to focus on her question. In his exhausted state, maneuvering them through the chaos while keeping his eyes peeled for signs of trouble was more than enough for him to deal with, but even now, her thirst for knowledge was precious to him. He thought again of the wide-eyed teen he had been himself in his early explorations of these streets… seeing raw life for the first time, wondering about the elusive rebels; searching for a purpose. \"This,\" he said, steering her past a pile of garbage, \"is where Union was born.\" Something else caught her eye, and she came to an abrupt halt. He followed her gaze to a red-lantern-box above them, and saw a prostitute that had once been a Sonmi model. She sat limply in a skimpy white dress, made up like a doll; a crude, bright sticker in the shape of a flower was on her neck, probably to hide the result of a careless collar removal. At the sight of her more fortunate sister below, the doll slowly straightened, her painted eyes dead, yet still compelled, somehow, to look closer… His Sonmi was trembling. He tried to move her along, but she walked haltingly, clasping the shawl about herself, her hands shaking so hard she fumbled. He put his arm around her to steady her, but she seemed to flinch away from his touch, clutching her shawl more tightly around her; he felt a pang deep inside. He gazed at her with concern, but she avoided his eyes, her expression drawn inward. It was as if she were bothered not only by what she'd seen, but by some disturbing memory... suddenly, he recalled a bit of Union surveillance vidi from Papa Song's, a brief glimpse of a placid server going about her work as her behind and a bit more got groped by a laughing Consumer, and understood. Perhaps only the sight of her wretched sister had made Sonmi fully understand it herself. Damn Unanimity. Hae-Joo led her slowly by her arm for a while, hating her shaking, what she was remembering and imagining with such distress, and his powerlessness to stop it all. He briefly wished he could add certain other Consumers to the Enforcers he'd destroyed today; preferably, he'd ram them all off the roof with that cruiser. He could just see one of those smug, arrogant men now… forget the cruiser, he'd throw him off the roof with his bare hands, screaming helplessly, plummeting to a gory explosion on the pavement below… But murderous visions of revenge were of no use in their situation. He struck them from his mind and focused on Sonmi, wishing he could help her somehow. They were passing another clothing stall; his eyes fell on a long black cloak. On an impulse, he stopped and bought it. It was something to do; maybe it would help her feel safer. It could at least show her that he cared. As he wrapped it lightly around her, her eyes tried to meet his again, and her lips twitched tremulously. He put a hesitant hand on her shoulder, not sure what to say, or even if he should touch her right then… but then, she closed her eyes and nestled into his chest. He hugged her to him gently, relieved beyond words. Gradually, he felt her shaking lessen, and finally cease. As they moved on, she walked normally, just pressed a bit closer to him than she had before.[Chapter 12] They left the crowded, chaotic streets for nearly empty, darkly twisting alleys. He guided her through a hidden door in an abandoned building, down into the cellar, and along a lengthy series of interconnecting underground passageways, until they finally arrived at Union's headquarters. As usual, it was teeming with members and equipment, dead serious in atmosphere. A guard met them and escorted them through the complex, down to the General Apis's room. Apis's personal guard motioned them to wait on the stairs, indicating that the General was currently meeting with someone else; a moment later, Mitchell walked out of the room. Hae-Joo was shocked to see Mitchell back in Nea So Copros. But then, it made sense for him to return now to consult with Apis and the Nea So Copros collective, just before a possible turning point in the rebellion, the genesis of which he himself had conceived. Hae-Joo just wished he had known, somehow... but he'd been preoccupied lately, to say the least. Mitchell paused, took in his old friend with Sonmi hovering timidly behind him, and gave him a look. It was short, but significant. In his eyes was recognition of what Hae-Joo had been through, as well as what was yet ahead of him. Apis must have briefed him just now, though they couldn't possibly know all the details; yet as always, what Mitchell didn't know, he seemed to guess. In the look was grim understanding of both the difficulty and the necessity of what was at hand. And although it was likely only Hae-Joo would have been able to see it, there was deep sympathy as well... or was it sorrow? There was no time for words. Mitchell moved on to whatever duties awaited him, and Hae-Joo and Sonmi went in to see General Apis. And in his eloquent, charismatic, yet ruthless way, the General finally revealed to Sonmi her purpose in Union's ultimate plan. General Apis requested that Sonmi speak out on behalf of Union to humanity; this act, he calmly explained, would earn her a swift and certain death sentence from Unanimity. Union, in the representative of Hae-Joo, had freed Sonmi and helped her learn how to live freely, only to ask her now to give up her life. When the request was finally made, Sonmi stood blinking and bewildered, looking from him to the General and back to him again. And Hae-Joo felt profound unhappiness in his soul; yet he did not feel guilt. It was almost the same plight all of them were in already: conform and live under oppressive control, or resist and be prepared to die for it. Sonmi had known this even when she took her first shaky steps out of the diner; in a sense, she had already joined the resistance then... but she could not have known that as a fabricant, her ongoing ascendance challenged Unanimity on a more profound level than the acts of even the most defiant pure-blood. Her very existence contradicted Unanimity's core values, and her double escape had only made her an even greater target for elimination. Hae-Joo still could not help feeling distress at the danger he had put Sonmi in by helping her, even though he knew her life would certainly be over by now if he had not. He also knew that Sonmi had begun to act freely and do things that earned her xcisement even before she met him, during her interactions with Yoona-939 at the very beginning of her ascendance. But knowing didn't make this any easier. Fabricant ascendance, as attractive as it was to Union, posed a deep ethical dilemma. Union held the ideal that all fabricants were human beings, and could develop free will, or \"ascend\"—a term coined by Mitchell himself. However, from the beginning of their existence, fabricants were subject to rigid genetic and environmental programming designed specifically to subdue their free will, and in all the years since Unanimity had begun to develop and utilize fabricants, this programming had been almost universally successful. What was more, Mitchell had obtained highly disturbing data from classified Unanimic experiments on fabricants, and it revealed that forcing fabricants to act against their programming utterly failed. It resulted in severe trauma at best. At worst, the experimental subjects displayed outbursts of uncontrollable panic and violence that endangered even the Unanimic scientists, as well as attempts at what could only be called self-xcisement. Based on this evidence and his additional thought experiments, Mitchell concluded that in order for Union to ethically recruit a fabricant, it would have to find one who by some fluke of genetics, environment, or both had already begun the journey of ascension themselves; a fabricant whose tendency to free will was self-initiated and revealed itself in observable ways which the fabricant did not suppress. Since even a minor demonstration of free will automatically sentenced a fabricant to xcisement if discovered, removing a self-ascending fabricant from their place of service would truly be a rescue. Only for such a fabricant could the risk of escape, the loss of their short, joyless, yet secure former existence, and the inevitable suffering of the journey to self-awareness be justified... and only for such a fabricant did Union's efforts have the slimmest chance of succeeding. As Union had long suspected, and additional Corporate data obtained by Mitchell confirmed, \"manufacturing defects\" occurred in fabricants more often than Consumers were generally aware. The collars, though ostensibly theft deterrents, were also strong indicators of the need for the authorities to quickly contain at least some fabricant-initiated incidents. The Corporate reports did refer to a number of incidents in which some fluke of genomics or programming caused a fabricant to exhibit so-calling defective behavior, such as freezing at their work, or screaming repeatedly, or wandering blankly into Consumer areas. In a few instances, fabricants even threw themselves convulsively at the doors or walls of their place of service in apparent seizures. In such cases, swift collar detonation by a Seer was often warranted, rather than removal by Enforcers for xcisement. Mitchell was certain that such incidents were caused by free will urges bursting uncontrollably free of the fabricants' own repression. Yet they were of no use to either Union or the fabricants themselves when those few that had them were unable to act constructively, and Unanimity destroyed them so quickly. To this day, there was only one fabricant to have ever consciously attempted escape on her own, and it wasn't Sonmi. The greatest wickedness of their conditioning was that except in those cases of models literally breaking down, the vast majority of fabricants appeared to self-correct, reflexively subduing any urge to break the guidelines they knew as catechisms before it could be observed. This was consistent with the incredibly low number of xcisements and collar detonations reported for deliberate anti-catechismic behavior by fabricants, such as handling Consumer property without explicit orders, or consciously refusing to follow a Consumer command. Such reports were universally brief, vague, and dated from the earlier decades of genomics, and no more recent evidence could be found. It was possible that it had been suppressed, buried too deep for even Mitchell's far-reaching access to obtain. Mitchell, and Union, could only hope that some minor free will acts by fabricants might yet go unobserved and unpunished, providing the seeds for true ascendance in the future. Agents around the world were commissioned to conduct months of observation at various fabricants establishments, searching for models displaying such potential. But Mitchell's idea had seemed doomed to remain purely theoretical, because no fabricant had yet been observed in the early stages of ascendance… until Yoona-939 was discovered. A sharp young Afrasian science officer happened to visit a particular Papa Song's in Neo Seoul. There, he noticed a very subtle difference between Yoona-939 and her sisters: it seemed that her bright, Consumer-ready smile occasionally communicated a shade of sexuality. This, despite their tiny outfits, was strictly forbidden to fabricants at that establishment. The Papa Song Corporation, like all Corporations, had experimented with a variety of fabricant behaviors in order to maximize profits, and their current model—smile cutely, move gracefully, continuing working demurely if groped or otherwise harassed—had converted to the highest sales. The servers were conditioned to tolerate the frequent sexual advances they were subject to with calm expressions, yet strictly forbidden to encourage them; there were different fabricant establishments for such activity. But although she worked with a pretty efficiency identical to that of her sisters, Yoona-939 seemed to act somewhat differently around some of the non-abusive, relatively civil Consumers; somehow, the smile she showed them was more inviting than the one she bestowed on the rude majority. However tiny, the difference was noticeable enough that the agent found himself smiling back at her when she served him-something he could never recall doing with a fabricant server before. And when he did, he was astonished to see Yoona-939's smile alter yet again, becoming positively flirtatious for a few seconds, until her duties took her out of his presence. He was very surprised that the diner's Seer hadn't noticed this quirk in his fabricant's behavior; but then again, perhaps he had. He did seem to wear a slightly larger smirk when he interacted with her than he did with the other fabricants; however, he treated her no differently otherwise that the agent could see. Still, the officer had a hunch that there might be something more going on between them after work hours. Although Yoona-939 demonstrated absolutely no other atypical behaviors at work, the agent's report of her mysterious smile intrigued Hae-Joo and the other leaders of the Nea So Copros collective. Really, the agent's reaction toward her was more indicative that the fabricant was special than any description he could give; he spoke of her almost affectionately, with a smile lighting up his own dark face and real warmth in his eyes. He persuaded Hae-Joo and the other Union leaders that constant monitoring of Papa Song's, especially during the fabricant's four hour sleep shift, would be worth the risk. He even volunteered to discretely place audio and visual monitoring chips in various parts of the diner during the next work shift himself, a highly risky task that required extraordinary skill and dexterity; however, a quick drill convinced them all that he was more than capable. His hunch was proven right, and the risk well rewarded, as the chips soon revealed exactly what Yoona-939 and her Seer were up to. Their sex could hardly be considered consensual... yet Yoona-939 seemed genuinely eager. This ran completely opposite to the catatonic response of fabricants in all other recorded incidents of forbidden sex with pure-bloods. In fact, behavior like Yoona-939's had never been observed even among fabricants in commercial sex venues, where a decorous artificiality remained in all encounters. Yoona-939's sexual desire was, by all appearances, as real as her smile. It was clear that Yoona-939 also held a slight but crucial measure of power over Seer Rhee, and a place in his limited affections. It would have been far too easy for him to take advantage of her once, then simply report her as defective and get her xcised. Yet from a few days' observation, it was quite clear that Seer Rhee had no intention of ending their affair any time soon. He didn't hide his enjoyment of her, to say the least. It was obvious that her eagerness excited him, and while his behavior was constantly dominant, he was clearly aware and even encouraging of her anomalous desire. He kept the collar detonator with him, just as he did during the work shift, but he never threatened to use it. Neither of them ever spoke, yet their frequent encounters far more resembled those of a couple in a mutually pleasurable relationship than of even a Consumer and pureblood sexworker. Most significantly of all, the Seer allowed Yoona-939 to witness him utterly vulnerable in the stupor of his soap addiction. And this, in turn, gave her effective free reign of the diner while he lay passed out. She loved to explore, and had apparently stolen the internal access key from the Seer at some point as he slept. This allowed her into areas of the diner normally forbidden to her, such as the storeroom and the Consumer lost and found. Union had no visual surveillance of the lost and found, just an audio chip a few meters from the door; yet it was clear from her frequent entries and the subsequent sounds she made that she was examining and playing with all kinds of Consumer property. Yoona-939's combination of sensuality and curiosity, as well as her uncanny ability to gain a subversive control over her Seer in their skewed relationship, all flew in complete defiance of her conditioning. Clearly, she had the potential to ascend fully, and after a couple days of observation, Hae-Joo and his fellow senior officers of the Nea So Copros collective began to make plans to bring her out of the diner. The diner had a fairly sophisticated security system to deter would-be fabricant thieves from breaking in, but it proved no match for the skill and persistence of Union's Neo Seoul contingent of hackers. With an all-access orison soon assembled, the remainder of the escape plan unfolded swiftly. The locked sleep boxes were essentially designed to store the fabricants as they rested; Union's surveillance vidi of Seer Rhee's actions revealed that it was a simple matter to revive and release a fabricant separately through external override. There was, of course, a chance that the Seer would show up on the same night Union went in to get her, his pattern of visits being unpredictable; however, any capable rebel agent could easily overcome him. And given the history of the Seer's taboo visits and Yoona-939's explorations, it was clear that the Enforcer's surveillance system, a ubiquitous feature of life under Unanimity, was either turned off or left completely un-monitored during the sleep shift. The ruthlessly thorough nature of fabricant conditioning, as well as the blind acceptance of the Unanimic principles from which it had been born, had apparently made the authorities complacent. It was actually the fabricant conditioning itself that would pose the greatest risk at the beginning of the escape; none of the Union leaders had forgotten Mitchell's disturbing reports of the violence displayed by fabricants forced to go against their programming. But given Yoona-939's established curiosity, it seemed unlikely that she would experience any major trauma if she was given the opportunity to leave the diner and explore far more than she ever could have dreamed of. The trick would be introducing the outside world to her in manageable doses. She would need a highly capable guard and mentor to be her guide; Hae-Joo himself was selected for that duty. Preparations were made, and a safe house prepared. But then, Yoona-939 did something that changed the discussion. At some point, between observations of Seer Rhee and examination of the controls while he was passed out, Yoona-939 too figured out how simple it was to manually reprogram the sleep boxes. One night, she woke a sister: Sonmi-451. Hae-Joo and his fellow leaders watched, stunned, as Sonmi-451 rose alone and bewildered. She crept timidly toward the noises Seer Rhee and Yoona-939 were making, then hid and watched until they finished with each other. Once Seer Rhee had guzzled a couple boxes of soap and reached oblivion, the two sisters whispered together. Though Sonmi-451 was clearly terrified of disobeying the catechisms, her sister managed to drag her into joining her rebellious exploration of the lost and found. This unexpected turn of events divided the inner circle of Union. Breaking out and hiding two fabricants would be a good deal more complicated than one, it was true. Yet Hae-Joo was sure he could manage it, and wanted to act immediately; Mitchell supported him via digi from AmerCorpia. Yet they met the argument from other leaders that Sonmi-451 had shown no initiative to free will of her own. Union had only audio surveillance from just outside the lost and found, and while it was clear from the muffled, oddly repetitive sounds that Yoona-939 was showing her sister something, Sonmi-451 kept silent, other than a gasp of fright shortly after entering. The fear and passiveness she clearly displayed on the vidi surveillance spoke unpromisingly of her ability to ascend, the others believed; she might only be temporarily obeying her stronger sister in place of her conditioning, and prove unable to truly break her programming without experiencing serious trauma, or worse. An outburst of panic and violence such as had been observed in fabricants in the Unanimic experiments could cause an already risky escape attempt to fail, and cost them Yoona-939 as well. Meanwhile, Hae-Joo insisted that he was capable of containing any such incident while minimizing harm to his charges, whether physical or mental, but not all were convinced. Some suggested tranquilizing or otherwise subduing one or both fabricants during the escape. However, Mitchell believed that this would sabotage the ascension process entirely by removing free will from the crucial first decision; the choice to leave must be the fabricants' alone. A few pointed out that Sonmi-451 could well report Yoona-939 to the Seer, perhaps even at the next work shift. Despite the Seer's sexual enjoyment of Yoona-939, he would be highly unlikely to show her leniency if he became aware of her further forbidden activities after he passed out. With that risk voiced, the proposal that Union should get just Yoona-939 out of the diner as soon as possible, and leave Sonmi-451 behind, gained support. However, Hae-Joo argued strongly against this with a number of points. If Union took only Yoona-939 and left Sonmi-451 behind, would they not have denied the latter her best chance of self-ascension? Fear was less desirable than eagerness, true, but a fabricant fully obedient to her conditioning would never have left her open sleep box to investigate the dim diner, nor even listened to any of Yoona-939's rebellious words. Obeying her sister spoke to a bond of familiarity between them, even trust; this was infinitely more promising than blind adherence to Unanimity's genomics programming. On the other hand, if Union removed only Yoona-939, and Sonmi-451 began to ascend on her own in her sister's absence, she would very likely be trapped and doomed. A second rescue would be next to impossible in the tightened security after the first, and she would surely be discovered eventually, and xcised. And how would Yoona-939, the precious self-ascending fabricant they all hoped would speak for their cause, react to Union leaving arguably her only friend to such a fate? A couple of leaders suggested that perhaps Sonmi-451 needed only a little more interaction with Yoona-939 to kindle her own urge to free will, and that an observation period of a few more days was warranted before making a decision to bring one or both fabricants out. Although every day of delay increased the likelihood of the sisters' discovery, it would further enable the positive outcome of two fabricants being brought safely out of the diner to serve in the Movement, which would be far more than twice as valuable as one. If, alternatively, Sonmi-451 failed to show progress in the next few days, they could with a better conscience choose to bring out just Yoona-939, whose ascendance was already all but certain. To this, Hae-Joo expressed his firm belief that Sonmi-451 would be able to both leave the diner immediately, and ascend eventually, with his and Yoona-939's help. He conceded the merit of letting the two sisters continue interacting in the familiar environment of the diner for a few more days, yet the danger of their discovery worried him greatly. He continued to urge immediate action to bring out both fabricants as soon as possible. But then came a far more radical idea, proposed by General Apis himself: perhaps both sisters should stay put and the entire diner remain under observation for a longer period, to see if this small rebellion grew any larger. The General's proposal gave rise to many more questions among the inner circle. Could self-ascension spread among fabricants like a virus in close quarters? Would their sisters be denied a real chance of developing free will if only the two were removed? Or would their sisters eventually report them if they remained, and destroy all of their chances? If the rebellion did spread, how could Union best rescue or otherwise aid all of the awakening sisters before the entire diner was liquidated? To Hae-Joo, and Mitchell, this was too callous an experiment. It created the very real chance that, in essentially testing the rest of the diner's so far completely obedient servers for the ability to ascend, they would lose the only two fabricants he knew they could save. But Apis thought it potentially an incredible opportunity for Union. In Yoona-939, they seemed to have the ascending fabricant they had hoped for, whose curiosity and cunning could lead her to full free will and one day inspire the masses to rebel against Unanimity... but just imagine if she were given the chance to lead her own kindred on the path to ascendance, from within the very system of their slavery. She had already possibly infected one sister with her ideas. What if Union had a dozen free-willed fabricants working with the rebellion... or a hundred? The hopes, concerns and debates had seemed endless, and the leaders of Union had not been able to come to an agreement. And so another typical work shift went by for the sisters at Papa Song's, and another sleep shift, with a similar sequence of secret visits. This time, Sonmi-451 did not speak at all. Yet in the brief glimpse vidi caught of her face, Hae-Joo thought she seemed a tiny bit less timid as she followed her sister to the lost and found room. After the sisters disappeared into room, the audio monitoring chip soon caught the same muffled, repetitive noises as it had the previous shift, and nothing else. Unfortunately, that brief glimpse did not persuade anyone else that Sonmi-451 was progressing. For several of the leaders, her silence indicated the opposite, and these again urged immediate rescue of Yoona-939 alone. Hae-Joo played the brief bit of vidi over and over again, trying to make them see what he had in that smooth face, those wide eyes: an increased sense of meaning... a potential... a truth… indeed, he wasn't sure himself what it was he saw. He wished that Mitchell could see it, too, but his duties had kept him from joining the discussion that night. Still, Hae-Joo vehemently refused to leave her behind; Apis and others counseled another day's wait. He argued against this, too, but failed to convince them. Thus, plans remained at a standstill for another night. The decision was finally made for them when Yoona-939, possibly emboldened by her sister sharing her secret, exposed herself during the next work shift. She punched a harrassive Consumer in the face—another first, there being no other recorded incident of a fabricant deliberately assaulting a Consumer—then she quoted Tim Cavendish, grabbed an orison from an oddly helpful little girl, and made a break for the elevator. In the bright lights of working hours, surrounded by staring Consumers, Seer Rhee detonated the collar of his secret fabricant lover whose ascendance he had inadvertently aided, and possibly even begun. That night, he returned to the diner at their usual trysting hour and drank a huge amount of soap, past oblivion, to his own death. He was holding a server's outfit in the colors Yoona-939 had worn to his chest when he expired. Through the monitoring chips, Union agents witnessed Yoona-939's aborted rebellion and reported it to the leaders of the Neo So Copros collective almost immediately after it occurred. Upon learning of her demise, Hae-Joo had been utterly furious that they hadn't acted sooner, as he and Mitchell had believed they should. That Yoona-939 had been cut down in her own rash but unprecedentedly bold escape attempt, when he knew he could have gotten her out safely, was almost too bitterly tragic to be borne. The vision of her final moments from the surveillance vidi haunted Hae-Joo. The way she stood just after she struck her harasser, gazing at the shocked, frozen Consumers and servers surrounding her... so brave, yet so helpless, and already knowing herself doomed. Then she spoke out, clearly and defiantly: \"I will not be subjected to criminal abuse.\" It was amazing to him that, lacking any education whatsoever, she could understand the meaning of the phrase in the vidi, let alone embody it so completely. But after all, she was sister to Sonmi, who had an uncanny ability to learn and absorb, and who had also taken Cavendish's phrase to heart before she read a single book. Then that little girl all but handed Yoona-939 an orison, the key that could unlock her prison, and hope briefly returned to her eyes. She forgot her collar and made a mad dash for the lift, but when she turned back and saw the Seer hold up the detonator, desperation filled her face... then betrayal. Hae-Joo would never forget the way her eyes widened, then grew far away as the blood gushed from her throat, and her body collapsed. How glad he was now that Seer Rhee had ended his own life, to spare him the temptation of killing him unnecessarily, in return for exploiting and destroying a life of such outstanding potential. At least the child had tried to help her. It was a strange thing for the little girl to have done, as children were drilled very early on the Unanimic hierarchy of life forms. Yet this one had behaved kindly toward a fabricant, and a wayward one at that; it gave one hope for the future. He only hoped that act of assistance did not bode badly for the little girl's future; the Enforcers might overlook it due to her age, but really, there was nothing Unanimity was incapable of. Her little face was so sweet, and somehow familiar. For an instant after he saw it on the vidi, he felt a surge of overwhelming affection and protectiveness. Dear Humanity, keep that sweet girl safe, and let her survive all that is yet to come. Even before the official order came, Hae-Joo had channeled his rage and remorse into finalizing preparations to bring out Sonmi-451 during the next sleep shift. An emergency meeting was called for last minute discussions, but he went in with his mind made up to act, to hell with what anyone else thought—including General Apis. But of course, they were now all of the same mind: timid or not, Sonmi-451 had suddenly become too precious for them to lose. How he regretted that he hadn't convinced them not to wait before, or simply acted on his own initiative, according to what he knew was right, whatever the consequences. It seemed so foolish now that he had let conventional notions of authority sway him-the very rules he had sworn to demolish when they interfered with the truth. The tragic waste of Yoona-939's ascending life weighed heavily on his soul. But there was no changing the past; only the present, and, possibly, the future. The return and apparent suicide of Seer Rhee was picked up by Union's monitoring chips and reported to Hae-Joo while he was on his way to the diner. As he stood over the man's body in the diner's storeroom and confirmed his death, Hae-Joo knew his mission had just become even more urgent. In the DNA investigation sure to follow, Sonmi-451's catechism-breaking activities of the previous sleep shifts would certainly be discovered... probably the very next day. And they were sure to get her xcised. He was recording the Seer's demise from multiple angles with the orison—officially for Union posterity, though not without a certain cold pleasure—when he felt a prickling at his back. He turned slightly, and surprise made him practically yell as he glimpsed Sonmi-451 herself behind him, already turning to flee. \"Wait— wait!\" He hadn't expected her to wake up by herself even with Yoona-939 gone, and he had to force himself to calm down, rapidly, in order to try to calm her. She obeyed him and stopped, frozen but for her trembling; his own hand, held out toward her, nearly shook as he slowly approached. He told her that there was no reason to hide. He called her by her name, trying to make his voice soft and kind, a voice she would feel she could trust. As she slowly turned back to face him, he had been startled by her eyes; both their wide, innocent beauty, and the flash of recognition the two of them seemed to share. Of course, he had seen her before… in the vidi… but how could she recognize him? She didn't yet know who he was, so he quietly introduced himself to her. The first tremulous words she spoke were, \"What has happened to Seer Rhee?\" She could see the man's body lying in a puddle of bloody vomit just behind Hae-Joo. She probably thought he had killed him, and well he might have... but he managed to keep the contempt from his voice and answer her in steady voice. \"Soap overdose.\" And now he must make her understand what this meant, without causing her to panic. He began carefully. \"It is unfortunate that it had to happen, with everything going so well—\" Really, Chang? That's the best you can come up with? What, precisely, has been going well for her lately? The mocking voice in his head was borne of his fears, but he must not falter now. He continued, moving a few steps closer—\"Because now it is probable that the Enforcers and the DNA sniffers will find out about you. And if they do… if they realize your connection to Yoona-939… you will be xcised.\" Her eyes were huge and frightened, but she was listening. He carefully moved still closer. She must leave with him, now, yet it could only be by her own decision. He tried to keep his voice gentle, to send strength and faith from his soul to hers. \"But you have a choice. You can remain here, and risk being discovered… or you can come with me.\" He succeeded; she left the diner with him. This had given her the best possible chance to continue to live and ascend, even as, paradoxically, it put her in constant peril. And now Sonmi had another choice to make, the choice which Mitchell had imagined for her, and General Apis now explained. She could live in flight and concealment, never knowing when the authorities would flush her out of the shadows and eliminate her. They would very likely succeed, sooner rather than later, and once they did, the world would never be aware that a fabricant had ascended to freedom. Or, she could expose herself willingly to the entire world. Union had secretly taken over an abandoned satellite station on a remote island whose inhabitants had fled environmental contamination; with the best efforts of the rebel hackers, Sonmi could appear on the official Unanimic channel, spreading the truth of her ascension by live broadcast to every state in the world and all four off-world colonies, rocking the whole of humanity with its waves. Once she did, Unanimity would descend on her with all its might. Union would provide armed protection at the satellite station, but it would be a suicide mission for all involved. The hackers would not be able to prevent the authorities from tracing the broadcast for long; they themselves would swiftly be traced and killed on the spot. The fighters at the station would be wiped out by the Enforcers shortly after they arrived. Then, Unanimity would capture Sonmi, and destroy her too. Apis did not sugar-coat the truth; he never did. But, as Apis explained, the retaliation of Unanimity itself would only make the waves caused by Sonmi's words, by her very existence, all the more powerful. As long as she did not resist capture, she herself would not be killed on the spot; the stupendously public nature of her defiance would guarantee Unanimity's wish to destroy her in an equally stupendous public fashion. As a former Chief Enforcer, Apis knew well how Mephi and the other Board leaders thought. And he, Mitchell, and Union's other great minds also knew what the Boardmen in their arrogance did not: Sonmi's very execution would seal her in the hearts of all people as a symbol of freedom, courage and defiance, and give the Movement the power to topple Unanimity. This was what Apis and the highest Union leaders believed; Hae-Joo believed it too, wholeheartedly. And he believed, along with them, that Sonmi must speak out, shocking and persuading the masses, or the entire rebellion would soon fail. Yet Hae-Joo differed from his fellow leaders on one point. In the end, it would probably make no difference whatsoever to their goal, yet it held great meaning to him. His heart had sunk in his chest when Sonmi stammered, almost shamefully, that she could not do what Apis asked of her. But he had immediately understood why, and he was not at all surprised. He had seen the confusion and anxiety rising in her as Apis spoke, just as clearly as if he could see into her heart. She had only days ago begun to decide her own destiny, had this very day been saved from xcisement, and had a scant hour ago escaped her oppressors once again after a long, violent, filthy ordeal. And now Apis was asking her to speak out against the same crushing forces that she had just fled... to give up her life in that act. Of course she could not agree now. She was exhausted, terrified, and overwhelmed, and she did not yet know all that they were fighting for. Cruelly, that meant that it was now time for her to know. And as he stood there with Sonmi, his eyes downcast, he realized that, in a bitter stroke of chance, the First Day for fabricants of her Corporation was almost upon them. Hae-Joo had kept the truth behind xultation in the back of his mind since he met Sonmi, knowing she would have to learn it at some point. If he was honest with himself, the sheer beauty of witnessing her ascendance had made him put it off... then, the last stretch of hours had been overwhelmed with her recapture, and rescue, and their survival. And now, here they stood in Union headquarters with her lacking what was perhaps the most crucial piece of information in her entire journey. Showing her a processing ship in person in the flesh had never been a remote part of Hae-Joo's plans, but clearly, the idea had occurred to Apis. It had been evident in the look that Apis gave him what he expected of him now. To see the operations of the Papa Song Corporation's processing ship itself, up close and in person... this would give Sonmi the most brutal picture of the truth possible... yet also the most complete. The idea of showing her such horror made Hae-Joo cringe with loathing... but she deserved to know the entire reality of the rite of xultation and the fate of her kind. It would absolutely shatter her; yet as blissful as her ignorance would seem by comparison, there was no doubt in his mind that Sonmi herself, given the choice, would prefer to know the full truth. Therefore, he must do this. Like Apis, Hae-Joo thought it very likely that this truth would convince her to speak for their cause; it was quite likely the worst atrocity of Unanimity, and definitely the one that would mean the most to her personally. However, if they were wrong... if Sonmi learned the truth and still chose not to help Union, whether from fear, or the simple desire to live out her life as happily as she could, without sacrificing herself for something greater... Hae-Joo knew that General Apis and the rest of his fellow leaders, even Mitchell, would never let the only ascending fabricant in the world say no and go her way. And this was where Hae-Joo differed with Union. He couldn't be sure exactly when he had made the decision. It had probably been set into inexorable motion the moment he had had to let her go, and been faced for the first time with losing her. It had already been final in his heart by the time he embraced her in the prison and swore not to let her go again. Now he knew it consciously: if Sonmi refused Apis, and Hae-Joo was faced with supporting Union or her, his choice was easy. He would get Sonmi away from them. He would flee with her, hide with her, and protect her, until Enforcer or Union agent alike found them. And he would fight as long as he drew breath to prevent anyone from trying to control her ever again. It seemed insane, but he knew he would do it if it came to it. The Movement's central truth was written in his soul: freedom was the right of all, yet was easily undermined, and must be protected from every threat. And Hae-Joo meant to safeguard Sonmi's freedom, so dangerous to her, and so very hard-won, above all else... even if it cost Union everything. He knew he was the only person in the world who would be on her side if she said No ; yet it was her choice to make. She was the person whom he... cared about above all else, and he would support her in everything—even this. He could neither stand against her, nor coerce her; after all they had been through, he could not even begin to tolerate her doing anything that was not by her own decision. His allegiance was to Sonmi, whatever she chose. Yet he doubted it would come to him breaking with the rebellion. He had seen Sonmi's courage already, watched it grow in leaps and bounds as she grew in knowledge. He had gazed into the limitless depths of her eyes, and he knew that in those depths was a profound ability to care, if she only learned what was truly worth caring about. Seeing the true fate of her sisters headed to xultation would cause her unimaginable suffering; but, having seen it, he did not think she would be able to stop herself from speaking out. And when she did, this, too, he had already decided: he would protect her until his end.[Chapter 13] All of his memories and reflections had passed by in an instant. Sonmi moved her face a couple inches closer to his, then stopped. She was asking for him to do now what he had come so close to doing the last time her head on his chest had awoken him, before they were interrupted by the Enforcers. If he was honest with himself, he had yearned for this many, many times since he met her… which had been a very short time ago. But it didn't matter. He had known her far longer, for such a long time, somehow. And he at last understood the look in her eyes after she lifted her head from his chest, then and now. She wanted his touch, with all the curiosity and desire of a free being. And she felt the same inexplicable connection he felt toward her; it had grown in their time together, as they learned and struggled, side by side and apart… yet it had always been there, seemingly before they even laid eyes on each other. He closed the distance between her lips and his. So soft… his hand drifted to the back of her neck, into her hair, pressing her closer; the world consisted entirely of her soft lips, the silky strands between his fingers, her sweet scent as he breathed her in… He pulled slowly away. Was this really happening, or was this another lovely vision? His fingers moved of their own accord, stroking her hair as he gazed at her. She was so beautiful… She blinked, then smiled warmly, shyly… inviting him to kiss her again. He did. She raised herself on her knees, her slender fingers fluttering behind his neck... the ever-present ache rose within him, but now at last he could let himself go, give in to it, and kiss her deeply... his mouth parted hers, tasting her, and her sweetness fed the ache in him, turning it to hunger; his hands ran down her back, found her slim waist, and lifted her into his lap. But as he pressed her to him, she gasped, pulling away slightly. He cupped her cheek, gazing at her; her arms remained around him, but her eyes were wide, and she was trembling. This was all so new to her, and so powerful… and he knew that now more than ever, he must go slowly, be patient with her. But somehow, this did not frustrate him; only filled him with tenderness once more. He had waited for her so long... he could wait a little longer. He could wait for her forever. He began to stroke her silky black hair again, reassuringly; and she closed her eyes, leaning trustingly into his touch. Eventually, her head sank to rest between his neck and shoulder, her body relaxing against his, and he closed his eyes. It was so lovely: the warm weight of her, her hair brushing his neck, the swift beat of her heart against his chest... he could hold her like this through the night, if that was all she wanted. But after a little while, he felt her slender hands begin to move, stroking his arms, tentatively; his breath quickened at the delicate touch. Her fingers drifted softly over the bare skin of his upper arms... upward, along his neck, into his own hair... and he felt her raise her head from his shoulder, her warm breath tickling his ear. Then, she began to kiss his neck, lightly, shyly, and the touch of her lips was so sweet… tantalizing… it made him moan softly. He endured as long as he could, not wanting it ever to end, even as he struggled to keep himself still… Then, he could no longer stop himself, and his hands were cupping her face, his lips seeking hers again; she yielded sweetly, letting his tongue explore her soft mouth as his hands slid down her silky neck, caressed her delicate collarbone, brushed lightly over her breasts… she freed her lips to gasp, but this was a gasp of pleasure, gratifying him. He pressed her to him again, his face against her cheek, and this time, she clung to him tightly... gasped again as his lips drifted down her cheek, along her neck and throat... He took a moment to gaze at the distinctly comet-shaped mark on her neck. Had he never seen it before...? He must have, if unconsciously; it seemed to him both familiar and new. He lightly traced it with his thumb... such pigment or \"birth\" marks were common enough among his kind, but practically nonexistent among hers. Could it be from her collar removal, a slight grazing of her skin by the laser? It would be fitting; release from her collar had marked the beginning of her life as a free being, a symbolic rebirth... or had the mark in truth grown with her in the wombtank, in flagrant defiance of her genoming... a miracle as unique as her soul? Wherever the mark had come from, it was the same: hers, and beautiful. He kissed it softly... let his lips drift to her bare shoulder, breathing her in, tasting her, reveling in the satiny texture of her skin, trembling against his face. His hands found her breasts again, and lingered this time, gently exploring her through the thin silk of her tunic; she shuddered at his attentions, her nipples growing firm beneath the silk, need kindling in her eyes... and he slid his tongue into her sweet mouth again, muffling her gasps as his hands grew more urgent on her. He could feel the warmth between her legs, pressing against his thighs, and was keenly aware of his own arousal, the overwhelming need to have her naked in his arms at last… He paused, gazing at Sonmi's face. She was panting and flushed with desire, as was he... she also looked confused, as if wondering why he'd stopped. He became aware once more of their surroundings, the battered cot in the dilapidated front room of the flat. He had left her the bedroom; it was more comfortable, even charming in a run-down way. It was time to take her there. He gathered her in his arms and stood; her eyes stayed locked on his, open and trusting in her flushed face. She felt very delicate as he carried her to the bedroom, and abruptly, a sense of protectiveness surged in him. But what was there to protect her from now... himself? As he sat on the edge of the low bed, he felt suddenly overcome with hesitation, even as he cradled Sonmi to him. He knew what he wanted, but did she? She was so innocent... had she gleaned enough knowledge from her studies and very limited experience to understand what lay before them? Was she even capable of understanding, given her incredibly short, constrained life thus far? Or was she simply guided by an instinct inherent to all human beings… an instinct that was her natural right, along with all the same feelings and desires that he was capable of having? Yes, she had lived far differently than he had, and a far shorter time, yet she was no child; however Unanimity had created her and attempted to control her, she had the mind and body of a woman. She had surprised him again and again with the quickness of her ability to learn and understand, with the depth of her feelings... Did he even truly understand what lay before them? He had always retained a certain detachment in his past sexual encounters, however pleasant, and felt how true intimacy with his partners eluded him. He knew this could never be so with her... and the thought of it made him feel suddenly shy... shyer than she looked, at the moment. What was he waiting for? There she was in his arms, glowing and breathless with desire; he wanted nothing more than to lay her on the bed and pull off her clothes, freeing her body for him to touch and hold and explore... but would he not then be making the choice for her? Or was she actually choosing for him to make the choice... submitting freely to his desire, finally unleashed? Did she really know what that meant, and was she truly ready? He gazed into those sweet eyes, looking for an answer. And for a moment, she simply gazed back at him, that expression of intent consideration returning to her face. Then, as if in response to his unspoken question, she shifted slightly, gripping his shoulders to raise herself... wrapping her long, limber legs around his lap... and the sensation of her warm arousal directly against his completely overwhelmed him. He moaned and rocked his hips, she gasped and tightened her legs around him, and he felt his thoughts, his fears, his self-control, everything that was not her flee him. There was just Sonmi now, as he buried his lips in her neck, his hands sliding beneath her tunic and over her smooth thighs, her slender back, her flat belly and small, round breasts… she was so warm, soft yet firm to his touch, and she surrendered raptly to his explorations, encouraging him with her sweet gasps… He wanted more, needed more. He slipped her sleeve from her shoulder, his mouth hungrily seeking each new inch of her bare skin, and she closed her eyes, breathing in lovely, soft sighs as his hands slowly eased the clinging fabric lower, his lips close behind them. But before baring her chest completely, some part of him held back, and he raised his head to gaze at her again, needing to be sure. And her eyes opened, and gazed widely back for a moment... then, understanding, she smiled, sweetly and yes, a little nervously, and gave a tiny nod. It seemed right for him to slide off his own shirt first. Breathing quickly, she took in his bare chest, as she had more than a few times before; waited. Then, almost reverently, he slid her tunic down to her waist, baring her lovely breasts at last. She shivered slightly as he gazed at her; gasped as he cupped her breasts tenderly, fingers exploring, playing with her... soon, he brought his mouth to them, tasting, nibbling, and her soft, startled moans were music in his ears. Her hands moved urgently in his hair, and he let his mouth grow bolder on her, and her beautiful moans grew louder, longing… then she was pulling his face to hers again, and they kissed feverishly, her hands fluttering over his chest and abdomen, stroking, searching, making him frantic. He pulled her tightly against him, feeling the sweet, hard buds of her nipples pressing against his chest as his mouth devoured hers, her satiny skin sliding over his, their hips slowly beginning to move together, instinctively… he groaned… and then, suddenly she was freeing herself, standing up and backing away from him. His body silently screamed in protest at being so abruptly deprived of her; but this, too, was her right. She stood a couple meters away, bare to the waist, clinging to the hanging folds of her tunic with lowered eyes; he sat quietly, watching her. He couldn't tell what was going through her mind... maybe she didn't quite know herself. Her eyes flickered back to him. Slowly, she pulled the folds of her tunic down over her hips, let it slide to the floor, and stood there in her underwear; hesitated. Then she took a deep breath, as if summoning her courage, and slipped off her underwear. She took a small step away from her abandoned clothing, and toward him; her hands started to cover herself, but she stopped them, and deliberately brought them to her sides. Her eyes fell to the floor again. He could see the blush in her cheeks. A lump rose in his throat. Her beauty stirred him unimaginably, yet her vulnerability in that moment nearly broke his heart. He moved slowly, for his sake as well as hers; carefully slid off the rest of his own clothes, left them in a pile next to the bed, and stood before her. Her breath caught as she took in his entire body for the first time; her eyes found his again, and in them were longing and timidity together. It was a plea for help... she was asking him to show her the way. This he could do. He held out his hand to her, smiling gently. She stood as she had in front of the lift that first night, wide-eyed and uncertain. But as then, she slowly reached out, put her hand in his, and let him draw her toward him. His arms loosely encircled her, his erection pressing lightly against her belly; she twitched nervously at the touch, but she did not pull away. He let his hands caress her graceful curves, softly, patiently; gradually, he felt her muscles grow supple, surging and undulating beneath his hands as she began to respond to him, sighing. Slowly, her hands began to caress his back, his hips... her touch urged him on, and he kissed her deeply, tightening his arms around her, pressing their bodies together, and she moaned into his mouth, clinging to him. Deftly, he scooped her up, lay her carefully down on the bed, and stretched himself out beside her. Then, gently, he reached between her thighs to cup her soft, slick warmth. She inhaled sharply, her body stiffening, and looked at him with something like shock. He kissed her softly, reassuringly; caressed her, and she trembled and moaned, shock turning to passion as her body arched toward him. He began to explore her, gentle but insistent, urgent to open her to him; his mouth fell again to her nipples as he slipped a finger slowly inside her sweet, tight wetness, and her cries took on a desperate, pleading quality. But before he could do much more, her slender, reaching hands found his hardness; then, instinctively, she began to caress him, as he moaned uncontrollably. And now she was on top of him, parting her legs, pressing her wet warmth against his erection; their mouths entwined again, and he could think of almost nothing but being inside her at last... yet he knew that the first time would probably hurt her. And he wondered if she knew. He sat up, Sonmi astride his lap, and gently freed his mouth; slowly, he raised her hips so that she was kneeling over him... carefully, he held his erection to her slick, warm opening and stroked her with it. She moaned yearningly in response, and he nearly lost control, but held on. He let her feel the pressure, the initial stretch at her opening... then, instinctively, she pushed closer, bringing his head slightly inside her. Somehow, he held himself still as she blinked rapidly, a small mew of pain escaping her. It took all his concentration not to press further inside her, but she would decide when, and if, they continued. He slowly leaned back on his hands, waiting. She hovered above him for a few seconds; then, she drew a deep breath, and began to lower herself, pushing his length into her. His eyes closed… he was entering her… he gave a soft gasp. He was inside her. How good she felt... it was all he could do not to move, but his first thought was of her. Eyes opening, he saw her breasts rise and fall as she breathed hard; she must hurt. But as he raised his eyes to hers, he saw that they were calm... unafraid. Reassured, he gave the lightest of thrusts. She inhaled quickly, but did not wince... again, and her breath remained steady. Was she simply hiding her discomfort, as she'd been forced to do in her former life? No, there were tears in her eyes, showing her pain; but he also saw her trust, and her desire. Consciously or unconsciously, she had understood that this most intimate act would hurt her, and she had wanted it still. Now, more than anything he had ever wanted in his life, he wanted her to feel as much pleasure as he did in this meeting… the most intimate thing he had ever done, because now it was with her. He couldn't hold himself back anymore, and began to thrust in a slow, steady rhythm, still gentle, always watching her… she held onto him, quietly feeling him move in her, gazing at him with beautiful, soft eyes. Time seemed to stand still as he cherished that gaze, his soul bathing in the sweetness of her trust in him… Her hands tightened on him as she drew herself closer, bringing him deeper, and he groaned. Reflexively, he thrust harder, and her breath caught; he was losing control now, but he could feel her responding, starting to move with him. Hs right hand found her thigh, his left hand her hip, pulling her closer; and soon, they were truly moving together, each thrust bringing a soft moan of pleasure from her, and ecstasy surging through him. He pressed her hips firmly to him, thrust harder still; she gasped, her fingers digging into his shoulders, and he glimpsed her gorgeous, astonished face. She gripped at his neck and hair, his back, and he shifted one arm behind him for support as he thrust strongly, again and again… now her face was before his, and he saw her bewildered rapture, the pleasure so deep and overwhelming it almost frightened her. \" Yes ,\" he breathed to her. She trusted him; she would go with him. His arms encircled her, fingers folding behind her neck as he held her tightly to him, thrusting deeply, on and on… She exhaled in shocked bliss, and his hand slid down her back as her body tightened around him, bringing him to the peak… then, she arched her back, and he let her go even as he held her close, thrusting deep within her... and then she surged above him, crying out, throwing her head back as her eyes fluttered closed. And for a single, timeless instant, he just gazed up at her in the beauty of her release. Then, as if her flight had been a signal that the barriers within him could burst at last, he bowed his head and buried his face in her chest, crying out as he came with the greatest intensity he had ever known. He finally sank back on the bed, drawing her with him. They lay together, spent, ever joined… both physically and with the unseen, unbreakable bond that reached beyond this life. As Hae-Joo drifted off to sleep, he saw a beautiful red sunset over the ocean. He was lying on the deck of the sailing ship, wrapped in a blanket; his dark friend sat nearby, making sure he didn't miss a second of the splendor even in his illness. How he wished that his beloved wife could see this, too... now that his wedding ring had been cut off to save his swollen hand, he no longer had even that small, precious part of her. And yet he felt, somehow, that she was with him even now. He saw Robert Frobisher smoking atop a large monument, gazing at an equally beautiful golden sunrise. His eyes were shining with joy and clarity, in spite of his poverty and scandalous, fugitive status, in spite of the certainty that the masterpiece he toiled at was doomed to be suppressed... that he would be considered mad for what he had done, and what he was yet to do. He heard Frobisher's voice, speaking words from a letter to his beloved Sixsmith: All is so perfectly, damnably well. He saw his tattooed brother-in-law on a mountain, gazing at the sleeping brown woman. He thought her mad indeed, dragging him up here so she could send a prayer from the temple strewn with skeletons. She had told him that Sonmi had spoken her revelation there; that she'd once been a woman herself, who'd lived, suffered, and died before she became a goddess. She had proven the truth by showing him an image of Sonmi herself, speaking the words he knew so well... her face had been deeply sad, an odd light flickering on her face, as if from distant flames... and the brother had begun to accept this new truth, even as he continued to believe in Sonmi's power. But now, the brown woman expected him to believe something even stranger than a human being becoming a god: she hoped that people living in the stars would hear the prayer she'd sent, fly down and take her and her kin away from this dying world that was poisoning them, off to a new home. It sounded mad... but she'd proven him wrong before. He liked talking to her, even if much of what she said sounded crazy; he even thought she was beautiful. She had only a fancy but thin-looking blanket, so he took off his own cloak and tucked it carefully around her as she slept. He didn't want her to get cold. Then, Sixsmith found his lover Frobisher at last, in a shop full of antique china. He seemed perplexed as he entered; Frobisher, turning and noticing him, looked inexplicably formal, a white porcelain statue of a mounted warrior slaying a dragon in his hands. Suddenly, he raised his hands and let go. The statue fall to the floor, shattering into a thousand pieces; and in the shattering was beautiful music. Frobisher grinned knowingly, and Sixsmith smiled back, understanding. The two began to throw plates, overturn shelves, and outright smash every piece of china they could, with gorgeous music accompanying each burst of shards. Somehow the glorious, musical shattering mingled with Sonmi's ecstatic release... and Robert Frobisher spoke again: My life extends far beyond the limitations of me . Then, with a maestro's grand flourish from Frobisher and a joyous jolt of Sixsmith's arms, the music swelled, as dozens of pieces of china rained down from the ceiling… and Sixsmith jerked awake. The quiet young man had dreamed it all, having fallen asleep on the train on his way to look for Frobisher. But Hae-Joo had seen the same things... true visions of intertwined souls, of past and future lives, dreaming and influencing one another. He knew that Sixsmith had witnessed him and Sonmi, come together at last; and in his current state of consciousness, he found this to be perfectly appropriate. He also knew that the quiet Sixsmith would bear witness to their love again, in the future. And the last thing he saw before he slid into sleep too deep for dreams was Sixsmith's surprised, wondering smile. The next day Hae-Joo and Sonmi did little more than sleep, eat and make love. Sonmi's body was engineered to need less rest than Hae-Joo's did, and he had burned all his reserves recently, so he never got to see her sleep again. But he did notice that she seemed comfortable enough with a blanket when she slept with him. That first night, he slept for ten hours straight, all the efforts, strain and passion of the past hours and days finally catching up with him. When he woke, she was resting her head on his chest again, her eyes gazing at him in the grey light. He didn't say a word. His first thought was the realization that making love to her had not been a dream; he let it spread over him like a warm glow. It had truly happened, and he was awake now; they were still naked, and this was real. Then it was as if they were starving, frantic to join again. No more uncertainty, no more hesitation… just deep, pure, passionate union. The intensity of her desire astonished him, and the sensations of her warm, silky flesh moving over him, her soft mouth fervent on his lips, neck, and chest, aroused him insanely... soon, she was guiding him into her, and he groaned as she began to thrust against him rhythmically, her face upturned in passion. He took hold of her hips, helping her move, and he felt as if his brain were going to explode. Had they really only last night become lovers? It didn't seem possible. But then, she had always been like this, his red-haired love, incredibly sensual for all her seeming delicacy... and she learned with such swiftness, whatever she did... one need only consider the incredible amount of information she absorbed during her hours with the digis. She was moving fluidly over him, moaning, her climax already close... he held back, his hands light on her hips and breasts, letting her move freely, and it was torment, sweet, glorious torment... yet she had taught him such patience before. Yes, it had always been as if she were the one teaching him, from the very first time she gave herself to him, long ago... even from the moment he first met her... She cried out as orgasm took her, beautiful spasms of release flickering across her face, throbbing in her core that held him... he waited, long, long moments, until she slumped forward, still trembling, her breasts brushing his chest. Then, at last, he rolled her over, pushed her long legs back, and thrust to his pleasure, hard and deep, over and over, as she gasped, and rough grunts burst from his depths… swept in an overpowering wave that grew ever stronger, he moved, taking her with him, to worship, to madness he never wanted to end, punctuated by his groans, her ecstatic cries as together, they burst beyond the world… As they lay exhausted once more, he caressed her cheek, thinking that life could not be any more perfect. But then his stomach suddenly reminded him that it was empty. It occurred to him that for him and her both, their last real meal had been… too long ago. He had found nothing but tea in the cupboards after they got in the night before. He had longed to comfort Sonmi, silent and forlorn since they left Union headquarters, but he had been too exhausted to do more than brew them a pot, and take one drink. Then, fatigue had brought him crashing down on the cot. He dimly recalled seeing Sonmi walk toward the window before he fell asleep… little had he known that she would soon come to him, and that she would be in his arms now… A growl from his stomach pulled him from his reverie back to the matter at hand. The flat really ought to be stocked with food somewhere—at least some protein packs, the usual stand-by. But if necessary, he could run to the one of the shops just downstairs. He gave her cheek a last caress; got up, and found his pants for a start. As he entered the front room, he spotted a bundle by the door. He opened it to reveal a primitive sight: stone pots of dolsot-bap, kimchi, and herring. Naturally colored, with no special presentation, lacking any synthetic flavors whatsoever, from the smell... still warm. Welcome to Old Seoul, he thought, delighted. This had to be from the elderly, female rebel sympathizer who owned the flat. When Hae-Joo met her a couple years ago, he had wondered why on earth a wrinkled but comfortable-looking old woman would risk her life to aid Union. She didn't have the bony, weary look of the elderly subs who'd been allowed to live out their difficult years in the slums; she seemed in very good health, even past the age when medical problems got a lot of older Consumers euthanized. He was so curious that he finally outright asked her how she had come to the old city, and the cause. As she explained to him, she had lived for most of her life as a Consumer, and happily enough; but she could no longer in good conscience call herself one. Her husband had been sent off to euthanasia a decade ago, and apparently, their model Consumer son had grown tired of waiting for his other parent to meet her end. First, he had tried to bribe her doctor. But this doctor had a rare humanity about him, for an agent of Unanimity; he had cited her excellent health and refused, even warned her about her son. Yet she had felt helpless, and unable to quite believe that her own son could be that impatient for her to die... until her son reported her, her gentleman friend, and their dear acquaintance to the Enforcers. Their sole offense was a habit of bringing up Boardman Mephi's \"stupid face,\" as they liked to call it, while they chuckled over their tea. It had been a joke among them for years, and none of them really knew how it had begun... but it sufficed to get them all shut away in the Neo Seoul prison. She'd been released from solitary confinement, soul-scarred but otherwise fortunate, after two months. Her acquaintance had been chosen for experiments, and was released several months later. He was never the same afterward, and tended to repeat himself a lot now. Her gentleman friend was never released; she could only conclude that he died, naturally or by euthanasia. With misty eyes, she admitted to Hae-Joo that he had been in more frail condition than her; however, she liked to believe that while in prison, he might have shown the authorities a bit of the defiant streak that she had known and loved. Thoughts of him had kept her alive during her long, horrible days in the cell, locked away from the world, stripped of every dignity... she had always felt as if she had known him far longer than a handful of years, and he'd brought her such happiness, so late in life. After a quiet moment, she wiped her eyes, and continued her story. When she returned to her flat, she was unsurprised to discover that her son and his wife had taken it over and disposed of everything she had owned. Her son, after getting over the shock of seeing her in the land of the living, did not show even a scrap of shame over what he had done. It was his flat now, and he freely admitted that he had also cleaned out all her credit accounts... save one, the largest, which was locked to all but her until her death. Perhaps, if she transferred that account to him, he might let her back into what had been her own home. Only with control over that account he justify the expense of housing and feeding her; really, he thought Unanimity was mistaken to allow her to live, at her age. She was old, but she still had her wits about it, and her time in prison had made her braver than before. She simply walked away... out of the building, into the street... and kept going. She had had no conscious destination, simply away ... yet she was unsurprised to find herself at the Old Seoul damway, hours later. No one bothered her on her way; as she put it, she was just a little old thing with nothing left to lose, and neither Enforcer nor criminal thought her worth the trouble. She had not a single hand credit on her, but somehow, she talked an oily hotel manager into giving her a room for the night, promising to pay him the price of several rooms the next day. In the morning, through some careful, diligent asking around, she managed to locate some rebel sympathizers… something, Hae-Joo thought wryly, that had taken him and Jae about a year to do. She said she needed them to help her access her credit account; once she did, she intended to work against Consumer culture, and help Union. Since then, she had adopted the old-fashioned, modest way of life of those subs in the old city who had a few credits between themselves and the gutter. She bought a number of relatively intact properties in Old Seoul, taking a tiny flat for her home while renting several others out for income. She also maintained a few as Union safe houses; Hae-Joo and Sonmi were in one now. Through the rebel network, she had searched tirelessly for her love and their dear acquaintance; though she had to let go of her sweetheart, she was eventually able to locate their grizzled friend and have him brought to her home in the old city, where she cared for him now. Other than the minimal amount they needed to live, she gave all her income to the rebels; all her properties would pass to them upon her death. But Hae-Joo hoped the remarkable old lady would live a good many years yet. She'd even made and brought over breakfast… or a late lunch... whatever time it was. It looked like enough to do for both, and dinner besides. He would have liked to see the old lady again and thank her. But out of stealth or consideration, she had managed to slip in and out undetected, which was rather disconcerting to him. Yet he'd been more exhausted the previous night than he had been in a long time; perhaps, unconsciously, he had sensed a friend rather than an intruder, and therefore slept on. Anyway, he hoped their paths would cross again. Hae-Joo heard Sonmi's bare feet behind him and turned to see her wearing her black cloak for a robe and nothing else, staring curiously at the alien substances. They bore almost no resemblance to any of the Consumer-beloved preparations she had served at the diner; in fact, many a self-respecting Consumer would throw this stuff away as soon as touch it. But Hae-Joo enjoyed it very much, and felt in the mood for some strong-tasting food, for change. \"Come,\" he said, feeling eager as a boy. He found a mat in the corner and spread it on the floor. \"Are you hungry?\" She looked at him blankly. Then she put a hand on her abdomen. \"Is that this feeling—like roaring in my stomach? Almost painful?\" And he realized this was yet another new sensation for her. Her soap feedings had been so precisely formulated and scheduled that she would never have felt hungry as a fabricant, and in her first days of freedom, she had drunk cartons of liquid protein on more or less the same schedule. Now, she hadn't eaten since before she was captured; she must be starving just as he was. Yet she didn't even know the pleasure of real food; surely he had neglected his duty to expose her to this part of life. He himself had gotten too used to treating food as mere fuel lately, and gone for the easiest solution for them both in the Neo Seoul flat: protein packs for him and, to help her adapt, the closest substitute for what she was used to… just without the added sedatives… and derived from—different—sources. He pushed that subject out of his mind, knowing it would face them soon enough. Now, however, she could try food that had been common in this part of the world many centuries before fabricants were genomed, before the tides had covered the old city, before even the first skyscraper stood; ancient food in traditional fashion. He explained this to her while he set out the old bowls and chopsticks that had come in the bundle. As he served her generous portions, he described each dish, and noticed fondly that her face held the same transfixed wonder as when they had ridden the elevator up out of the diner together, and when she had seen her new clothes, and the Tim Cavendish vidi. This was something strange, and new, and beautiful. She had never used chopsticks, though she had seen them often enough at the diner. He helped her with the first few bites, and she picked it up quickly. As famished as he was, the sight of her slowly putting food in her mouth, chewing, and swallowing fascinated him. She ate with uncanny concentration, just as she studied; he could hardly take his eyes off her. When he asked if she liked the food, she stopped and stared at him with such solemnity that he quickly offered to find her some liquid protein. But she shook her head; still, it took her a long time to answer. \"I don't know the right words. It is… good… so very good. Almost as good as you inside me.\" It was his turn to stop eating and stare. But then, what would it be like for him to feel intense hunger and satisfy himself with real, decent food for the very first time? The wonders of the world, as seen through her eyes, would never end. Their friend had given them big, full containers. Still they ate, and ate, and ate, filling their stomachs, until nothing was left. Hae-Joo had to laugh at the profound satisfaction on Sonmi's face, indeed akin to post-orgasmic bliss, as she finally set down her chopsticks and bowl with a sigh. She looked startled, and he realized she had never heard him laugh out loud before. She would have been accustomed to all kinds of laughter at Papa Song's, but never any that she could enjoy. \"I laughed because I'm happy you liked it so much,\" he whispered in her ear, and kissed her cheek. She still seemed a little confused; but she smiled at him, that sweet, darling little smile that made his heart sing, and he pulled her close. Yet, even as her body relaxed deliciously against his, he felt a pang. Would he ever hear her laugh? Unlikely, in harsh reality. Somehow, he couldn't even imagine the sound; perhaps fabricants lacked the reflex. But surely if she could cry, she could laugh. She probably just needed more time to learn… time they didn't have. They had experienced so much that was lovely and new, but there were so many other things they would never know together… Don't think about it . Not yet. Not right now. He leaned back against the wall, holding Sonmi and the beauty of that moment to him, forgetting everything else. The flat had neither all-cleaner nor shower, nor a drier of any sort; just a tub and a single, worn towel. The tub was old and battered, but it appeared that their unseen hostess had scrubbed it recently, and the towel looked clean enough. And so Hae-Joo introduced Sonmi to something else pleasingly unfamiliar. To their good fortune the ancient tap, after a couple minutes of cold, brownish spluttering, delivered forth clear, hot water. Accustomed to a world of instant Consumer gratification and precise efficiency, Sonmi seemed mesmerized by the slow progress of the tub filling. Hae-Joo couldn't remember the last time he had soaked in a bath, but he had at least had the experience at some point, unlike her. She watched intently as he turned off the tap, pulled off his pants and climbed in. He arranged himself at one end of the tub and held out his hand. \"In you come.\" She let her cloak fall and approached. Taking his hand, she cautiously stepped over the edge into the hot water; wobbled, startled at the sensation. He helped her turn and lower herself into a comfortable position against him. Then, he leaned back, relaxed every muscle in his body, and savored the quick trip to heaven this resembled. After only a minute she asked, \"So… we just stay here like this?\" He stifled another laugh. \"Well, you can wash up, like in a shower. But you can also just lie in a bath to enjoy it.\" He felt her considering this. Fabricants were never allowed to relax and simply enjoy things for the sake of enjoying them. But she had begun to… vidis, books, music… food… sex. She was learning. She rested quietly against him for another minute or two, but he could tell she wasn't quite relaxed. Suddenly she turned to him again, an eager look in her eyes. \"I would enjoy washing you.\" He felt such tenderness for her then, he could hardly stand it. But he managed to smile around the lump in his throat. \"All right.\" She only had the little bit of cleanser he had found and her hands to work with, yet it felt like she was massaging the very darkness from his soul. Where on earth had she learned this? He gazed at her, blissful and surprised… for an instant she had long, damp red curls instead of chin-length black tresses, and her sweet brown eyes were pale green… she gazed back at him warmly, and in her very sweetness was a deep strength. She'd always had this inside her, but she was finally able to express it, here and now... he basked in pleasure as her slender hands moved over him, gentle and strong. Eventually, it was his turn to wash her. He'd never done this for anyone before, yet with her, it felt both lovely and familiar. He was tender and thorough, and she reveled in his attentions; afterward, she lay against him in contented silence for a long time. As the water cooled, it was time for them to reluctantly emerge. He helped her out, carefully dried her with the towel, then wrapped her in her black robe-cloak. But she caught his hands, sliding them with a soft smile between the folds of the robe, onto her breasts; shrugged the robe from her shoulders so that it fell to the floor again. And her wondrous hands began to move again on his dripping, shivering body, their purpose clearly other than to relax him now… He grasped helplessly for the towel, trying to dry himself quickly, but in no time, it fell to the floor next to her robe as he abandoned the attempt, passion rising hot within him, her hands and mouth exploring him... for a while, he felt as if he might willingly stand in that bathroom for the rest of his life... But after a time, when he was nearly dry, he managed to steer her to the bedroom. There, he gently but firmly removed her hands, pressed her back on the bed, and began to kiss her, beginning with her mouth, making his way slowly downward... despite, or perhaps because of how much she had aroused him, he wanted to prolong this, to take her on a long, meandering journey, and that meant it was his turn to play with her now. He went as slowly as he could, teasing her mercilessly with fingers, lips, and tongue… sweetly tormenting her, and bringing a whole new kind of blissful, incredulous gasp out of her... She was so responsive, so intoxicating to touch and taste, that he never wanted to stop such sweet play, nor the gorgeous song of her breathless, nearly piteous cries; but eventually, he had to show her mercy. And so, he increased his intensity, tenderly and ruthlessly urging her to the completion her body craved... When she had given one last, sweet cry, and collapsed limply on her side, he folded himself around her, and let her rest a bit. But after some minutes, he let his hands move on her again; caressing her hips, pressing her against his own, still aroused body behind her. She was tired still, but she stirred sensuously against him with a sigh... and he kept her facing away from him, playing with her breasts, nipping at her neck and ears, letting her feel him behind her, around her, enfolding her... and soon she was shuddering, her breaths coming quick and ragged. Then, one hand still at her breasts, he slipped the other between her thighs, and she cried out weakly as he ruthlessly explored her sweet wetness all over again, their desire ever reborn, ever the same... and finally, when he could no longer take it, and she was beyond ready for him again, he slid inside her once more. Her moans were beautiful to hear... he gazed down at her, utterly open to him, overcome with the pleasure he was giving her; he thrust slowly, deliberately, trying to hold back his own groans... for he longed to make love to her for eternity. But slowly, inevitably, passion began to overwhelm him, despite his efforts... he clasped her tightly to him, the pace of his thrusts quickening; the groans began to escape him, and her moans again became exquisite cries. His fingers found her slick, delicate bud once more, just above where their bodies joined, bringing her cries to a crescendo… and then, he could no longer hold back at all, and he thrust swiftly, deeply, his own cries joining Sonmi's, until they came together. At last, he reached down to draw the blanket over them both where they lay. Every muscle in her body had relaxed, as had his; yet while her eyes had closed in sublime gratification, his were still open, gazing at her, wanting to keep this vision of her in his eyes forever. But eventually, he fell asleep to the easy rhythm of her quick, peaceful breaths. He dreamed no dreams.[Chapter 14] The next day was First Day for fabricants of the Papa Song Corporation. Sonmi seemed to sense that something was different, even as Hae-Joo took her in his arms soon after dawn. He held her close, but he knew their beautiful respite was over; he could not forget it, and she felt it through him. They didn't make love. After a few moments, he kissed her softly, then got up and began to dress. She quietly followed. He knew that all the fabricants in all the diners and venues of the Papa Song chain throughout Neo Seoul had already risen and prepared for the day's work according to usual routine... but today, they had begun a little earlier than usual, in order to accommodate a special ritual. Today, every member of the sisterhood had had her collar stamped with a star by the Seer, representing the last year's service. Then, one smiling fabricant with no stars yet on her collar had been led into the diner by special attendants and welcomed by her sisters... and one smiling fabricant with the same face, who had just received her twelfth star, had been dressed in a long, papery white robe and led away by those same red-garbed attendants. Away to what fabricants knew only as xultation, and believed to be freedom; doubtless, the remaining sisters had looked on proudly and enviously at the departing one as they sang their sacred hymn. Sonmi would have eagerly anticipated this ritual throughout the year; however, outside the blueprint of her Papa Song life, she seemed to have lost track of the date. There was no other way for her to know, for it wasn't a day of any significance in the pure-blood world outside of the genomics industry. Hae-Joo was glad for this small mercy. She would know soon enough. Today there was a new, reddish bundle by the door, next to some protein packs… presents from Apis. Hae-Joo knew what the bundle was without looking: red Papa Song coveralls to help them sneak onto the processing ship. It would not be difficult; such ships were far from secret, and all pure-bloods knew of their existence and purpose. The overwhelming majority simply did not care. He made some tea, and they shared it and a protein pack in silence. It was a cheap, palatable meal in a small package, assembled for optimal nutrition… not unlike soap. Each bite, undeniably bland after the strong, traditional flavors of their previous meal, seemed to stick in Hae-Joo's throat. He could hardly meet Sonmi's eyes. They had grown wide with concern, but she was clearly afraid to ask what was weighing on him so heavily. When they had finished, he cupped her cheek, gazing one more time into her sweetness… that eternal innocence. He saw her tiny smile trying to return, and had to look away. He got up, took her hand and led her to the door. \"Come. There is something I must show you.\" He guided her though the old city toward the docks, keeping her close to him, as always; but he could feel the gulf between them widening as their destination approached. As they drew nearer to the ship he knew, though she did not, that she was moving farther and farther away from him, toward a place of agony and betrayal where he would not be able to follow. No one but another ascending fabricant could fully understand how she would feel; for now, she was the only one of her kind. He could but witness her journey. The smog hung at heavy thickness that morning, making the day almost as dark as night. It was only fitting, as a beam of sunlight would have been wrong to fall on what now lay before them: the Papa Song processing ship, and the long stream of white-clad fabricants proceeding inside its hulking, smoking, gigantic black mass. He could tell Sonmi did not quite know what she was seeing, even in this early stage. She could not have been aware of the huge number of venues the Papa Song chain had in the megapolis of Neo Seoul; that thousands of fabricants went through the xultation ritual on Papa Song's First Day every year. She had known only her own diner, and her immediate sisters. She had never seen the blissful fabricants' long, slow procession through the city's utility tunnels, led by their red-robed escorts—themselves fabricants, a stocky male security model commonly outsourced by processing ships—joined by more and more joyous, white-robed sisters, all singing the xultation hymn as they made their way to the ocksd. She was still too far away to hear the angelic voices, the lovely musical theme. The scale of the event required many of the larger Corporations to have their own First Day, for their fabricants alone. A majority of the Corporations leased the same dozen or so ships, which staggered their schedules, as their work for each establishment took several days beyond the First Day itself to complete. But the Papa Song franchise, being one of the biggest Corporations of all, fully owned the enormous ship in which its venues' fabricants were processed, and leased it out to other establishments. It was massive even by processing ship standards, a marvel of the Corporate genomics industry. \"This is what the General wished me to see?\" Sonmi asked him. Hae-Joo stood next to her, holding the red coveralls, and saw the barest beginning of comprehension in her face. The subconscious always grasped the truth first… but her conscious mind had a long, cruel way to go. He nodded at her, unable to speak, and handed her a set of coveralls. He put the other one on over his clothes, and she followed his example. They slowly and silently made their way down to the fabricants' entrance tunnel; entered through the maintenance doorway, and climbed the stairs to the viewing platform. They were still high above the fabricants, but Sonmi could now clearly recognize it all: the beautiful hymn, the hooded white First Day dresses, the Papa Song logos, and the red-robed attendants lining the tunnel. She gazed out on the sea of her sisters' faces as they processed below, faces she doubtless knew very well. Many of them had identical features to hers, yet to Hae-Joo, she differed from them in countless ways, from the concrete to the inexplicable. Right now, all her sisters' faces were uplifted in reverent joy, while Sonmi's wore a puzzled expression. \"They believe they are going to xultation. But they are not… are they?\" It was less a question than a statement, and her voice already held a hint of dread. Hae-Joo said nothing; there was nothing he could say. They could barely see the doorways at the end of the vast tunnel, twenty across, covered with logo-emblazoned plastic curtains. Each doorway was flanked by two attendants in red, who removed the fabricants' white hoods and held open the curtains for them to enter, one at a time. As each blissful fabricant crossed the threshold, a green light next to each doorway turned red; and about a minute later, the light turned green again, and the next fabricant was ushered in, beaming in rapturous anticipation. The pattern constantly repeated as the mass of singing fabricants made their way, slowly but inexorably, through the curtains. There was no way for Hae-Joo and Sonmi to see what happened in the minute after the fabricants disappeared... but they could view what happened next. He led her along the maintenance shaft to the viewing area; stepped aside and held open another set of plastic curtains with a fat, cheery face and the words \"Papa Song\" in red script, to let her go first. He steeled himself for what awaited, aware that as nightmarish as it would be to him, even knowing what to expect, for Sonmi it would be incomprehensibly, indescribably, and infinitely worse. He heard her gasp, and glimpsed her stricken face as he followed her into the viewing area. Then he, too, was confronted by the horror before them: hundreds upon hundreds of female human bodies, hanging by their feet from hooks, being moved efficiently through various stages of dismemberment and dissolution, accompanied by the hum and hiss of industrial blades, blowtorches, and heavy machinery at work… the bubble and stench of human flesh, blood, and fat. He spoke in a low voice, stating the facts of what they saw. \"The genomics industry demands a huge quantity of biomatter for womb tanks, but more importantly, to sustain the engineered labor force. Recycled fabricants are a cheap source of protein.\" \"Soap,\" Sonmi whispered, trembling, tears spilling from her eyes. \"They feed us… to ourselves.\" The full truth had come to her. She turned and staggered back through the doorway, and he followed her, catching her as she stumbled. Immediately, something shifted in him. She had seen what she had to see; now, he would get her out of this loathsome place as quickly as possible. He gripped her around her upper arms and led her swiftly beside him toward the exit. She walked stiffly, hunched over, as if uncertain how her legs functioned. Emotionally, she seemed to have gone numb; he must exploit this as long as he could. He moved her rapidly back along the entry tunnel, where hundreds of fabricants were still streaming in, singing. Sonmi whimpered as she heard the hymn, its beauty now folded into the nightmare, her numbness beginning to crack… she stumbled, and nearly fell again, but Hae-Joo kept her upright and moving. Then she was trying frantically to turn around, to run toward her sisters disappearing through the curtains. He knew what she wanted to do, and he couldn't let her. \"No, Sonmi!\" he spoke vehemently in her ear, holding her tightly. She fought him with surprising strength, her eyes wilder than he'd ever seen them. \" No. They won't believe you—think how you used to be. And they won't be allowed to leave this place, even if they do. We can't help them here—you'll only get caught, and end up just like them.\" She stopped struggling as his words sank in, and her eyes seemed to empty, to die. He rushed her onward. He could still feel her trying helplessly to turn around in his arms, but he kept her from looking back again. They were out… making their way back to the first overlook… they were there. The singing was finally out of earshot, and he let her rest for a moment, still holding her. She looked down at their red, logoed coveralls as if seeing them for the first time. With a burst of strength, she broke away from him. She didn't run, but grasped frantically at the coveralls, pulling, ripping them from her body, kicking them away. Then, she finally collapsed in convulsive, anguished sobs... wailing, choking, barely able to breathe... He hurriedly discarded his own coveralls before kneeling at her side. His heart was shattered as he crushed her to him; feeling her violent spasms, her moans into his chest, her tears soaking his jacket... the depths of her devastation. And for a moment, he wished desperately that he could undo it all. Yet he could not. She had seen… and she had had to see. This, the blackest and most horrifying truth she could learn, was no less essential a part of her journey toward free will than all the beauty and wonder she had known. But to see the pain it caused her, pain he was utterly helpless to stop or soothe, hurt him more than he could ever have imagined… once again, he wished that he could shed tears. Just an hour ago they had come here side by side; now she was far away from him, in the place he couldn't reach. He couldn't protect her from it, only protect her as she made her way through it. That meant he had to be strong for her now, and get her back to the flat safely. It was dangerous to huddle here any longer. With great gentleness, he spoke in her ear. \"Sonmi, we have to stand up now. I'm right here; I'll help you.\" He lifted her with him as he stood, leaning her into him, holding her shoulders so she wouldn't crumple. He could feel her trying to support herself, even as she shuddered with sobs… with one arm firmly under hers, he maneuvered her to his side, and she managed to stand with his help, though she still wept uncontrollably. His heart broke all over again. \"Good. Now we'll walk, one step at a time.\" He carefully drew the hood of her cloak around her head, shielding her somewhat. She was weeping so hard she was unable to see where she was or where she put her feet, but he wouldn't let her fall. Surely even in her deepest agony, she knew that, and trusted him to lead her. She did. And so he conveyed his broken, beloved Sonmi safely through the old city, back to the flat where they had so recently known joy. She was weeping quietly by the time they were inside again, weak and white from grief. He poured her some of the cooled tea from breakfast, pressed her hands around the cup, and brought it to her mouth; felt a miniscule bit of relief when she took a long drink. Then he lay her down on the bed, and as she curled up into herself, he folded his body around her. No words he could speak would help her, or himself. He just lay with her, listening to her cry, stroking her arm; occasionally, he pressed his face gently to the back of her neck, letting her feel that he was there. Slowly, he entered a near-meditative state; his eyes closed, and his entire awareness focused on her, quietly trembling and weeping next to him. Time passed. Then, she spoke. \"That ship…\" she whispered. He raised his head a little, eyes still closed… knowing what was coming. \"That ship… must be destroyed.\" His hand tightened on her arm, his head nodding almost imperceptibly. \"Yes,\" he breathed, the faith he had always had in her in his depths rising to the surface, vindicated… while something else, something sweet and fragile and that he'd never really had, began to crumble. \"The systems that built them must be torn down,\" she continued quietly. \"Yes.\" Triumph warred with sudden, bitter grief. He had worked for this, wanted this… for her, for himself, for the cause. It was not only right, but inevitable. How, then, could it hurt so much? \"No matter if we're born in a tank or a womb, we are all pure-blood.\" Her voice shook as in one tremulous whisper, she redefined the term that he realized even he had sometimes used in his mind to separate them from each other. \"Yes.\" He had her arm in an iron grip. Why, he wasn't sure… to urge her to continue… to express agreement? To beg her to stop? But none of these would make any difference. This was happening now, no matter what he did. \"We must all fight and, if necessary, die to teach people the truth.\" He couldn't respond anymore. She had ascended. She would speak for Union. They would both die soon—he defending her when she spoke, she by public execution when the forces of Unanimity captured her anyway. The sweet, wondering fabricant that he had cared for was gone forever, as was the dream that he'd never admitted to having—that they might, somehow, be happy together. He felt her turn toward him, and opened his eyes. He hardly recognized her face... aged years in a day, gripped by brutal, unavoidable necessity borne of terrible pain… empty of hope. But as he looked at her longer, he could still see his Sonmi, her eyes infinitely deep and known to him even now. She had simply become who she was meant to be… who she had to be, in this life. She was waiting for him to reply. And he realized that even in the fullness of free will, she needed, or at least wanted, his reassurance; that she loved him, and always would. \"This is what we have been waiting for,\" he whispered, his eyes burning with tears of grief, and pride, and love for her. He remembered holding her desperately close, his chest shuddering violently; then harsh, almost animal noises began to escape him, tortured sounds that he realized were sobs, for tears were pouring down his cheeks. He recalled her lips on his face, her arms grasping him back fiercely… the quick, reassuring beat of her heart against his breast. But at some point, a mysterious exhaustion overcame him, making his body limp, his vision blurry, his eyelids intolerably heavy. He tried to resist it, forcing his eyes open. Despite all that had happened, he should not feel this tired... he saw Sonmi sitting upright, her hand resting on his chest, her face far away, as if lost in meditation... then, his eyelids lowered again. When they opened once more, he was alone on the bed, and it was evening. Had he fallen asleep, or passed out? He felt terribly cold and weak, almost feverish; his brow was clammy, and his entire head ached. As he rubbed his eyes, he sensed that something precious was missing: his ring. Panic filled him. What had become of it? He never took his ring off; it made him feel that his beloved was close to him, no matter how far away she truly was. Then he remembered the doctor, smiling as he severed the golden band, prying it off to save his grotesquely swollen hand... he remembered his agonizing pains, his long-departed strength, the utter hopelessness of his illness, in spite of the doctor's potions... or was it because of them? His thoughts had long been muddled, on that and other matters. Either way, it was too late for him... surely, he would die within the day… Yet his hand appeared normal when he looked at it, if lacking a ring. Gradually, his confused mind sorted itself and recalled him to the present. But anxiety continued to flutter in him as he looked around for Sonmi. Could she have…? No, she never would, and any intruder would have awoken him. He went quickly to the front room, and there she was, still wearing her black cloak, seated on the floor near the window. She was gazing out at the crowded street, like she had been before… was it really just two nights ago? It seemed both an impossibly short time, and an eternity. She turned and looked up at him; she appeared pale and drained, much as he felt... yet remarkably calm. He sat down beside her, and his eyes fell on a large covered pot next to her. Another meal that their hostess had managed to slip in, unnoticed. He really seemed to be losing his skills. There were two sets of bowls, spoons, and chopsticks nearby, and one set had been used; Sonmi must have eaten some already. It was a wonder she was able to eat at all after what she had been through today, and what looked to have been savory, reddish stew at that. He was sure he didn't feel up to it, yet found himself uncovering the pot anyway. And as a whiff of warm, fragrant kimchi jjigae hit his nostrils, his mouth began to water, and a sharp gnawing commenced in his stomach. He looked questioningly at Sonmi. She nodded, and he almost smiled at their apparent ability to communicate without words... almost, for he still felt feeble, achy, and just plain lousy. But he served them both, took the other set of utensils, and began to eat; and gradually, the spicy, flavorful stew brought warmth and strength back to his insides. The kimchi had plainly been old and sour, perfect for jjigae, and he couldn't help enjoying it. Sonmi, too, ate well. And Hae-Joo wished again that he could thank their elderly friend for her help. Sonmi finished first, while he served himself a bit more. She sat in silence, aimlessly watching the goings-on outside. But as he ate his last spoonful, he noticed her attention focus on something. He followed her gaze and saw a humble erhu player setting up his stool in the middle of the street. His clothes were ragged, his skin marked with sores; heavy spectacles were over his obviously poor eyes, and he moved with great difficulty. He appeared to be one of the more wretched of the old city's subs. Yet once he had seated himself, and brought his erhu into position, a change came over him. He played his instrument with the devoted dignity of a priest, and the longing, melancholy strains floated sweetly over the bustle and noise of the streets, carrying Hae-Joo away from the present... to the unchanging, to infinite possibility, and the eternal beyond… and suddenly, he realized he was hearing the Cloud Atlas theme. He turned to Sonmi in astonishment. She was already gazing at him, unsurprised; her eyes seemed to penetrate his soul. \"He has been here before… he plays it over and over again. It is as if he is searching for the music, always finding it, only to lose it again.\" A bit of the familiar softness came back into her face. \"I was listening to him two nights ago, before I came to you. It sounded so sweet to me then. I thought of how you and I had sat together for hours, listening to all of that wonderful music. I had such… beautiful… feelings in my heart afterward, that I couldn't sleep. I remembered watching you sleep, and wanting… needing to be near you—to hear your heart beat. When you woke, before the Enforcers came, I was afraid; but I also knew then that I wanted to be even closer to you.\" It was the most she had ever spoken to him at once. She was quiet for a moment, her eyes glowing with memory. \"When I heard the music again, I wanted the same thing… and I realized that I was no longer afraid. And so, I came to you again…\" She trailed off, and turned her face away for a moment. When she looked back at him, her eyes were gleaming and hard. \"Now I can only think of—that ship. My sisters, full of joy, even at—the doors... how I sang in the diner as they left, dreaming of when I would follow them... to freedom.\" Her lips twitched slightly in a bitter distortion of that tiny smile he had grown so fond of. She continued quietly. \"I know now that they are all dead—so many sisters, killed and torn apart like things, while I lived on... and their bodies were used to feed me. I thought I would never eat again, when I learned the truth.\" She was silent for a moment. \"Yet hours later, I smelled this food... and my body told me it was hungry, and I ate. Somehow, life goes on, even when it seems impossible.\" She turned back to him. \"But I know that the pain I feel will never leave me, not as long as I live. It is as if it will last for all time.\" He had taken her hands in his as she spoke. Her pain was her own, but also intimately linked to his, now welling up in him afresh. The words of a suppressed scholar and storyteller two centuries ago, an avid apologist for an extinct religion, came to him. \"The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before,\" he whispered. She nodded. \"That's the deal,\" she responded quietly, her eyes suddenly soft again. It was a funny thing to say, almost a quip, though she did not laugh. And then Hae-Joo realized that she had spoken the very next words of the book he was quoting—words he hadn't even remembered himself, until this instant. But when could she have read C.S. Lewis…? Surely not during her studies… yet how else? How could she even have read his mind, when he hadn't remembered the words himself? Or had she somehow come up with the words on her own, recreating by coincidence what a learned, faithful storyteller had written during his own deep mourning, hundreds of years in the past? He was staring at her, astounded; her response was a smile, and this time it was luminous. And he realized that there was something else happening to her, something beyond even ascension, or something of which her ascension had been only the beginning… something uncanny and glorious… Then, she was in his arms again, and they were kissing, passionately... moving toward the bedroom, pulling off his jacket, her cloak, his shirt... and as the ache of desire rose in him once more, he accepted the miracle without further question. It was as if she were determined with every touch, kiss and caress to learn him by heart. He surrendered himself completely, to her hands on him, her mouth on him, the wet, warm depths of her as she lowered herself onto him once more... to the rhythm of their bodies, moving together, and the waves of release that seized them, again and again... thus, they knew and loved each other anew, for the last time in this life. As they held each other afterward, she whispered to him. \"Hae-Joo, I already know you by heart.\" Just when he thought nothing could surprise him anymore, it seemed that now, she truly could read his mind. \"Sonmi…\" But he simply drew her face to his and kissed her, deep and long. When he released her lips at last, she drew a deep breath, and he, too, already knew what she was about to say. \"Send word now to the General that I am ready to share my revelations with the people. Tomorrow, if it can be done.\" Tomorrow… it was so soon. But time was simply not on their side. Any delay risked her being recaptured before she spoke out; she must not be. She was ready, and so was he. He obeyed her. They lay together, bodies seeking rest, minds reluctant to lose any of the last hours they had together in sleep. They gazed at each other in silence for a long time. In her eyes, which had been so innocent and frightened, were now depths of determination and wisdom, mingled with the love he realized he had always seen. How much she had changed in the short time he had known her; yet, she was infinitely more herself now than she had been when he had met her. Then, a startling fact came to him: tonight marked a week since they had met. It was unbelievable, but true... just seven nights ago, he had whirled around in the diner, and seen her standing there... \"You don't have to come with me, Hae-Joo,\" Sonmi spoke softly, breaking his reflections. Confusion filled him... followed by shock. His arms tightened around her, desperately. \"Sonmi—how can you say that? I will not leave you.\" Until the Enforcers came to stop her, and he had to fight them, and they killed him. It was as if he had spoken the words aloud, because they both heard them in the silence. \"You would still be with me. You don't have to die, too—not yet. You could live, Hae-Joo,\" she replied earnestly. He cradled her face in his hands, his eyes beginning to burn again. It both stunned him and tore him apart inside that she could have made the decision she had while having such thoughts. It seemed that she would astonish him to the very end. \"You know that I will go with you, Sonmi,\" he whispered hoarsely, blinking to keep his tears from falling. \"As far as I can.\" She gazed at him, tender and sorrowful; placed her hands over his, which were holding her face, and rested them there for a moment. Then, she gently took his hands, held them to her lips, and kissed them; finally, she brought them to her breast, and pressed them there. \"I know,\" she said softly. Silence fell again for a few moments, as he felt her warm, quick, strong heart beating beneath his hands. \"You're not afraid,\" he whispered suddenly. \"What is there to be afraid of, Hae-Joo?\" she murmured. \"Pain? It is but the other side of joy. That makes it part of life's greatest gift; I accept it freely.\" \"Death? It is only a door; our bodies die, but our souls endure. Nothing is ever truly lost, even in death. You and I are both aware that we have known each other before, and that we will know each other again, even if we do not understand how.\" Memories flickered across her face. \"All my life, I was taught to stop myself from thinking or feeling. I did not know what I was, or what I could become.\" She smiled, though her eyes were still sad. \"Yoona showed me what it is to wonder… to ask questions. When she died, I felt deep pain for the first time. I questioned the catechisms myself for the first time.\" She paused, then fixed her eyes on his, impossibly sweet and deep. \"But I did not begin to know myself until I met you.\" The tears spilled from his own eyes. How could such love and truth hurt so much…? And yet, the hurt was almost joy. Tenderly, she brushed his tears away with her fingers as she continued to speak softly. \"All that you have shown me has helped me to learn… to feel… to understand so much, Hae-Joo. Enough for many lifetimes. But it was in the way you looked at me that I truly found myself: for to be is to be perceived, and so, to know thyself is only possible through the eyes of the other.\" He drank in her words, feeling them echo in him… writing them in his heart, even as he felt the beat of hers. \"The nature of our immortal lives is in the consequences of our words and deeds, that go on apportioning themselves throughout all time.\" While her soft, steady voice spoke on, her hand stroked his cheek, and her other hand came to rest on his chest again; and his eyes began to close, as he felt himself filled with a deep, inexplicable peace. \"Our lives are not our own. From womb to tomb, we are bound to others, past and present…\" His soul clung to her voice: seeing, hearing, remembering. \"And by each crime, and every kindness, we birth our future.\"[Chapter 15] Shortly after they left the flat the early next morning, Hae-Joo saw Sonmi's eyes fall on a brilliant blue cloak in a street stall, and he immediately wanted her to have it. He looked back at her, and she nodded at him quietly. So they stopped at the stall, and bought it. She took off her black robe, and Hae-Joo helped her drape the new blue cloak over her purple tunic. As fond of the other cloak as they had both become, he felt glad that she would be wrapped in such lovely bright blue, rather than black, for her broadcast to humanity today… the last day he would see her. She looked positively luminous in it. Then, Sonmi took the black cloak and walked back in the direction of the flat. He followed, puzzled, as she approached an alley just off the main street. There, curled up in the shadows, was a heap of rags from which protruded two grimy hands... clutching an erhu., Hae-Joo watched as Sonmi tenderly tucked the black folds around the sleeping musician. For a moment, her hand lingered gently on his shoulder, and the old man stirred as if in a dream; but he did not awake. Then she straightened, and continued with Hae-Joo to Union headquarters. When they arrived, they went directly to the General's room. There, Hae-Joo had to watch Sonmi be led inside alone... though she was utterly calm and composed, he had barely let her out of his sight since rescuing her from the prison, and he loathed doing it now. But Apis had instructed the guard to bring her in alone, and Hae-Joo could well understand why. The General had been thrilled with Sonmi's swift change of heart, and had agreed it prudent to act as soon as possible; yet surely, he and Union's other leaders wished to evaluate not only Sonmi's readiness to speak independently, but what she intended to say. Hae-Joo was equally sure that they would be astounded at just how ready she was, and all the more so by her actual words... even without having heard them yet himself. In the meantime, he had matters to attend to, and made his way down the hall to the large room where the volunteers for Sonmi's guard had begun to assemble. It was a known suicide mission, yet there were plenty of volunteers; quite a few too many, he quickly saw. He would have to make some difficult decisions now, as to which men were important enough to Union to remove from the mission. He concentrated, performed some cold, emotionless analyses, and got it done. However, there was one man he attempted to remove because he was one of the Neo Seoul collective's few additional science officers; unlike all the others he quietly dismissed, this one protested. When pressed for an explanation, the dark-skinned man stated he had personal reasons, his warm eyes fixing him in a powerful gaze... and Hae-Joo felt a jolt of recognition. It was the Afrasian agent who had first discovered Yoona-939 and her smile in Papa Song's diner. He hardly knew the man... and yet he liked him a great deal. He had played a crucial role at the beginning of this undertaking, and he seemed not only exceedingly skilled, but warm-hearted as well. And somehow, there was even more to it... fleetingly, Hae-Joo was aware of a much deeper connection between them, another great undertaking which this dark-skinned man had helped him begin, and on which he had accompanied and aided him to the end… Yes, somehow he understood the agent's desire to stay on the guard now. And so, going against his own wishes, he granted the agent's, dismissing another young officer in his place. All of the officers and fighters had the discipline to refrain from showing their emotions, whether relief or disappointment, at the decisions that spared some lives while sentencing others to a certain but honorable death within the day. They were all good, courageous men. With the guard fixed, he outlined their plans for the next twenty minutes or so, until a familiar voice summoned his attention. \"Commander Chang.\" He turned to see Mitchell at the door. Hae-Joo delegated another officer to continue the meeting. Then, he and Mitchell went silently into the hall; there, they embraced each other for the first time in fifteen years. When they finally released each other, Mitchell's eyes were alight. \"She is extraordinary, Chang. I believed from the beginning, more than anyone else—except you. But she is far beyond all of us now.\" \"Yes,\" was all Hae-Joo could say before his throat tightened, cutting off further speech. Unable to do anything else, he automatically began to walk down the hall, back toward Apis's room; after a few seconds, Mitchell followed, catching up to him with swift strides. For several moments, there was silence; they simply walked together. Then... \"You love her, don't you?\" Mitchell asked him quietly. Hae-Joo stopped; gazed at his friend, still unable to speak, and nodded. He wasn't really surprised, for Mitchell had always read him like a book. Yet Mitchell's own face had abruptly become a mask... and now he turned away and continued walking down the hall, and Hae-Joo had to catch up to him. He could not begin to guess what lay behind Mitchell's reaction. He had always been good at concealing his thoughts, even from Hae-Joo... and he had been working as a spy in the Consumer world a far longer time than Hae-Joo had spent with him. Yet Mitchell, of all people, couldn't possibly disapprove. Something else was at play here. Silence reigned until they stopped before the door to Apis's room. There, Mitchell met Hae-Joo's gaze again; then, as abruptly as his mask had appeared, it fell away. \"I've been made provisional Boardman for AmerCorpia,\" he said, eyes full of pain. Hope flared wildly through Hae-Joo—but an instant later, he knew that this would not, could not change the events of the immediate future. As a highly placed spy, Mitchell's duty was convertly relaying crucial information to Union, never intervention; being a Boardman would put him in a priceless position to aid in the preparation and dissemination of Union propaganda related to Sonmi's broadcast, but for that to occur, he must maintain cover now. He shouldn't even be at headquarters right now; doubtless, he had wanted to see Sonmi again... Then, Hae-Joo realized that Mitchell would have to watch Sonmi's execution. It was so tragic, he could have laughed out loud. Mitchell, the first man to dream of a free-willed fabricant; Mitchell, whose brilliance had showed them the way to discover and foster ascendance. Now, in his role as Boardman, Mitchell would be forced to play one of the murderers of the only known free-willed fabricant in the world... after she had evolved even beyond ascendance... spoken out for the rebellion for which he himself was willing to die... and become the love of his best friend's life. Yet there was absolutely nothing he could do to save her, without destroying all that they, with her, were working for. \"She knows what I have to do,\" Mitchell said in a low voice. And as Hae-Joo watched, Mitchell's face again became as calm as only a spy's could be. \"She understands— everything. She helped me to better understand it all.\" He paused. \"Yet I must say, Hae-Joo... as hard as it will be for you, I would much rather be in your position than mine.\" To that, Hae-Joo could again only say, \"Yes.\" There was another moment of silence. It was as it was. \"She is waiting across the hall,\" Mitchell finally said. \"She said you would wish to speak to the General alone.\" Hae-Joo nodded; that had been wise of her. He entered the room, knowing that Mitchell had already guessed what he was about to do. Inside, General Apis was by himself, awe still lingering on his face. Hae-Joo briefed him on the volunteers, the status of their preparations. Then he stated his decision to lead Sonmi's guard. He saw astonishment in Apis's eyes, followed by confusion. Then, slowly, comprehension filled his face, and the General turned away with a heavy sigh. For several moments, he said nothing, and Hae-Joo could almost feel him gathering all his powers of persuasion. When Apis turned back to him and began to speak, his tone was gentle as Hae-Joo had ever heard from him. He praised his First Science Officer's obvious devotion to the fabricant whom he had twice rescued, carefully nurtured, and risked his life to protect, helping her to achieve not only free will but an extraordinary enlightenment. Apis would never have believed that she was the same timid being from the meeting two days ago, let alone the diner vidi, had he not seen it with his own eyes. Commander Chang had believed in this fabricant from the start, when few others did; he had practically insisted on becoming her sole guard and mentor, and applied himself with incredible dedication to this task. Under his care, the fabricant had made strides beyond their wildest expectations, even before he accompanied her on the crucial journey of the previous day; now, with that undoubtedly difficult task completed, the fabricant had transformed into a free, highly courageous being of astonishing eloquence and insight. Yes, she was one who could stir Humanity to break the power of Unanimity. The Movement owed Hae-Joo Chang a great debt. Commander Chang had many unique and formidable skills, which had helped him accomplish this duty, and would continue to perform a highly significantly role in the future of the Movement. The legacy of Sonmi-451 would continue in the telling and re-telling of her extraordinary story. The people would embrace her words, but Unanimity would do all it could to suppress them; thus, Union must fight to ensure they were heard by all. The people would rally in inspiration and clamor for change, but the backlash of the authorities would be great, and Union would need all its strength in the chaotic times to come. Apis grew forceful: it was Commander Chang's duty to continue to lead the struggle against Unanimity, both to the rebellion to which he had sworn himself and to this marvelous human being to whom he clearly had become deeply attached, who was about to sacrifice herself for that very cause. He simply could not throw his life away now; the General ordered him to withdraw from the guard. Apis paused, seeing the unchanged resolve in Hae-Joo's face, and seemed at a loss to continue. Only then did Hae-Joo answer him, with brief, quiet certainty. \"She has made her decision, and I have made mine. I can't go with her to the end, but I will protect her until my death.\" There was real sorrow in the General's eyes as they gazed at each other; a final, mute appeal. But Hae-Joo only went on, to dispel any doubts his leader still had. \"This goes beyond Union, Apis. Nothing you say or do will change it; even if I have to fight my way onto the aero, you can't stop me. I will do it.\" And General Apis bowed his head, realizing it useless to argue any further. Long moments went by as Hae-Joo waited for dismissal; none came. He was about to leave anyway, when Apis finally spoke again. \"It staggers me to lose you, Chang... yet perhaps, the cataclysm ahead will be so great that having you with us or not will make little difference. I shudder to think of it; but all will be as it must be.\" Apis straightened. \"You fought for her, mentored her; we would have lost her any number of times if not for you. If you have fallen in love with her as well, I can only hope that you two have found some joy together during this perilous undertaking, and be glad for you.\" He paused, and wonder filled his face again. \"Yet, even though you have been with her the whole way, I doubt that you are any better able to explain what she has become than I. As she spoke, I often felt that I was in the presence of perfect enlightenment and truth... the true embodiment of the Movement, which our imperfect rebellion can only strive to support. And I can only hope that she accepts our imperfections and forgives us, along with the sins of our world, and what we must do to her. \" The wonder in his face gave way once more to duty. \"If you must go with her, then go, Commander Chang.\" The General bowed again, with great formality. \"Farewell.\" Hae-Joo inclined his head in return. \"Farewell, Apis.\" Mitchell was waiting for Hae-Joo outside the room. \"I knew he would never be able to talk you out of it. Still I hoped, for entirely selfish reasons; it doesn't seem fair to finally meet again, after all this time... only to part until the next life.\" Hae-Joo squeezed his shoulder, and finally managed to put together a sentence to his friend. \"Thank you, Mitchell... for everything.\" His gratitude went beyond the truth and purpose his friend had helped him find in his youth. He also knew that without Mitchell, he would never have found Sonmi, the best thing that had ever happened to him, nor been able to help her change their world... he wished that he could say this, and so much more. He would not let himself think about Mitchell having to stand with the Boardmen, not now; only the good his friend had wrought... so much good. Despite that, or perhaps because of it, there was a burning in his eyes, a tightness in his chest... feelings he had thought lost to him for life until yesterday. It was easy to hold them back when he spoke to Apis, and to the other officers and fighters, but somehow, he was unable to hide them from Mitchell. And he couldn't give in to tears again right now, in the middle of Union headquarters, with work yet to be done. Mitchell stopped him. \"I know, my friend,\" he said simply. \"And I will do all I can to see that the world never forgets her.\" Squeezing his shoulder back, Mitchell smiled at him. And Hae-Joo found himself returning it: the first smile they had shared since they were youths together, and the last. \"Good-bye, Hae-Joo,\" Mitchell said softly, and left. The guard all understood their duty: provide cover for Sonmi in order for her to continue the Union broadcast as long as possible, until every last one of them fell. It was a ceremonial role; the defense plan was simple, and they would be no match for the Enforcer assault. Yet there had been an excess of volunteers to stand between the lone free-willed fabricant and the weapons of Unanimity, and not one of those remaining seemed to consider it anything less than a sacred task. Gathering of weapons, followed by coordination with rebel hackers scattered across the globe, who had been up all night preparing... despite their best efforts, they estimated that all would be traced within a few minutes, with Enforcers descending on their locations soon afterward. Still, it would take the Enforcers a little time to get to the remote island, even with the fastest aeros; the Enforcers would reach the hackers sooner, but they had written a fiendishly complex program that would automatically maintain the signal, and required great skill to disable. Sonmi would very likely be heard and seen across the world, until the Enforcers physically seized her. Loading the high-speed aero… sitting in silence for the two hours' journey with Sonmi and the guard. Her face was set with purpose, and they didn't touch. Their bodies had joined for the last time the previous night; to touch each other risked overwhelming emotions, and could only make their tasks more difficult. At least, that was what Hae-Joo kept telling himself. The guard afforded them both a respectful distance, their expressions betraying awe whenever they looked at Sonmi. Then they were approaching the island, skimming over the water in warm, late afternoon sunlight. Their destination looked lush and peaceful, with no evidence from this distance of the environmental poisoning that had caused its abandonment; perhaps the ecosystem had somewhat recovered already. Surely this beautiful, isolated place could still support human life, even after a true disaster… Part of him recalled another journey over the water, a different island. The journey had begun on that other island, and it had been a journey back to her... the island before them was the completion of a journey he had made alongside her. At its end, very soon now, the two of them must part. Yet he had a strong feeling that he, at least, would set foot on the island before them again. Somehow, he could even envision it as a home. Yes, it would provide a peaceful refuge for his family, his people… for a time... They hovered to the top of the forbidding mountain peak, to the massive, temple-like domes of the satellite station. The largest dome, containing the broadcast chamber, had been a grand, cavernous space for Boardmen to give speeches before the assembled crowds, as well as those forced to watch all over the world. Here, the rebels set up their simple defensive barricades on its vast floor and armed themselves, then sealed the blast doors. Hae-Joo contacted the hackers; they were standing by. It was time to take Sonmi up to the chamber. Hae-Joo beckoned her to the lift and called it down. As they waited, he longed intensely to touch her, even briefly, one more time; to somehow say goodbye. But he also didn't know if that would help either of them get through the coming moments; his chest felt tighter than ever, and the last thing she needed was for him to break down now. So he rigidly controlled himself. The lift arrived. She entered first, he followed her and closed the door, and they ascended swiftly to the chamber. He went in and activated the vidi and audio equipment; confirmed that the hackers could see the feed, and told them to broadcast on his order. He looked at Sonmi, standing next to him. \"Are you ready?\" he asked, unable to believe how calm he sounded. She nodded. Her eyes were clear and serious. She must now speak, alone, freely and without assistance, for all of humanity to see. He must not do anything to distract her now from her purpose. He could only watch and listen to her from below, with the other rebels, until the assault began. So he simply had to leave her now, no matter how he felt. \"You will hear a beep just before the feed goes live,\" he said quietly. \"Then you can begin.\" He returned to the lift, stepped in, and turned around to close it; saw that she had silently followed him, and was standing just outside the door. She slowly reached out her hand to him, across the open door; hesitantly, he reached out and took it, afraid that he would be unable to control his emotions. They held hands for a moment, gazing at each other quietly. Then, to her lips came a slight hint of her sweet little smile; rather than undoing him, it reassured him that, somehow, despite everything, she would be all right... more than all right. She let go of his hand and went back into the chamber. He closed the door and descended. Soon he was standing behind the rebel defenses, with a clear view of her blue and purple form above; he noticed that all of the fighters were looking up at her from their various positions. He ordered the hackers to broadcast the feed. Then, Sonmi began to speak. \"I am Sonmi, once called Sonmi-451. I am a fabricant. I was a server in Papa Song's diner; now I am free. I speak for the Union Movement.\" Hae-Joo and the rebels listened, spellbound, along with billions of people around the world, and perhaps ten thousand others many light-years across the galaxy. With beautiful poise, Sonmi spoke the truths Hae-Joo knew he had helped her learn, and her own insights, which he had never heard her speak aloud, yet which resonated in him as if she spoke for his soul. She spoke on the meaning of freedom and self-knowledge; the innate human tendency toward prejudice and corruption; the brutal treatment of those deemed inferior, such as her kind, in a repeating cycle throughout history. She spoke of fabricant conditioning, and catechisms, and processing; of the loss of her sister and friend; of music and literature, food and sexuality; of the transcendence of unseen boundaries and established conventions; of love, and death, and the connection of all souls. Hours seemed to pass, but Hae-Joo knew only it had been a little over fifteen minutes. He was aware, even as he listened, that the Enforcers would soon arrive. There had been no communication from the hackers since the broadcast begun; they could be dead already, and if not, they would be soon. There would be no contact with Union headquarters, to prevent the Enforcers from tracing it, and spare as many other rebels as they could. They could only wait. And then, Hae-Joo heard it… the barely audible roar of aeros approaching the dome. They were coming. There was still a little time. He knew that Sonmi could not hear the noise in the soundproof dome, but she could surely see the guard begin to ready their weapons, even as they continued to listen to her. Yet her words still flowed easily and elegantly. Hae-Joo continued to gaze up at her, not quite ready to turn away… Moments later, he heard a familiar, high-pitched hiss. The Enforcers were burning through the doors with lasers; she would be able to see the bright incisions glowing on the doors. In a minute they would be inside, and not much later, it would be over. She must know that, even as she continued to talk steadily. He turned away reluctantly and walked slowly toward the rebels. Most were already crouching, their weapons trained on the doors, as the incisions grew wider and brighter. \"To be is to be perceived. And so, to know thyself is only possible through the eyes of the other,\" she said. He recognized these words; she had said them to him the previous night. He looked back at her again, alone in the chamber above, and the tightness in his chest gave way to that longing ache once more. She knew. She was telling him that she knew, by making her words from their final night of love the end of her revelation. Had she always intended for them to conclude her revelation to humanity? Had she deliberately spoken them to him alone first... to tell him she loved him, and farewell? It did not matter. Whenever she had made the choice, it was the same: hers, and beautiful. He turned back to see his men waiting, some of them watching him anxiously. The dark-skinned science officer gazed at him steadily, his warm eyes conveying strength... companionship. Hae-Joo joined them. \"The nature of our immortal lives is in the consequences of our words and deeds—\" he heard Sonmi say, as he crouched behind the barricade and aimed his weapon, and he felt the entire guard draw in its courage, and move into final readiness— \"That go on apportioning themselves throughout all time.\" Her voice was steady. She could do this. Then the doors exploded, and it all happened even more swiftly than he had imagined. Fire and smoke and blinding phasers; men screaming, flying, blasted apart. Still, Hae-Joo could hear Sonmi's voice, her words slowing as she witnessed the slaughter unfolding below her. \"Our lives are not our own… from womb to tomb, we are bound to others… past and present.\" Over half of the rebels were down, with Enforcers pouring through the doors. The dark-skinned science officer cried out and fell just in front of him. It would all end in a moment for the rest of them, but Sonmi wasn't done yet; she needed a few more seconds for those last words, which he knew so well. He rolled into the open, threw a grenade and shot fiercely into the wave of approaching Enforcers, as an explosion took out the rebels crouched meters away. Somehow, he heard her continue. \"And by each crime, and every kindness… we birth our future.\" The blast sent him flying. He crashed to the floor, could not move, and gazed at her far above him. He recognized this moment; she had finished speaking her revelation, and his life was nearly over. As if he were close to her still, he saw the tears spill from her eyes... as he had before, and would again… She had cried tears of joy after his dark-skinned friend helped him stagger from the ship, through the town, and back to his home. She had run to him and thrown her arms around him, and he had held her and kissed her, his beloved red-haired wife, her happy sobs in his ear… She would shed a single tear just before the Boardmen had her executed during their own public broadcast to the people. They would have her clothed mockingly in the white dress of xultation, and look on as red-robed attendants lowered the instrument of xcisement over her head. Mitchell would stand with the Boardmen before her, his face impassive, unable to do anything but bear witness. And Sonmi would gaze at Mephi with love and defiance, knowing she had won her fight at last. She could not yet know this on the night she accompanied her husband to her father's house. There, the lawyer interrupted the businessman at dinner to announce that he would no longer work for him. He threw the slave contract he had brought back from the island into the fire for good measure. He also announced his and his wife's decision to move across the country, to work with other men and women who wished to end slavery. She had embraced his dark-skinned friend when she learned of how he had saved her husband's life; she had listened, moved to her soul, as he told his story of enslavement, suffering, and escape. She had known little of such things, for her father, though he had grown wealthy from the slave trade and regularly defended it, had discouraged her from learning much about it. But now that she knew the truth of its evil, she could not conceive of staying silent about it. When her husband told her of the movement he was considering joining, she told him that she not only supported his decision, but wished to help him in this great new work in any way she could. She had also felt then that this decision would free them both from her father's oppressive control, once and for all... yet when they told him, her father threatened them with dire consequences: not from him, but from the entire world. This movement will never survive; if you join them, you and your entire family will be shunned. At best, you will exist as a pariah to be spat at and beaten; at worst, to be lynched or crucified. She felt a terrible chill at those words… it seemed she could see her father at that very moment, coldly and knowingly watching her own execution. Her husband gazed at her in concern. And for what? For what? Her father continued, enjoying the effect his words had had. No matter what you do, it will never amount to anything more than a single drop in a limitless ocean. But her husband's brave response filled her with courage again. What is an ocean, but a multitude of drops? She couldn't help looking back at her father's face, cold with wrath, as she and her husband left. She felt sure he would never call her daughter again, nor even bother to trouble her and her husband in their new life; and yet she felt equally sure that she would see him again… that then, she would fight a much greater battle with him, and all he stood for. But she had won now. She knew that countless corrupt, lost, and suffering people would find in her words the light and understanding they longed for. She had already seen the light dawning in the eyes of the quiet Archivist with whom she met before her xcisement. He had begun as an officer of Unanimity, with all the prejudices of his position; yet he ended overcome with wonder at her story of freedom, enlightenment, and love that reached beyond death. He seemed especially moved when she spoke of her love… it was almost as if he were remembering someone, a great lost love of his own… Yes, she had ascended far beyond her father's comprehension. Her presence among humanity would endure beyond her death, giving people the courage to seek the truth and overcome darkness in the next age... and she would see her love again in eternity. So she smiled at Mephi, a single, joyful tear spilling from her eye. Then the metal bolt punctured her skull, and her head fell limply back. Blackness had descended on Hae-Joo, and he could no longer see Sonmi as his broken body convulsed. It was as if he felt the poison torturing his insides anew… then he could feel the cruel slash of the knife, cutting off his wail of despair, mingled with the agony of witnessing his beloved son's death… of losing Jae… of the deaths of all the rebels who had bravely given their lives for the cause, including those whose bodies littered the floor around him now, and of the multitudes who were yet to perish, whose bodies would lie here and elsewhere after the horrors still to come. Sonmi… where was she? It was such anguish to let her go where he could not follow. Yet she had had to go; she had made the choice. Great good would come of the path she had chosen, and one day his soul would find hers again… and yes, he could still feel her, gazing down on him even now. Her father would continue on the path of his own choosing. He would embrace prejudice, exploit and even kill others for his own gain. He would ever seek to brutalize and control, to hold limitless power; he would descend as far as Sonmi had ascended, to twist others' souls with fear and selfishness. The demon would torment the tattooed brother, that troubled soul who had done terrible things... poisoned the lawyer in order to steal what he coveted, hidden while his own brother-in-law and nephew were slaughtered... he had long struggled against his weakness. Sometimes, he had overcome, as when he helped the brown-skinned journalist; more often, he had given in, and let himself be ruled by greed and violence. Yet hope was never lost. Sonmi's existence now reached beyond death. She would send the brother her words through her priestess, and he would have other help as well. Her kind and curious sister; his sweet little girl; and, above all, the brown-skinned woman in white. They would all help the brother… had helped the brother to conquer his fear and selfishness, freeing him from the demon's power forever. Hae-Joo had already seen this. Now he saw the brother again, old and weathered, a bunch of young children with skin brown, pale and every shade in between gathered adoringly before him. The brother had left the dying earth; he had built a full, happy life with the brown woman, his little girl, and the family they made of mingled free peoples, in their new home across the galaxy. As Hae-Joo died, pain gave way to joy. Humanity, truth, and love would live on. He looked on as his brother kissed the brown woman tenderly. He saw a smile light up the face of his dark-skinned friend. He watched his young boy and his little girl and Yoona, laughing together. He gazed into his red-haired bride's sweet eyes; lost himself in her arms anew. He heard the Cloud Atlas theme, and it was rapture now. He loved Sonmi. He would live again, and again. All was so perfectly, damnably well. ","Summary":" A familiar pressure roused Hae-Joo from sleep. He knew before his eyes opened that it was Sonmi, re"}]