[{"Movie":".45","Title":"Zodiac Reborn","Author":"doss.it","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11882952","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Zodiac Reborn As Robert Graysmith walks out of the convenient store Arthur Allen quickly makes a phone call to an unknown individual. Robert knows without a doubt he has the killer sitting in the palm of his hand. He quickly returns to his home to search for the man who was shot by the Zodiac killer, but ended up being a lucky survivor. Mike Mageu, the only survivor of a Zodiac interaction. \"I have to find Mike. I need to know the truth, Arthur Allen is a psychopath killer.\" Robert finds Mike and asks him to help identify the Zodiac killer. After a little convincing Mike is willing to look at the picture lineup in order to find the man that shot him. He was shot nearly a year ago, and does not feel confident in his memory of the man, or the events that took place that night. All he can remember is the pain shooting up his neck and into his brain. A type of pain unexplainable. He covers his wound as a remembrance of what happened, and in hopes of being able to pick out the correct man. Robert lays out seven different pictures of men with similar faces and body shapes. Mike contemplates for a couple seconds, but responds with a confident answer, \"It's him. I never thought I would remember it, but I am almost sure this is the man.\" The man Mike picked out matches Arthur Allen, Robert knew he was the Zodiac killer from the beginning. Robert has had multiple close encounters with wrong leads that cause quite a bit of trouble. He remembers one vivid time when he thought an old man was the Zodiac killer. He was in a possible killer's house, walking through the basement, with an eerie feeling creeping up on him every step of the way, but he had to find out. After a couple quick conversations with the old man Robert finds old papers that had been cut up resembling a letter he had once seen. A year or two ago a Zodiac \"wannabe\" was writing letters to the press using newspaper letters as a sense of code to hide his true identity. He hopes he will not have to wander through a rickety basement to catch this killer. He plans to follow Arthur to his work in attempt to find out where the man lives. Robert follows Arthur as he finishes locking up the store. Arthur turns the corner as Robert tries to quickly follow behind. Just as he reaches the end of the street he turns, and nobody. The streets are ghostly. \"I can't catch a break… Who is this guy?\" Robert starts to question Arthur's ability, how could one man outsmart the whole police department. Bingo! There is more than one man, why didn't anybody think of that. There is no possible way the Zodiac killer is able to disappear right when investigators come close enough to catch him. Who would help him? Thousands of questions are running through his mind. \"I have to know the answer\" Robert reassures himself. He goes to Paul Avery and asks for a tap on Arthur's phone based on the knowledge that Mike gave him. Paul rebuttals, \"That man was shot a year ago, we cannot use an old testimony. Plus, I think he's crazy anyway.\" Robert is astonished, \"I come to you with the biggest lead yet and you refuse? I am a cartoonist, but I have been right every step of the way. The man called into a live broadcast and talked openly about his actions! The hell is wrong with you Avery?\" Paul sits back in his chair, \"Robert, I have no authority to tap his phone. Even if I did ask the Chief of police he would be hesitant to help out. The police are a political party, they're not here to protect and serve.\" Ridiculous, I come in here with the final piece of evidence to catch this S.O.B and I am pushed aside. I can do this by myself, I don't need to tap his phone I will watch his work every day until I die. Robert spends weeks watching Arthur's schedule, what days he works, where he eats lunch, and if he picks his nose at 12:08 Robert wants to know. He has rented out a hotel room across the street of the Hardware store that Arthur is at. After countless room service calls Robert starts to become annoyed. Does Arthur know I am watching him? All he has done is gone to work and went home with rare occasions of going to the grocery store. I was positive this man was the killer. Robert continues to watch Arthur through the hotel window, but only a couple days out of the week now. Months go by and there has been no sign of the Zodiac killer, at first we had him calling into talk shows, then multiple coded messages to the press, and now not a single thing for nearly a year. Robert starts to lose interest in his old passion and ends up writing his political cartoons with no relation to Arthur. 2 Years Later Robert picks up the newspaper every day on his way to work, in hopes to find just one thing about another lead on the Zodiac killer. As he is flipping through he sees the obituaries and notices a man had a heart attack in his county his interest peaks and he examines the biography. \" A man who did not say much, but was full of wisdom. He was kind and gentle, I will never forget his face. Arthur Allen, you will always be in my heart and I know you are in a better place now. Thanks for your love and compassion, always.\" – Susan S. Allen Robert's jaw is dropped and he is turned silent by the words of Susan Allen. Arthur Allen is dead, and the Zodiac Killer was never caught. My whole lead, every bit of evidence, follows Arthur Allen now I have to start from square one. Susan has to know something about Arthur's life, she could tell me what type of man he was. The door opens and an old white haired lady is standing at the door with a smile on her face and a white gown to prove her age. \"Why hello young man,\" she says smiling ear to ear. \"Hi, are you Susan?\" Robert politely asks. \"Yes.\" \"Could you tell me a couple things about Arthur Allen?\" \"Arthur has gone to a better place now. My son was a wonderful ray of light and he hasn't left much to remember him by.\" Robert could see the love for her child by her expression. \"Not a girlfriend, or kids? Did he have anybody besides yourself who was close to him in relationship?\" \"Well there was this one boy who went to high school with Arty. I believe he still lives in this town, I have seen him on the newspaper.\" \"Any chance you know his name?\" Robert cannot contain his excitement his heart is racing. Susan starts to think, you can see it on her face. Her eyebrows narrow and bottom lip puckered out she starts to say something, \"Avery. Avery something, he was a short boy with black hair. I believe he had two first names for his full name. John Avery maybe?\" Robert looks defeated. He thanks Susan and starts to walk away, when something hits him. I've read the newspaper all of my life, but I have never seen an Avery John. The only Avery I have ever seen is Paul. Robert stops in his tracks and runs back up the steps just to catch Susan shutting the door, \"Susan! Paul Avery? Was that the boy your son was friends with?\" \"Yes! That was him.\" ","Summary":" Zodiac Reborn As Robert Graysmith walks out of the convenient store Arthur Allen quickly makes a ph"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"선릉안마방ȭ％〔01o 2853 9450 강남역안마ᖲ〕％ 강남안마서비스ᵈ선릉역안마위치budgetȭ선릉역안마선릉안마방업소위치","Author":"svip olo-2853-9450","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13232884","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ ","Summary":" 선릉안마ᕎ【O1O-2853∞945O 역삼안마】ᴤ강남안마비교₠선릉안마방좋은곳launchᕎ선릉안마✕선릉역안마가격정보％welfare 선릉역안마가격비교₠고객만족도1위％선릉안마ᴤ 선릉안마"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Alma","Author":"BerniZavala","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11575450","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alma comenzó a marearse, no entendía nada. Sus ojos daban vueltas sin parar para tratar de entender lo que recién había sucedido. Solo recordaba haber entrado a la tienda en busca de la muñeca idéntica a ella, pero no sabía qué era lo que había pasado luego. Tenía el recuerdo de un sonido de una bicicleta contra una puerta y de un largo túnel. De repente intentó tocarse con las manos los ojos que tanto le daban vuelta. Intentó estirar el brazo, doblarlo, acercar la mano y mover sus dedos, pero ninguna de estas acciones fue llevada a cabo. Se comenzó a desesperar. Intentó el movimiento nuevamente; doblar el brazo, moverlo hacia su cara y con los dedos tocar sus ojos. Sin embargo por más que puso todo sus esfuerzos en la tarea, no fue capaz. \"Algo raro está sucediendo\" pensó, y casi de forma automática trató de gritar el nombre de su madre. Pero ni siquiera pudo abrir la boca. Entonces, comenzó a angustiarse, ya sentía que estaba encarcelada en su cuerpo, tenía la sensación de encierro. No había alcanzado a entender lo que estaba pasando, cuando sintió un ruido en la puerta. Instintivamente se quedó muy queta. Vio cómo entraba una niña idéntica a la muñeca que yacía en el escaparate. La niña, llena de vida y curiosidad comenzó a buscar la muñeca que había llamado su atención por toda la tienda. La muñeca apareció de repente en una mesita de centro. La niña la reconoció he intentó acercarse, pero se desconcentró mirando un payaso que sonreía cruelmente desde la ventana. Cuando volvió la vista, la muñeca ya no estaba en la mesa. Alma sintió un cosquilleo y vio como la muñeca había aparecido sin más a su lado. La intrusa siguió buscando la muñeca con una sonrisa en su cara. No parecía asombrada ni inquieta por los sucesos que estaban ocurriendo a su alrededor. De repente, se percató que su símil en muñeco estaba apoyado en la repisa de una de las paredes. Se acercó dando saltos y la miró fijamente. En ese mismo momento Alma comprendió lo que estaba sucediendo y quiso gritar. En realidad quiso chillar, llorar, patalear, todo al mismo tiempo, pero ninguna de estas cosas fue capaz. Ya no controlaba su cuerpo de la forma que lo había hecho antes. La niña acercó lentamente su mano a la cara de la dulce muñeca a la cual miraba. Cuando el dedo logró tocar la fría porcelana, ocurrió lo que debía pasar. \"Al menos, ya no estaré sola\", pensó Alma. ","Summary":" Alma comenzó a marearse, no entendía nada. Sus ojos daban vueltas sin parar para tratar de entender"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Httyd 2 and rtte hiccstrid one shots","Author":"Mimi Lizzy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12491278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys, this is my first story not even sure how it fully works yet but am so exited. Please no mean comments/reviews. Ok so this takes place after how to train your dragon 2. Hiccup We had just finish the clean up of Berk. We were currently at the Great Hall mourning and celebrate the fact that my dad died and that my mom came home. After everyone did speeches the party was really on. Everyone was dancing and singing and having fun. Every Viking was at the Great Hall. Well, everyone except my girl, Astrid, and me. We managed to escape the crowd without anyone knowing and made our way down to a beach that many few knew about. It was quite,peaceful and beautiful. \"It feels so good to get away from the noise and be with you. Alone.\"I whispered in her ear. We were standing in the sand holding each other and enjoying each others company. The night sky was full of stars and a bright full moon. Astrid looked up at me and said \" I love you so much.\" I kissed her on the lips with so much love and passion. She kissed me back with the same amount of force. Valka It was good to be back and see peace with the dragons. Although it was sad to see my husband die I was now reunited with my son and could spend my remaining years with him. It was nice to see his friends and what he had accomplished on Berk in the matter of five years. I had heard something. Well I wasn't sure about it but I heard something about a girl. From whispers of other young women in the village about some girl named Astrid. Somethings I heard was pleasant but others were not so nice. I had decided to go ask my son but I couldn't find him. I searched all the faces in the hall but none was of my so. 'Where could he be' I said to myself quietly. Upon not finding him I decide to go look for him myself around the village with Cloudjumper my dragon. Astrid It felt so good to be wrapped up in arms. I loved the way that through all the fuss and buss (I think that's the right spelling) of the village he made time for us. (strange because in Rise Of Berk it's the you should get the game) I wanted to stay the for ever I wanted him o just old me and loved me. \"Hiicup, we have to get back.\"I said pulling away from his embrace. I looked up at him and our eyes met. I didn't dear look away from his mesmerizing emerald green eyes. He was just so cute. My heart was yearning for his touch. Hiccup I got lost in the moment until Astrid spoke. \"I know we have to go back but I want to be with you.\" I kissed her and it didn't take long for the kiss to get heated. In a matter of seconds i had her up against a bolder my hands snaked around her waist and her arms around my neck getting lost in my hair. We both pulled apart to breath but our foreheads still connected. \"I could spend the night with you. Then we would be together.\" she managed to say with the little bit of breath she had left. Gods she sounded so cute. We kissed again and she moaned into the kiss only causing me to kiss her harder. After our little make out session we made our way to the great hall. But little did we know that someone was watching us. Valka I made my way down to a beach where I used to play as a little girl only to hear some whispers, giggling and moans. I hid behind a bush and watched. It was my son and the girl he had kissed at the end of the battle. Could this be Astrid. I had to ask my son later but for the time being I just left to think and give them privacy. Ok so this is my first one shot. Hope you guys like it. I will do a part to this chapter. But for now have a nice day. ","Summary":" Hi guys, this is my first story not even sure how it fully works yet but am so exited. Please no me"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"New story","Author":"Account no longer in use 4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12215859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New story coming soon. ","Summary":" New story coming soon."},{"Movie":".45","Title":"인덕원안마 ％『O1O 5836 3763 안양안마』％ 인덕원안마방사이즈좋은곳 인덕원안마방정보significance 인덕원안마ḫ","Author":"vip olo-5836-3763","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13225403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마방매니저％인덕원안마◦ ","Summary":" 인덕원안마Ù〔oloᖨ 5836- 3763 안양안마〕◦기가차는곳ώ인덕원인덕원안마초이스contributeÙ인덕원안마ᓘ인덕원안마방추천％irresistibleᒂ인덕원안마매니저ώ인덕원안마"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Quédate a mi lado","Author":"TatakaeGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12451333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, bellas criaturas del mundo terrenal. Mi nombre es Elii, y bueno, les traigo un pequeño y bonito one-shot de esta bella y shotacona parejita. \"Un jefe en pañales\", ¿les suena? Bueno, no diré mas y les dejare con las advertencias antes de que se aburran . Un jefe en pañales es una película animada dirigida por Tom McGrath (Megamente), y escrita por Michael McCullers. La cinta es producida por DreamWorks y distribuida por 20th Century Fox. ( Datos tomados de wikia ) Advertecias: |Shota|Yaoi|¿posible ataque de ternura?|Y, a no ser que lo consideren así, incesto. . . . . Las cosas entre el mayor y el bebé iban de maravilla. El castaño debía admitir con sinceridad que aunque el más pequeño no fue de su agrado cuando llegó -pues no solo acaparaba a sus padres al cien por ciento, sino que también fue sumamente grosero-, después de las cosas que tuvieron que pasar juntos y que le ayudara a ver el verdadero significado de \"compartir\", supo apreciarlo, y por lo que podía ver, era correspondido. Los dos habían aprendido, tras muchos desafíos y pruebas de primera mano, qué era el tan grandioso arte de amar . Porque ellos se amaban , claro estaba. Sus padres eran conscientes de eso al igual que los pequeños bebés y \"ayudantes\" de su hermano menor. Toda -y cuando decian toda, era toda - la gente que les viera juntos sabían que esos dos hermanos eran imparables e inseparables. Se ayudaban juntos todo el tiempo, compartian no importaba de que se tratara y se defendían el uno a otro. Timothy tenía la gran fascinación por contarle cuentos a su hermano e incluso cantarle de vez en cuando, lo cual no molestaba ni un poco al pequeño rubio, pues le gustaba escuchar la infantil y poco aguda voz de su castaño hermano mayor antes de dormir. En un par de años podría ser un buen cantante incluso. Aunque tal vez solo divagaba , quien sabe. Todas las aventuras se fueron haciendo cada vez mas y mas grandes; desde que imaginaran monstruos debajo de su pequeña cama, hasta que los autos eran voladores. ¡Timothy tenía el mejor hermano menor de todo el mundo! Hasta que eso cambio de la nada... O bueno, no, pero sin saber en que momento la adolescencia -pues en un abrir y cerrar de ojos ya tenía doce y medio años- comenzaba a llegarle de a poco. Su hermano tenía nada mas y nada menos que cinco años... poco para poder cumplir los seis y él los trece. La obligaciones se fueron haciendo cada vez menos ligeras y con ello había momentos en que tenía que evitar prestarle atención a Theodore -su hermanito- Tenía entendido que su madre le había explicado lo ocupado que estaba por su entrada a la - torpe - secundaria. Una etapa en la que su hermanote estaría cada vez mas ocupado, y por lo tanto debía entenderme. ¡Pero eso no quitaba de lado que dejara a mi hermanito abandonado hasta por horas! ¡HORAS! Ver su semblante serio mientras se iba después de proponerme ir a una aventura y yo rechazarle sin quitar la mirada del libro, era lo peor del mundo. ¿Pero saben qué es bueno...? ¡Que cuando entras a la escuela, las vacaciones que vienen luego de largos cuatro meses son las mas extensas del año! Tres meses y medio -de puro martirio , palabras que había aprendido recientemente-, se habían terminado al fin. ¡Solo dos semanas y sería libre! Mas sin en cambio, ¿qué fue lo que no me espere...? Pues si, que Theodore me ignorara por completo. Pasadas las dos semanas, tuve el impulso de lanzar todo por la ventana de una vez. Pero a mamá no le gustaría eso y lo mas seguro es que se enojara. Y mamá enojada no es nada bueno. Volviendo a lo otro, fui a buscarlo a donde sabía que estaba siempre. Había comenzado el jardín de niños hacia un año, por lo que seguro estaba haciendo uno que otro rayón en su tarea de niño traumado , como solía decir. Para él era imposible socializar sin hacer llorar a alguien con sus directos comentarios. Pero eso me gustaba de él, sabía cuidarse solito y eso estaba genial. No era el típico y debilucho hermano menor. Me agradaba. Y no miento al decir que tengo al mejor hermano menor de todo el mundo. ¿Cuál fue mi sorpresa cuando llegué? Que el bebé no estaba ahí. ¿Dónde podría...? Baje con rapidez a la primera olanta, cuidando no tropezar con algún juguete que mi hermano -o inclusi yo mismo- hubiera olvidado recoger. Cuando llegué a la cocina, mama estaba lavando la losa. — Hey mamá...—le salude, a lo que ella se llevó la mano con rapidez al pecho, mirándome con reproche en la mirada. — Tim, hijo... no vuelvas a hacer eso. Ten compasión del frágil corazón de tu madre —mis ojos se abrieron de par en par al ver mi propio error. — Oh, l-lo siento, solo quería saber donde estaba Theo...—mi madre sonrió, recibiendo mi disculpa. Mas sin embargo la sonrisa desapareció y se quedo mirando pensativa un punto, mientras rascaba su barbilla, llenandola de espuma debido a que antes lavaba los platos. Eso me hizo reír. — Tu padre lo llevo con sus amiguitos...—contesto luego de unos segundos, a lo que decayó mi sonrisa. Para ella no pasó desapercibida y en seguida se acerco a estrecharme entre sus brazos con cariño— Vamos, hijo. Sabes como estuvo el bebé todo este tiempo por ti, deja que pase un momento con sus amiguitos...—dejo un beso en mi frente, y antes de volver a lavar la losa, revolvio mis cabellos. Ya estaban algo largos, ¿debería decirselos? ¡ Agh , no es momento de pensar en eso! — Estare en mi habitación entonces, si Theo viene dile que vaya por favor. — Sabes que si, cariño...—y sin decir mas, yo subí la escaleras y ella siguió cantando mientras lavaba los cachibaches. Solo esperaba que Theo no este molesto conmigo. . . . . Mientras estaba en mi habitación, acomodando los libro en su lugar y demas cosas, por mi cabeza paso la conversación de hace dos meses con mi familia. Mi madre repartía cada ración proporcional a la de todos mientras que papá hablaba con Theo, diciéndolo el buen niño que era por sacar tan buenas notas en el jardín de niños. Y no era para tanto, dirán ustedes, pero... Todas la profesoras y prefectas de la pequeña institución infantil habían quedado tan fascinadas con mi hermano que no pudieron evitar envidiar a mi madre, halagándola de una y mil maneras cuando lo recogió al termino de sus clases. Los halagos iban desde que buen portado era , hasta lo limpio y rápido que era al hacer cualquier actividad . Theodore solo le decía en balbuceos \"gracias\" a papá y mamá, mientras que yo me concentraba en repasar las respuesta del examen de historia. Vale, se que yo mismo dije que era genial el inicio de clases, porque se venían después las vacaciones mas extensas, pero no contaba con algo... Y era que antes de salir a estas \"supuestas\" vacaciones, debía rendir un examen. Lo se, pura popo. — ¿Qué dices, Timothy...? —la voz de mi padre llego a mis oídos, y fue entonces que me di cuenta de que todos en la mesa me miraban. Reír avergonzado al no saber que responder. — L-lo siento... ¿puedes repetirlo por favor, papá? —Theo me miro con reproche desde su lugar, en frente mio, lo cual ignore. Lleve una cucharada de puré de papa a mi boca. — Pregunté si has conocido a alguna chica linda en tu escuela...—la comida se había atorado en mi esofago, y antes de poder darme cuenta, ya estaba atragantandome con el espeso alimento. Basto un solo golpe en la espalda por parte de mi hermano pequeño para que escupiera la pequeña porción de papa de regreso a mi plato. — ¿Q-qué...? — ¡Ted! ¡No hagas ese tipo de preguntas a Tom, apenas en un niño! —renegó enseguida mi madre, limpiandome las comisuras de los labios. — Solo era mera curiosidad, Janice... — Pues guardate esa curiosidad para dentro de unos años, no... — Terminé —la voz de mi hermano fue la última en escucharse dentro del comedor antes de que se fuera. Su voz había sido tan directa y poco amistosa -que es como no solia comportarse con mis padres normalmente-, que incluso sentí escalofríos recorrerme la columna. ¿Qué fue eso? — Lo siento, hijo...—dijo después de unos segundos mi padre, a lo cual negué sin reparos— Solo quería... — No, no... esta bien, papá —le interrumpí— aunque igual debo aclararte que no me he fijado en ninguna chica, ni siquiera tengo una como amiga... Creo que eso lo tuvo conforme, y gracias a eso el ambiente dejo de ser tan pesado. Sin embargo, ¿por que se había enojado tanto mi pequeño hermanito? . . . . El chirrido en la puerta me saco de mis cavilaciones, haciendo levantarme de golpe y que mirara a la pequeña persona recién llegada. Un escalofrío me recorrió de pies a cabeza. — Hey, Theo...—salude, bajando de un salto de la cama para ir a abrazarle— ¿Qué tal la tarde con tus amiguitos? —pregunté después de rodear con mis brazos su pequeño y algo robusto cuerpo. ¡Mi hermano era tan mono! Y su olor era tan... — Nada mal. Han mejorado en realidad...—tomo asiento en el suelo luego del abrazo para poder quitarse sus pequeños zapatos— Debo admitir que cada vez son mejores —una sonrisa apareció en mi rostro, mientras copiaba su acción de quitarse los zapatos. ¿Por qué no lo había hecho antes?— Aunque... igualmente les falta mucho aún por aprender. Staci es la mejor hasta ahora... — Ya veo. Es bueno que les reconozcas por su talento...—admire aquello. A pesar de ser un bebé, seguía con la mentalidad de un adulto. Después de todo para eso nació, y me agrada. Es bueno tener un hermano menor con el cual puedo charlar tan bien como si fuera uno de mi edad o incluso mayor. Me gustaba que él fuera mi hermano. Se que sino fuera él, nada sería así. Yo no podría ser así con otro. — ¿Qué te pasa? —preguntó. Rayos, hoy me he perdido mucho en mis pensamientos— Te has quedado como si estuvieras en otro mundo. ¿Todo bien? Mis nervios aumentaron, pero solo un poco. — Estoy bien —mentí—, ¿Quieres jugar videojuegos? —sus verdes ojos se abrieron con sorpresa. ¡Dios, que deje de ser tan tierno!. — ¿Seguro que estas bien? — ¿Y ahora por qué eso...? — Bueno...—comenzó—, has estado todo el mes evitándome, pensé que me rechazarías de nuevo. Un pequeño dolor se acentuó en mi pecho al ver que su expresión era una que nunca había visto en su aniñado rostro. — Siento eso...—suspire—, la secundaria no es tan fácil como creí, por lo que he estudiado mucho para poder pasar una prueba que es obligatoria y así no quedarme sin vacaciones... — Con que eso era. Haberlo dicho antes, tonto...—bufó, haciendo un ligero puchero con sus labios. ¿Es raro que por mi cabeza haya pasado el como se sentirá besar los labios de mi hermanito? ¿Qué sabor tendrán...? ¡¿Es qué estoy demente o solo tantos libros quemaron mis neuronas?! — Lo siento —me disculpe sinceramente. — Eso no es suficiente, debes recompensarme o no sera justo...—sus palabras sonaron completamente fuera de contexto. ¿Rescompensarlo? ¿por qué? ¿qué gano yo haciéndolo? — Hey, yo no... — Tu, si —cortó de sopetón, dejándome con la palabras en la boca. Por un momento me recordó a ese tono de cuando nos conocimos — Soy tu hermano menor y no me has dado ni un poco de tu atención en mucho tiempo. Si no me recompensas, haré el berrinche mas grande de todo el planeta Tierra y... — Ya, ya, ya...—si que era exagerado— Acepto. ¿Qué quieres que haga? — Veamos una película —¿solo era eso? Por favor. — Bien, alistare los sillones de la sala y... — No, mi querido Tom...—me detuvó— La veremos aquí. Aún no lo sabes, pero mamá y papá se fueron hace un rato a cenar con unos compañeros de la empresa, por lo que veremos una de mis tantas películas favoritas...—la ansiedad recorrió mi cuerpo y el sonrojo se acentuó ante la cercanía-exagerada- de Theo. — ¿P-películas favoritas...? —él asintió y yo trague saliva. — Ve alistando todo, le hablare a Staci para que la envie —asentí. ¿En qué lío me he metido?— Ah, y Tom...—me llamó, deteniéndome el paso—Será mejor que no huyas, recuerda que eso lo hacen los cobardes . Frunci el ceño indignado. ¿Me dijo cobarde? ¿a mi? ¡Ya verá ese enano! . . . . — ¿Y entonces ? — ¿Y-y entonces qué...? —sin quererlo, la voz me había salido completamente -mas- aguda, y la sonrisa en el rostro de mi hermano era única. Tonto. — Estoy pidiendo tu opinión acerca de la película, hermanito . Bastante macabra, ¿no crees? —gruñi bajito e infantilmente. ¡Él sabe lo mucho que ODIO con mi alma las películas de horror! ¡definitivamente es un...! — Bastante buena a decir verdad...—me limite a decir, aunque aun podía sentir mis ojos cerrándose con cada mutilación. Mis manos se habían aferrado con fuerza casi toda la película al cuerpo de mi hermano mientras este disfrutaba la vista como si de un osito cariñosito andando por las flores se tratara— Muy buenos efectos sobre todo... — ¿Y sabes qué es mejor eso eso? —negué con la cabeza aún metida entre las cobijas. Mi pequeño hermano acortó un poco la distacia entre nuestros rostros. Era algo normal entre mosotros, entonces, ¿por qué estoy tan nervioso?— Que esta basada en hecho reales...—bueno, eso ganaba con creces a lo anterior. ¡Hechos reales! ¿QUÉ? Ese enano... La risa que soltó a continuación fue tan estruendosa que por un momento pensé que tal vez no debía creerle con eso último. ¡Definitivamente casi me da un infarto! — Me iré a dormir...—gruñí demasiado bajo, aunque igualmente se que me escucho, porque su risa se detuvo por un momento. — Hey, no seas aguafiestas... ¡Leslie! Pero demasiado tarde para oirlo, ya estaba encerrado en mi habitación. . . . . Ni siquiera el leve sonido del trenecito alrededor de mi habitación, o los árboles meciendo sus hojas afuera por el aire -cosa que normalmente me arrullaba- lograba calmarme. En mis ojos solo se repetían las escenas de la película una y otra vez cada vez que cerraba mis ojos. Di mil vueltas en la cama e incluso pensé dejar la luz encendida, pero sabía que eso tampoco funcionaría. ¡Ugh! Y tampoco ayudaba mucho el hecho de que estaba solo en casa porque mis padres se habian ido a una importante cena. Claro, Theo debe estar durmiendo plácidamente en su cama, soñando con mutilaciones en 4D y una gran sonrisa en el rotro. Ese bobo. Mis ojos se cerraron a causa del cansancio poco a poco, al parecer maldecir a una personas en tu mente drena energias, y no podía estar mas agradecido con eso... O al menos hasta que escuche unos pasos venir a mi habitación. Por mi cabeza pasaron miles de cosas, desde que era un zombie, hasta un vampiro chupa sangre de niños de trece años. Si, suelo ser un poco exagerado, lo siento. Como decía, por mi cabeza pasaron eso y miles de cosas peores, pero... Solo era mi hermano menor con un adorable disfraz de conejo, aunque sin las orejas. El conejo solo estaba de estampado en su camisa. — ¿Qué haces aquí? —susurre y medio hable, quitándome las cobijas de encima. Mi cuerpo habia dejado de temblar, por suerte. — Pensé que no podrías dormir...—su confesión me tomo por sorpresa, mas no dije nada, y con una gran mueca en el rostro, hice un espacio en mi cama para él. Sonrio, corriendo a donde le indicaba. ¡NADIE DEBERÍA VERSE TAN TIERNO SONRIENDO, UGH ! El objetivo de él era ir a dormir conmigo para que estuviera tranquilo y solo eso, pero al final nos quedamos mirando fijamente hablando de cosas divertidas que venian a nuestra cabeza de la nada... compartiendo como siempre. Hasta que recorde lo de la cena de hace dos meses, y mientras luchaba por no interrumpirlo, al final acabo su relato. Debía decirselo. ¿Por qué actuó de esa forma aquel día? — Y entonces Jimbo no entendio que no debia comer esas galletas, pero al final lo hizo. ¿Y sabes qué paso...? Dolor de barriga. El peor enemigo de un bebé porque... — Theo...—interrumpí. Su cara cambio de una seria a una confusa—Disculpa que te interrumpa, pero... — ¿Pero? — Pero..., ¿puedo hacerte una pregunta? — Ya la hiciste. — Si, osea... no... osea, ¡Si, pero esa no es mi pregunta, es otra pregunta! — Dilo. — ¿Recuerdas la cena de hace dos meses? — Hey, no pienses que voy a recordar con exactitud cada cena después de las tantas que hemos tenido —pidió— sé más especifico, hermanito . — Cuando saliste del comedor porque papá preguntó que si había conocido a alguna chica... Theodore rodo los ojos, soltando un bufido por lo bajo. — Ah, ya...—suspiro— ¿y qué con eso ? — Quiero que me cuentes la razón por la que actuaste de esa forma aquel día... Su semblante estaba serio, si. Pero yo sabía bien que estaba nervioso. Desviaba mucho la mirada, cosa que no era común en él. — No lo se, estaba cansado o solo había pasado algo, no recuerdo... — Theo —le llame— Vamos, soy tu hermano, deberías tener mas confianza en mi, ¿sabes? No puedes solo... — Ese es el problema, Timothy. Soy solo tu hermano . Lo mire con la cejas fruncidas. ¿Qué trataba de decir con eso? — ¿Estas diciendome que no quieres ser mas mi hermano, o...? — No, no...—negó enseguida, y eso me hizo sentir liberado por un momento. Fue el peor susto de todos en mi vida— No odio ser tu hermano, al contrario, pero...—miro sus pequeñas manos un largo rato— El ser hermanos implica seguir reglas . Reglas que, siendo sincero, a veces quiero romper. — ¿Qué intentas decir? — No puedo —negó por segunda vez—, sería muy extraño para ti, y... — ¿Y cómo quieres que te entienda sino quieres decírmelo? — Es que ahí va otro problema, no lo entenderías...—el asunto se ponía turbio. — ¿No entenderte?, ¿por qué no lo haría? Solo dímelo... — No puedo, si lo hago ya nada sera como antes... — ¡Pero quiero saberlo, solo debes usar un par de palabras, no es para tanto! — Timothy Leslie Templeton., entiendeme por favor y no me presio... — Si no lo dices, yo...—eleve el tono de mi voz— yo... ¡Dejo de ser tu hermano! Un silencio sepulcral fue lo único que había ahí, entre nosotros. Y segundos después Theo fruncio su ceño. — Bien —aseguró—, pero no me digas que no te lo advetí... Mis ojos miraron con atención cuando sus pequeñas manitos se aferraron a mis hombros, acortando solo un poquito la distancia que nos separaba y... rozando sus dulces y vírgenes labios con los míos. Fue solo algo simple, pero igualmente dulce. Pude sentir el sabor de sus labios y él el de los mios. Y puedo decir con sinceridad que fue el mejor contacto físico que he tenido con alguien en toda mi CORTÍSIMA vida. Tenía los ojos bien grandes y un enorme sonrojo asomandose por mi rostro. ¿Qué...? — Timothy, yo... no te veo como un hermano, ¿bien? —fue lo primero que salió de sus labios luego de... eso—, yo... te quiero. Y lamento si no... Lo calle con un nuevo beso, esta vez mas duradero pero igual de inocente que el otro. Fue su momento de balbucear, por lo que reí a su reacción- Yo también te quiero, hermanito...~ . . . . — Te dije que no nos quedaramos tanto tiempo. Los niños no han cenado y eso no bueno para su metabolismo...—el hombre acalló a su mujer con un dulce ' shh ' mientras hacia una seña para que se acercara a él. La castaña no calmo su semblante sino hasta que miro lo que su esposo. Sus dos bellos retoños descansaban en la amplia cama de su hijo mayor, abrazados y bien cobijados, soltando suaves ronquidos que daban a saber con facilidad que llevaban así un buen rato. La sonrisa, tan maternal como ella misma solo podía hacerla, se amplió por su joven rostro para poder acercarse a sus dos bellos hijos y dejar un beso suave y tierno en la frente de cada uno. Su esposo le siguió, haciendo lo mismo que ella pero agregando que le revolvió con ternura los cabellos al durmiente par. Era bueno saber que se llevaban bien. Y en un par de años, sin saberlo, se llevarían más que bien . . . . . Hola, soy Elii~ Y bueno, aquí traigo una pequeña historia de la nueva y hermosa ship de \"Un jefe en pañales\" Y si, soy tan enferma como para hacer un fanfic de ellos, superenlo.(?) Y bueno, no hay mucho que pueda decir en verdad. Solo que este one-shot (porque en verdad no se si llamarlo así), es para todas las bellas personitas del grupo \"Billdip-Ectofeature-Tomco-JackBynny-etc\". Son muy lindas en verdad, espero que les guste leerlo tanto como a mi me divirtió escribirlo . Les quiero Y pues nada, sin decir mas yo me despido xD De antemano agradeciendo si dejan un bello review, fav, etc~ UvU Nos vemos después con otro bello fic de estos dos :'DD ~Chau~ ","Summary":" Hola, bellas criaturas del mundo terrenal. Mi nombre es Elii, y bueno, les traigo un pequeño y boni"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Alma","Author":"Faastudillo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11576895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alma Alma era una niña muy, muy curiosa. Siempre estaba tomando todo y entrometiéndose en todo lo que le llamaba la atención, lo que generalmente le traía algún problema. Alma no era la única hija, ella vivía junto con su madre y su hermana mayor, en una pequeña casita de un pueblo italiano bastante escondido llamado Portofino. Mamá e Isabella se pasaban la mayoría del tiempo trabajando en el puerto vendiendo artesanías para que todas pudieran comer. Un día de invierno, sucedió algo poco común en Portofino: La temperatura bajó más de lo antes registrado, y del cielo comenzaron a caer pequeños copos de nieve. A penas comenzó a nevar, Alma e Isabella encendieron la radio para saber si había noticias sobre la escuela, y como nunca antes, se enteraron por esta que aquel día se suspendían las clases. -¡Qué bien!- dijeron las dos junto a mamá. -Hoy Alma no tendrá escuela, y seguro los turistas no vendrán al puerto a causa de la nevada, ¡ahora podremos quedarnos las tres en casa para estar juntas!- Dijo su madre. Alma con todo el panorama se puso muy feliz, y apenas recibió todas esas buenas noticias corrió para salir a jugar en la nieve. Ya pasado un tiempo de jugar afuera, Alma comenzó a sentir mucho frío, por lo que quiso volver al calor de su casa. –Tal vez la nieve no era tan divertida como parecía- dijo Alma. Así, comenzó a buscar qué hacer dentro de su hogar. Como Isabella había ganado un día de no ir a trabajar, se puso manos a la obra y quiso aprovechar el tiempo para ordenar su habitación. Alma, que era tan curiosa, en seguida quiso entrar a la habitación de Isabella para averiguar qué pasaba. – ¿Qué estás haciendo?-, le preguntó Alma a Isabella. –Aprovecho de limpiar toda mi habitación-. Con lo inquieta que era Alma, se le hacía imposible seguir su rumbo hacia su propia habitación, y se internó en la pieza con Isabella. De repente, Alma descubrió que Isabella había dejado una hermosa muñeca de porcelana encima de la cama mientras limpiaba, la que llamó mucho su atención. – ¿Y ésta quién te la dio?- le preguntó a Isabella. –Me la regaló papá unos días antes de que se fuera, por eso la guardo con mucho cuidado, ya que es de lo poco que nos queda de él y la fabricó él mismo para mí-. Alma volvió a hacerle aquella pregunta que ninguna de las tres nunca supo responder: -¿Por qué crees que se fue?-. A lo que Isabella le contestó: -Ya te dije Alma, no lo sé-. Esta respuesta ya no le causaba extrañeza a Alma, y sin tener nada más que decir, dejó la muñeca a orillas de la cama y se largó. Luego de que ya pasara una buena parte del día, y de que dejara de nevar, Alma, aburrida de estar en casa, pidió permiso a su mamá para salir a caminar. Su madre le dijo que sí, pero que no se alejara tanto por si volvía a nevar. Así, Alma emprendió su camino por las calles de Portofino. Poco después de caminar un rato, Alma encontró algo que nuevamente le llamó mucho la atención: Una gran pizarra negra construida en el muro, repleta de nombres que seguramente registraron las mismas personas que transitaron por allí. Asique Alma, que era tan inquieta, se lanzó a hacer lo mismo, tomando una tiza de las que quedaban encima, y escribiendo su nombre. A penas escribió su nombre en la pizarra, como solía pasarle con su atención, volvió a fijarse en algo diferente: esta vez se trataba de un tienda de muñecas de porcelana muy misteriosa, que en su vitrina modelaba una muñeca muy, muy particular, ya que esta vestía igual que Alma, y hasta tenía la piel, los ojos y el cabello del mismo color que ella. – ¡Es una muñeca de mí!- dijo Alma, pero apenas fijó la vista en su propia ropa para comprobar la similitud, la muñeca desapareció. Entonces, Alma corrió hasta la puerta para intentar entrar y tomarla. Sin embargo, la puerta no se abría por mucho que la forzara, hasta que enojada tomó un copo de nieve y lo lanzó hacia ésta antes marcharse. Pero justo cuando dio la media vuelta para largarse la puerta se abrió. Entonces Alma quiso regresar, y se devolvió para descubrir de qué se trataba la existencia de aquella muñequita. Fue así como Alma entró a la misteriosa tienda, al principio con un poco de miedo, pero impulsada por su característica curiosidad e inquietud. Alma cruzó la puerta, y de inmediato sintió un brusco cambio al rededor, pareciera que adentro hacía incluso más frío que afuera, y se sintió intimidada por las cientos de muñecas y muñecos que de pronto descubrió que la rodeaban. Sin embargo, Alma se olvidó de aquello en un instante, ya que nuevamente su atención era atraída por la peculiar muñeca que se parecía tanto a ella, y que esta vez se posaba sobre una mesa central. Alma se quiso acercar para tomarla, pero cuando estaba a punto de agarrarla tropezó con un muñeco que pedaleaba una bicicleta en miniatura. Alma lo levantó, y éste echó vuelo a su pedal dirigiéndose hacia la puerta, la que sin la fuerza de nadie se cerró, evitando que este muñeco escapara. El muñeco continuó insistiendo golpeando la puerta, pero Alma no olvidaba su última intención, por lo que volvió con su mirada al mesón en que se encontraba la muñeca similar a ella, la que nuevamente había desaparecido. Alma comenzó a mirar a todas partes buscando la peculiar muñeca, hasta que la encontró ahora sentada como una más de las muñecas de las enormes repisas que cubrían la pared. Fue así como Alma, poseída por la atracción que le generaba esta, comenzó a escalar por las repisas para alcanzarla, hasta que apenas al hacer el primer contacto con ella algo extraño sucedió: Alma ya no miraba hacia la muñeca, ahora su vista se posaba desde las repisas hacia el resto de la habitación. Alma sentía que no se podía mover ni podía hablar, y sólo los ojos podía manejar: Se había convertido en la muñeca. -¡Qué pasa!, ¡¿qué me sucedió?!-, gritaba Alma en su interior, hasta que en medio de su desesperación escuchó que alguien le decía: -Escribiste tu nombre en la pizarra. Activaste el hechizo-. Alma, sin comprender de dónde venía aquella voz y cómo era que alguien la pudo haber escuchado desde su interior contestó: -¿Qué hechizo?, ¿de qué se trata todo esto?-. De pronto, esa voz vino de nuevo, y al mirar alrededor Alma descubrió que provenía de una pequeña muñeca de rasgos asiáticos que se sentaba junto a ella. La pequeña le dijo: -El vendedor de muñecas había perdido popularidad, la gente ya no compraba sus productos porque a pesar de que fueran artesanales, les parecían todas iguales y sin originalidad, entonces prefirieron comenzar a comprar las que eran fabricadas por grandes industrias. Por esto el vendedor hizo un pacto con un brujo para que lo ayudara a repuntar-. -¿Y cuál fue el pacto?- Preguntó en seguida Alma. –Consistía en que el brujo entregaría el don de la máxima creatividad al artesano, a cambio de que éste no saliera más de la tienda y así se quedara para servirle en lo que deseara. Piero aceptó sin pensarlo bien, pero cuando se dio cuenta de lo que había hecho quiso regresar a casa por última vez para dejarles a sus hijas una muñeca de porcelana con dinero suficiente en su interior para que crecieran sin que nada les faltara, el mismo dinero que ganó en sus días de máxima popularidad. El problema fue que con esto rompió el pacto, y el brujo como castigo le quitó el don. Así, el brujo cambió el hechizo por la posibilidad de fabricar una muñeca sin igual por cada persona que escriba su nombre en la pizarra que esta fuera de la tienda. Sí Alma, esa pizarra es una lista para convertirse en las muñecas del brujo, y Piero hoy te trató de ayudar cuando quitó de tu vista tu muñeca- le explicó esta vez la miniatura asiática. De repente, Alma sintió que se elevaba en las manos de alguien, y una voz de impotencia resonó en sus oídos: -¡Oh Bethlem!, ¡con esto fuiste demasiado lejos! Si quieres, toma mi vida como pago, pero deja que Alma regrese a casa-. Alma no entendía por qué el vendedor le daba esa importancia tan particular, hasta que de pronto sintió que el nombre \"Piero\" le sonaba bastante familiar. En un instante, Alma recordó a quién pertenecía ese nombre, y con la misma rapidez en que palpitaba su nuevo corazón de muñeca posó sus ojos sobre el rostro del artesano: Era papá. ","Summary":" Alma Alma era una niña muy, muy curiosa. Siempre estaba tomando todo y entrometiéndose en todo lo q"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Disaster short film","Author":"Super saiyan God","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9081269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disaster Paige,was announcing the games on TV,and exclaimed the 500,000 thosand dollar reward. Signing up meant no turning Jr.s got all signed up,later that was only four compeitors, this year and evryone was watching on tv Arriona,Paige,Dayline and Carline were the , four this year hey,what in the world that will make it easier to this is a very dangerous sport they want the chance of a is just a quick ''thing'' to tell about the film situation. Paige is the hatred one,Arionna is the little sister of Dayline and,Carline is just a freind who plays an important all meet in The back of the disaster TV set after someone of the crew has a Disaster crisis struck at of the crew get hurt through out the film but one will win one will surpass and one will get the money prize,(unless Paige does'nt kill them all for it). But in the end one will win can you guess who,just send me a comment and watch the film i you for your views watch on youtube type in Disaster short film my youtube name is shanika west. ","Summary":" Disaster Paige,was announcing the games on TV,and exclaimed the 500,000 thosand dollar reward. Sign"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Hiro x reader","Author":"Hirelsa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11197053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lalalalala ","Summary":" Lalalalala"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Can You Trust Me","Author":"Funkfood4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11541631","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Steve ","Summary":" Steve"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Spider-man","Author":"Angela5263","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10363889","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fan fiction It was 9 o'clock, Mary Jane Watson lies on her bed, her finger runs through her hair with her eyes directly stares at the ceiling. She has waited for her neighbor for 3 hours, where has he been to? The school was already closed at 6! Thinking of this, Mary jumps out of her bed to get her phone to call her neighbor. \"Power off? What the hell?\" Mary anxiously throws her phone on her bed, \"He promised to help me with my homework today!\" At this time, Mary suddenly hears the sound of opening door, she rushes out her home but see the door closing in front of her. \"Peter Benjamin Parker, Open the door! How could you just blow me of?\" Mary thumps the door. \"Don't be angry, Mary\", Peter opens the door but only opens a little crack, \"I had to deal with some emergency, I will compensate you someday.\" Looking at peter's guilty face, Mary almost switches off her angry but still pouts and says, \"I freely forgive you this time; if you ever do this again I will never talk to you again.\" Mary reaches out to push the door but finds that Peter holds the door fiercely and Mary cannot push it anymore. She becomes angry again, \"What the hell are you doing, Peter? Is there something you are not telling me?\" Peter becomes panic and keeps shaking his head. Mary puts out all her strength and pushes the door again. Peter's tread stumbled behind several step and fall down on the ground. Mary walks into his home and smiles with satisfaction. Peter gets up from the ground and pulls his coat tighter. Although Peter reacts quickly, eagle-eyed Mary still notices that Peter wears a red and blue tight inside his coat. Mary is surprised of Peter's suits but doesn't find some clues immediately. When peter notices Mary's vision, he turned back and hurriedly running back to his room. \"Wired person\" Mary mumbles, disgruntled walking back to her home. Sitting on the bed, Mary is still thinking of Peter's strange suits. Why the clothes look so familiar to me? It seems that I have seen it before…Suddenly, an impossible thought appears in Mary's mind. She turns out yesterday's newspaper; a huge photo of spider man was directly in the middle of the newspaper. Mary carefully look at it again and again, associating with the wound that appears on Peter's body untimely, Mary begins to confirm that Peter has some relation with the Spider man. But it is too early to make the conclusion now, Mary decides to make a longer observation. The next morning, Mary gets up early than usual and waits for Peter outside his home to go to school together. When Peter comes out from his home and finds Mary is there, his face becomes awkward and try not to make eye connection with Mary. Mary laughs in her heart but try to acts like usual. They gets on the school bus, Peter looks around to find someone and when he sees a girl sitting beside the window, his eyes shone and rapidly rush to there. \"Hi Gwen, did you have a nice sleep yesterday?\" Peter softly speaks to the girl next to him, who is his girlfriend. Mary is very upset, she doesn't understand why Peter is so attractive by that girl that seems ten years older than him. Time passes quickly, when the last class of the day ended, Mary must go home, the place that she doesn't want to stay for one second. Her father is a self-centered alcoholics, the only good thing of him is after he got drunk he will scold very loud but he never hit them, her mother is very sensitive that some slightly unsatisfactory things will make her cry and his sister, after a failed marriage, she became more vitriolic, all Mary had think about as a young child was to go a city that far away from her family to study. Therefore, she began to secretly do some part-time job to earn money. She sighs and looks at the clock on the wall, the pointer is pointed at eleven and she still didn't have the dinner. When Mary thinks of to go out and buy some food, her bedroom door is busted through roughly, \"Mary! Go out and buy some food back! I'm starving!\" Its Mary's sister. Mary reluctantly put on her clothes and leaves the house. This is not the first time she ran out at night to buy something to eat, and is also not the first time to be stopped by the scamp. She calmly takes out an electric baton from her packet and fiercely stared at these people who blocks her way. \"I'm not that kind of girl that will scared by you guys,\" Mary's voice is like the coldest ice in winter, \"get out of my way, now!\" \"Sweetie, put down the baton, that is not a toy for girls.\" One of the scamps slowly walks to Mary and says. Mary looks around and finds this time there are more than ten people surround her and seems not like some street hooligan that just want to rob her money. Mary feels that something is fishy here but she has no choice to run off now. Those people rapidly approaching Mary and force her to a corner. Mary holds the baton and tries to beat them but how could she fight with 10 burly men. In a moment of hopelessness and despair, Mary closes her eyes and decides to be guided by destiny. But after a few minutes, nothing happens and Mary heard a scream. She opens her eyes and finds that three men lied on the ground and the others are fighting with… the spider man! Mary rubs her eyes and looks at the man again and make sure that is exactly the spider man! Mary stays steadily and watches spider man fight with those people. Now she almost confirm that the spider man is peter otherwise he won't appears here just right the time when she is in danger. The spider man uses his thread to twine those people and take them fly to the sky and let them fall down from there. Spider man looks at those people with satisfaction but doesn't notice that there is a man hide behind him wearing black clothes. The man suddenly rushes to the spider man and hit him to the ground. This unexpected attack makes spider man lose his aggressively for a time, Mary is shocked by this emergency and run to him but stopped by a laser that shoot from the black man. Then the black man runs to the spider man and bites her shoulder. When Mary finds the spider man, he is still lies on the ground. \"Peter! Oh, I mean Spider man, how are you? Are you still alive?\" Mary wobbles spider man's body. \"Ah…I'm fine.\" Spider man answers behind his mask. When spider man begins to talk, Mary make sure again that the spider man is Peter. Even though he deliberately depresses his voice, Mary can still recognize that is Peter's voice. Mary helps spider man to stand up and pretend that she doesn't who he is. \"Do you need I take you home?\" Peter asked with a depressed voice. \"Sure, Mr. Spider\" Mary try to endure to smile which makes her face looks extremely strange. Then the spider man holds Mary and flies between the high-rise buildings. When they got home, Mary asked Peter, \"How do you know my home address? I don't tell you.\" \"Eh…Eh…I…\" Peter's panic and can't say a whole sentence. \"Haha, I'm kidding. You're spider man right? I'm sure you know everything in this city. Thank you, Mr. Spider, have a nice dream.\" Mary rescue him from a siege and walk in to her house. She hide herself behind the curtain and looks through the window. With no doubt, peter flies around the street and then back to the house beside Mary, opening the door with great care. Mary is so happy that she make sure peter is the spider man, now she is exhaustive falling in love with him. \"Damn it, if he doesn't have a girlfriend, everything will be better!\" Mary abuses and silently walks upstairs to make sure she won't wake her sister and parents. Otherwise they must scold her about she didn't bring food back. On the contrary, Peter is not happy in his house. He took off the spider man clothes and checks the wound bite by the black man in front of the mirror. The wound is deep purple, two marks of teeth is still very clearly on the wound. Peter gets caught into this wired thing, what group the black man belongs to? What does he want? And why they put Mary as the bait to attract him. Peter gets no clue to explain these; he exhausted lying on the bed and gradually enters the dreamland. Three months later. Tomorrow is the graduation ceremony of their high school and Peter is just squabbles with Gewn because she is not going to the graduate party and doesn't want to tell him why. Peter sits on the sofa depressed, thinking of why Gewn becomes much colder to him these days. His phone rings, it is Mary invited him to be her dance parter tomorrow. Without thinking, Peter sent a \"yes\" back. \"Whatever, since Gwen doesn't come, I will be the partner of Mary\" They appoint to go to choose the full dress together. Peter stands up and turns himself to the mirror, these three months he feels his body is changing and sometimes there is a strange warm current run through his heart. He guesses that is related to the wound, but he still doesn't find any clue about that. \"Ding-Dong. Peter, it's Mary, are you ready to go now?\" Mary knocks the door. \"I'm coming!\" Peter moves his eyes from the mirror and picks one T-shirt on the sofa to dress in. When they walk on the street, Mary inquires whether Gwen will go to the party or not but Peter doesn't answer her. \"Well, maybe no, otherwise you won't accept my invention.\" As Peter didn't answer the question, Mary makes a self-mockery. Peter frowns and speaks to Mary, \"You know what? Gwen acts really strange these days and I can't figure out why. You are my best friend and maybe you can help me.\" Mary is very disappointed after Peter's words, she doesn't understand why Peter is so attractive by Gwen. However, she still smiles to Peter and pretends as a bosom friend. \"Ha-ha, how could I know her feeling? Maybe you did something that make her upset and you didn't realize.\" \"But I did nothing, I…\" Peter tries to explain to Mary but obviously Mary doesn't want to be the audient, so she tugs Peter entering in a dress shop. Suddenly, a familiar figure came into his sight, it seems like Gwen but Gwen never wears black dress and if she is Gwen, who is the guy stand beside her? With all the doubts, Peter runs to catch up them. \"Hey, I'm sorry to disturb you,\" Peter speaks to the two person, and after they turn around, Peter finds that the girl is directly his girlfriend-Gwen. And the man stands beside Gwen, who makes Peter shocks is the black man that hit him three months ago. As long as Peter saw him, he has no time to think why Gwen stays with that man but tugs Gwen to stand behind him. He keeps his voice down and says, \"I am keep finding you for three months and I don't know why you pick on me. If you ever dare to hurt my girlfriend, I will never let you go.\" \"Wow, take it easy Mr. Spider, I'm not going to hurt her. Actually, we are good friends, right? Miss Gwen.\" Looking at Peter's Confusing face, the black man makes a satisfied smile and disappears in the corner. Peter is going to catch him but he's stopped by Gwen. Peter looks at Gwen and tries to find answers on her face, but there is no emotion on Gwen's face. \"Don't you think you should explain something to me? You told me you have some important thing to do and then you go to meet this man? Do you know that he hits me three months ago? What are you think about?\" Peter asks a series of question to Gwen and makes Gwen very upset. \"Do you think you should give me some privacy?\" Gwen said. Peter has no idea of why Gwen becomes like this, he stands there and seeing Gwen takes a taxi to leave. He stands still until Mary touches him. \"Are you ok?\" Mary asks. \"Yep, Mary but I think I'm not at the right mood to go to the party. Maybe you can find a new partner, I'm sure there are lots of boys want to be your partner as you are so beautiful in the dress. Sorry.\" Peter said with guilty but he just fined some important clue and he must go to figure them out. Peter runs back to his home, he touches his wound and some bad thoughts appears in his mind. When Gwen stopped him from catching up the black man, Peter clearly saw that there is also a wound on Gwen's shoulder and looks a same as Peter's. The only different is Gwen's wound is much deeper and with darker color. He now believes that Gwen and he are attacked by the same group and Gwen seems already stands on the black man's side. He guesses that because he has a huge power in his body so the wound does not start to hurt him. Peter arrives his home and without rest he puts on the spider clothes flying out of the window. ","Summary":" Fan fiction It was 9 o'clock, Mary Jane Watson lies on her bed, her finger runs through her hair wi"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Second (Chapter 1)","Author":"exoluvluv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11107605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Second (Chapter 1) Tittle : Second (Chapter 1) Cast : Kim Joonmyeon Cha Yoon Seo And Others Rating : T Genre : Romance Orang mengatakan bahwa masa lalu hanyalah masa lalu, tapi bagaimana jika masa lalu mu terulang? Bagaimana jika seseorang yang sama datang di kehidupan mu? Kim Joonmyeon adalah seorang penulis besar dan bukunya bestseller di seluruh toko buku, mempunyai banyak fans kurang lebih. Buku pertamanya yang berjudul 'Tangisan di akhir bulan Desember' sangat menyentuh pembaca dan kemudian buku keduanya 'Kenangan dibawah gunung salju' membuat para pembaca tersenyum sendiri Tanpa ada yang mengetahui bahwa semua buku itu tercipta karena seorang gadis di masa lalu lebih tepatnya kekasihnya Joonmyeon menapaki kakinya ke sebuah gundukan besar bertulis Lee Jinah di batu nisanㅡia tersenyum, sudah lama sekali Joonmyeon tidak berkunjung kesini sejak debutnya sebagai penulis dan mendapat perhatian banyak dari masyarakat yang membuat ia semakin sibuk \"Sudah lama kita tidak bertemu Jinah, maafkan baru mengunjungimu\" Joonmyeon tersenyum lalu menaruh sebuket bunga mawar putih diatas makam kekasihnya Lee Jinahㅡkekasih Kim Joonmyeon yang meninggal karena kebodohan Joonmyeon Beberapa orang mengatakan bahwa Jinah meninggal bukan karena dirinya melainkan takdirnya, sudah waktunya Tuhan untuk mengambilnya. Joonmyeon bersikeras kekasihnya meninggal karenanya, jika saja ia tidak sibuk menulis novelnya di malam tahun baru kejadian itu tidak akan pernah terjadi Tanggal 31 desember adalah hari jadinya ke 1 tahun bersama sang kekasih, dan tragisnya di tanggal juga ia kehilangan sang kekasihㅡtertabrak truk yang bermuatan bahan bakar pada saat perjalanan menuju taman yang dijanjikan oleh Joonmyeon untuk merayakan hari jadinya Dan setelah kejadian itu, rasa sedih dan kecewa terus menghantam hatinya terlebih saat tahun baru, yang seharusnya diisi senyuman dan doa ia lebih memilih terdiam di balkon rumahnya dan menangis, selalu seperti itu setiap tahun \"Sebentar lagi akhir Desember, ah aku sangat membeci saat-saat ini\" Ia mendongakkan kepalanya ke langit \"Aku benci saat-saat itu terulang Jinah, maafkan aku...\" Buliran air mata mulai mengalir membentuk sungai kecil di pipi Joonmyeon \"Maafkan aku\" Joonmyeon memeluk batu nisan sang kekasih sambil terus terisak, mengucapkan berkali-kali kata maaf tanpa bosan seakan seperti perbuatan dosa besar yang ia perbuat tapi baginya ini adalah perbuatan dosa besar, meninggalkan kekasihnya di malam tahun baru dan malam dimana pertama kali mereka berbagi kasih setelah Joonmyeon menyatakan perasaannya terhadap sang kekasihㅡlalu kecelakaan itu terjadi dan Joonmyeon tidak disana untuk menolong, ia tidak bisa memaafkan dirinya sendiri \"Jinah tak bisakah kau muncul sekali saja di hadapanku, kau bahkan tidak datang ke mimpiku, aku sangat merindukan mu sampai-sampai aku ingin bunuh diri agar dapat bertemu denganmu\" Permohonan bodoh yang Joonmyeon selalu ucapkan saat mengunjungi makam Jinah, permohonan yang tak pernah terkabul bahkan saat ia ucapkan pada malam tahun baru \"Semoga kau tenang disana, sayangku\" Joonmyeon berdiri lalu menatap makam sang kekasih \"Aku selalu mencintaimu\" dan kemudian ia pergi menjauh dari pemakaman Suasana di sebuah toko buku di kawasan Seoul sudah sangat ramai, penulis terkenal bernama Kim Joonmyeon mengadakan fansigning kecil-kecilan, para penggemar mulai berbaris rapih di depan meja dengan memegang buku terbaru Joonmyeon yang terbit bulan lalu Joonmyeon menyalami setiap penggemar yang meminta tanda tangannya dan menberikan senyuman terbaiknya, dan di tengah fansigning berlangsung matanya tak sengaja menangkap seorang perempuan yang berdiri di sudut toko buku, kedua mata Joonmyeon terus menatapi perempuan tanpa berkedip. Sedetik kemudian dia menyadari sesuatu, mata, hidung serta bentuk wajahnya Astaga! Dunia seakan berhenti menyisakan Joonmyeon yang terus menatapi perempuan itu, apakah dia kekasihnya? Apakah Tuhan mengirim kembali kekasihnya ke dunia? \"Joonmyeon Oppa\" samar-samar ia mendengar salah satu fansnya dan kemudian ia tersadar \"Ah maafkan aku, baiklah siapa namamu?\" Joonmyeon sedikit mencuri pandangan ke arah sudut toko buku dan perempuan itu tidak ada, ia menghela napas pelan Mungkin hanya khayalanku, ya, Jinah tidak akan pernah kembali ke dunia dia sudah tenang berada di surga . . . \"Yo! Joonmyeon Hyung!\" suara bass milik seorang lelaki tinggi mengagetkan lamunannya, ah itu pasti Chanyeol. Saudaranya yang paling tidak bisa diam \"Ayolah Hyung! Ini malam tahun baru kau seharusnya bersenang-senang\" Chanyeol melingkarkan tangannya yang besar ke pundak Joonmyeon \"Kau tahu kan aku paling tidak suka dengan malam tahun baru\" lirih Joonmyeon Chanyeol menghela napasnya, ia sudah tahu kalau Hyungnya akan begini saat malam tahun baru \"Kau kira Jinah noona akan bahagia disana jika kau terus murung seperti ini\" Joonmyeon menengok ke arah Chanyeol \"Lalu aku harus bersenang-senang begitu? Aku merasa akan lebih bersalah jika aku seperti itu, lagipula untuk apa aku bersenang-senang saat malam tahun baru dan pada akhirnya aku merasa sendiri\" \"Kau bodoh sekali Hyung, Kau hanya memikirkan perasaanmu sendiri, asal kau tahu saja\" \"Maksudmu?\" \"Kau hanya memikirkan perasaanmu sendiri Hyung! Kau bahkan tidak memikirkan perasaan Jinah Noona, dia hanya ingin yang terbaik untukmu, dia ingin kau bahagia walau tidak ada disampingmu, jika kau terus murung seperti ini hanya akan membuat Jinah Noona khawatir dan tidak tenang\" Jelas Chanyeol menggebu, dia mengerti perasaan Hyungnya hanya saja dia sudah tidak tahan dengan sikap Hyungnya yang selalu murung terutama saat malam tahun baru Joonmyeon terdiam tanpa kata yang membuat Chanyeol ingin menjambak rambutnya sendiri \"Ayolah Hyung, Jinah Noona pasti bahagia jika melihatmu bahagia\" rengek Chanyeol \"Baiklah, aku ikut denganmu\" Chanyeol nyengir lebar lalu melingkarkan tangannya ke pundak Joonmyeon \"Nah, kau pasti tidak akan menyesal ikut denganku Hyung\" Chanyeol membawa Joonmyeon ke sebuah taman dekat apertemennya, disana sudah ada beberapa teman mereka seperti Luhan, Kris, Sehun, Baekhyun dan Jongin yang tengah membakar jagung dan menyiapkan kembang api \"Hei bro!\" Chanyeol mendudukan dirinya disamping Kris \"Hei Chanyeol\" Kris menyapa balik Chanyeol lalu melihat kerah Joonmyeon \"Kau kesini juga?\" \"Aku diseret kemari oleh bocah ini\" Joonmyeon melirik sebal kearah Chanyeol Kris hanya tertawa kecil \"Chanyeol melakukan hal yang benar, kau tidak boleh bermurung terus, dia pasti khawatir\" Kris memberikan Jagung yang sudah dibakar \"Apa kau mau?\" \"Ya aku tahu, Chanyeol sudah memberi tahu tentang itu\" Joonmyeon menerima jagungnya \" Thanks , btw\" \"Tidak masalah, bagaimana dengan pekerjaanmu? Sepertinya semakin lama kau semakin terkenal saja hm\" Tanya Kris sedikit menggodanya dengan kata 'terkenal' \"Biasa saja, semakin sibuk sudah pasti, kecuali...\" \"Kecuali apa?\" Joonmyeon terdiam sebentar \"Aku melihat seorang perempuan mirip sekali dengan Jinah\" \"Benarkah? Dimana?\" tanya Kris memastikan \"Saat aku mengadakan fansigning di salah satu toko buku, aku melihat seorang perempuan di sudut toko buku, dia sangat mirip dengan Jinah, matanya, hidungnya bahkan bentuk wajahnya mirip bukan mirip lagi itu pasti Jinah! Tuhan mengirim Jinah kembali kesini karena tahu kalau aku tidak dapat hidup tanpanya\" Omongan gila Joonmyeon mulai, apakah Kris harus membawa Joonmyeon kerumah sakit jiwa eh? \"Ayolah Joonmyeon, itu pasti hanya khalayanmu mungkin kau terlalu lelah\" ujar Kris \"Awalnya aku berpikir seperti itu tapi semakin ku pikir dia semakin mirip dengan Jinah\" ujar Joonmyeon ngotot \"Mungkin saja itu hanya orang lain yang mirip dengan Jinah, jangan terlalu dipikirkan oke?\" Kris berusaha membuat Joonmyeon sedikit tenang karena ia bercerita dengan sangat menggebu-gebu Joonmyeon hanya mengagguk, walau dipikirannya masih terbesit sosok perempuan itu \"Hei kembang api akan segera dimulai\" Jongin memberi tahu kepada mereka \"Ayo Hyung, kau kan jarang melihat kenbang api\" Joonmyeon berjalan pelan lalu melirik kerah teman-temannya yang mulai menyalakan kembang api termasuk Chanyeol dan Kris, Ia mendongakkan kepalanya menatap langit yang sebentar lagi akan dihiasi oleh kembang api 1 2 3 Suara ledakan kembang api terdengar begitu nyaring ditelinganya, ia menutup matanya seakan berusaha agar tidak teringat oleh masa lalu tapi semakin ia tidak ingin mengingat memori bersama Jinah semakin memberontak untuk masuk dalam otaknya Di akhir Desember lah Joonmyeon mendapatkan Jinah Di akhir Desember lah Joonmyeon kehilangan Jinah Otaknya dengan cepat memproses segala memori yang masuk dan membentuk sebuah bayangan akan masa lalunya. Bayangan dimana dirinya dan Jinah mengunjungi pantai saat musim panas Bayangan dimana dirinya dan Jinah mengunjungi Lotte World untuk bermain Bayangan akan bagimana sang kekasih tersenyum dan tertawa Joonmyeon mulai terisak, air matanya tak berhenti untuk mengalir di pipinya, perasaan akan kecewa mulai masuk dan menghantam hatinya \"Kembang apinya sangat indah!\" Joonmyeon terhenti isakkannya saat mendengar suara seorang perempuan dan menengok ke samping kana, matanya membulat kitika melihat seorang perempuan tengah mendongak menatap langit dengan senyuman cerahnya. Tidakㅡperempuan itu adalah perempuan yang berada di fansigning nya kemarin dan memiliki wajah yang mirip dengan kekasihnya, Ia menatap gadis itu dalam Merasa diperhatikan perempuan itu menengok kearahnya dan tersenyum kikuk sambil menggaruk belakang kepalanya lalu menunduk kecil \"Maaf jika suaraku terlalu keras\" Joonmyeon menghentikan tatapan dan tersenyum \"Tidak apa-apa, aku hanya sedikit terkejut\" Perempuan itu menunduk sekali sebagai permohonan maaf \"Maaf jika itu membuatmu tidak nyaman\" Lelaki berambut cokelat tua itumenggeleng cepat \"Tidak, sungguh tidak apa-apa\" Perempuan itu tersenyumㅡJoonmyeon menyadari bahwa perempuan itu memiliki senyuman yang sama dengan Jinah Tidak Joonmyeon, dia bukan Jinah \"Ngomong-ngomong siapa namamu?\" Dengan reflek bibir Joonmyeon terbuka dan sedetik kemudian ia menyadari \"M-maksudku..\" Perempuan itu tertawa kecil \"Namaku Cha Yoon Seo, kau sendiri?\" Joonmyen tergagap \"A-aku Kim Joonmyeon\" Kedua mata Yoon Seoㅡnama gadis itu melebar \"Kau Joonmyeon?\" ia menunjuk lelaki didepannya \"Kau penulis bukan?\" Joonmyeon mengernyit lalu mengangguk \"Iya, bagaimana kau bisa tahu? Kau fansku ya?\" Yoon Seo tertawa mungkin sedikit nada meledek \"Tidak, tapi aku menyukai bukumu yang berjudul Youthful, sungguh sangat mengesankan\" pujinya sedikit Jinah juga menyukai bukunya yang satu itu \"Hanya itu? Bagaimana dengan bukuku yang lain?\" Yoon Seo tampak sedikit berpikir sambil menaruh jari telunjuknya di bawah bibirnya \"Mm.. Aku hanya menyukai Youthful\" ia kemudian menyengir \"Aku tidak terlalu suka mengoleksi buku ngomong-ngomong\" Joonmyeon hanya mendengus pelan \"Yasudah tidak apa-apa, aku tidak akan memaksamu\" ia merapatkan jaket hijaunya yang tebal \"Selamat tahun baru, ngomong-ngomong\" \"Selamat tahun baru juga untukmu Tuan penulis\" ucapnya sedikit nada menggoda lalu tertawa \"Aku tak menyangka bisa mengobrol denganmu, apa aku harus memberitahu teman ku yang notabennya sebagai fansmu jika aku bertemu dengan mengobrol denganmu?\" \"Temanmu tidak akan mempercayaimu, aku yakin temanmu akan mengatakan 'Tentu saja tidak mungkin, kau ini sedang bermimpi ya?' seperti itu\" ejeknya \"Sesungguhnya bertemu denganku adalah hal yang sulit\" yYoon Seo mendengus sebal \"Dasar percaya diri, aku tidak akan menjadi fansmu\" \"Aku juga tidak ingin memiliki fans seperti mu\" Joonmyeon menyilangkan tangannya didepan dadanya \"Tidak ada untungnya memiliki fans sepertimu\" Yoon Seo menghentakkan kakinya kesal \"Aku akan pergi\" lalu membalikkan badannya dan pergi meninggalkan lelaki itu Joonmyeon hanya tersenyum memandang punggung Yoon Seo yang mulai menjauh darinya, ia merasa bahwa perempuan itu memiliki sisi yang berbeda walaupun mempunyai bentuk wajah yang sama dengan Jinah-nya tapi tidak ia pungkiri bahwa Yoon Seo dan Jinah memiliki selera yang sama juga Mungkin saja itu Jinah tapi ia berusaha menutupi sedikit sifat aslinya agar tidak ketahuan Joonmyeon menepis pikiran bodohnya, tidakㅡtidak mungkin \"Lebih baik aku pulang saja\" TBC ","Summary":" Second (Chapter 1) Tittle : Second (Chapter 1) Cast : Kim Joonmyeon Cha Yoon Seo And Others Rating "},{"Movie":".45","Title":"NightStars Life Ch 2","Author":"NightMareRulze2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10218849","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NightStars Life Ch. 2 Dream I got up and ran to my room to find a note on my book bag that let me know that Razor packed my book bag as usually so i grabbed it and ran to the kitchen and grabbed my keys and then i ran to the door. I slammed the door close only to open it and locking it before re slamming it again. I race to my blue Hyundai and threw my book bag in the back seat. I pressed the start button, put in drive and took of driving. I flipped a switch on my dashboard and a portal popped up out in front of me and i raced in. I was lucky i found a parking spot. I dashed out of the car and raced to my car and onto the training field where we practice magic. I ran up to my teacher panting uncontrollably. \"Sorry i'm late\" i said after catching my breath. \"Are you okay? \"She asked calmly. \"Yes ma'am i respond tiredly.\" \"Well, since your here,\"she paused. \"Let's begin practice\"she yelled to the others now Jackson listen the teacher said. I focused on the bleachers where the most blood curling and scariest Lords ever sat. But, i decided to ignore it and thunked about that dream. I had a dream about my mom telling RoseMary the legendary NightMare to turn me into a NightMare so i can be apart of her family so i can live a happier life. I stood and thought about, like, why?how? is it possible? \"STARLIGHT!\"the teacher hollered at me. \"Yes ma'am, its your turn and please stop zoning out on me, there are special guests here and they don't have all day.I'' \"DO! NightMare hollered. \"NightMare!\"her fathered snarled viciously. \"Please forgive my daughter for that outburst, please continue.\" \"Yes sir \"Mrs. Camp respond with a bow. \"StarLight, Hit that target\" she commanded. I sighed and closed my eyes. I cleared my mind. and reached for the life force above, past the clouds, past the hemisphere and to the stars and suns that shone into the sky. Then, i dreamed. I could her the voices of Angles and poor Souls down in Hell i reached past them and grasped the power to my Gem, stars, and more important, The moon. I felt for it, and then i opened my eyes and used the power to destroy my target only to find it gone. I cocked my head to the side. And then it hit like a wave. I stood there, with all eyes on me. I, i myself, was to powerful to handle such magic. I was to strong, i was to powerful. I could feel the moons power in my veins. It was so powerful, i felt like i was dead. I couldn't feel myself. And then i blacked out. I woke up in a field full of flowers. I looked around, only to find a beautiful Nightmare in a white silk dress. And right when is saw her, she was Rosemarie. She was a legend from all around. \"Excuse me \" i asked scardly to her. \"Where am i? Am i in heaven?\" \" Calm yourself child, i will not hurt you. You are here because i must carry on that promise to your mother. I am to fulfill it. Said Rosemarie. \"So you mean,\" i paused to see her eyes meet with mine. \"You'll turn me into a nightmare and make me a part of your family?\" i asked. Of course but, you'll be a Star NightMare. They are very rare. But your new name will be NightStar. And with that dust started forming around me.\"what are you doing to me?!\" i screamed at her. \"I'm turning you into a nightmare. But i'm sorry child for i must go back to the heavens above. GoodBye.\"\" WAIT!\" I screamed but it was like she couldn't hear me because the next thing you know it, she was gone. The dust starting to rise and swirl around me and then i fell into the darkness of the dream. I gasped and sat up wide eyed. ","Summary":" NightStars Life Ch. 2 Dream I got up and ran to my room to find a note on my book bag that let me k"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Rio the series starting","Author":"BlueyTheSpixmacaw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10361188","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So hi guys so im bluey or matthew nvm So im going to add Stories but this is my 1st chapter What not chapter a story but this is just not a story im just talking :D because im new here and some reason icant you know add a picture ","Summary":" So hi guys so im bluey or matthew nvm So im going to add Stories but this is my 1st chapter What no"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"NightStars Life","Author":"NightMareRulze2014","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10216837","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NightStars Life Chapter 1 The Begining Hi! my name is StarLight i usually walked around in the library as usually, skimming her claws gently across the edges of the books until she came across a very dusty book called The Legend of NightMares. I grabbed the book out of its place and dusted it off. I examined the book up and down and wandered to the table to read it. I decide to ignore the yards who curiously looked at me. I opened the book to find this written inside: Read if you dare I decided to ignore the stupid warning and turned the page. Then, i froze. The most savage, bone-chilling leaders were in this book. I flipped through the pages and found, uh no. She's in the book. NightMare. She WAS the most terrifying NightMare ever known in the regions. I decided to flip through the book once more and came across this: One shall rise, One shall Falli' One shall die, One shall live and cry into the sorrow, of the world, for ti's one, is be bitten by a Mare that, Ti's Night, Shall begin until dawn and light. Even if ti's the victim of a, Jeme. I decided to flip through more of the pages and found a newspaper letter that said: 1992, Many people believed that on June 14, every single year that the most vicious and most dangerous and rare leaders- But i was cut off by a hand lying on my shoulder, i looked up to see Razor staring at me. \"Can i help you\"? i asked sacredly. \" Be careful of what you read, i don't what you getting involved with that right now\" she said with a very concerning voice. What do you mean be careful? I mean she said in a try warning voice, To be careful not to get involved not to get involved into that book. It is cursed so, i'd be careful if i were you. And with that she stalked off out of the library leaving me confused and scared at the same time. What was she talking about, Not to get involved? The next morning i got out of bed to go get breakfast from the kitchen. I sleep in Razors house because it was to dangerous for me to sleep at the Dragon place or whatever you call it. Most Dragons either call it Hell or Dragon jail or prison. I got a bowl of Mini Wheats since i was so addicted it. Razor got up and fixed herself some coffee only to be followed by Shred. Shred was nice to me and is Razors mate. He was indeed a leader, but they were married to even though her sister Savage hates him, but that's a different story. All night what she said yesterday kept me up thinking about it. What was she talking about. I thought about when i started to eat the cereal only to be interrupted by telling me that she was pregnant. Cereal sprayed out of my month when she told me that. YOUR WHAT!? i screamed at her angrily. Im pregnant she said again. I fainted with a thump on the floor. I woke up to see i was in bed. I sat up and looked around only to find a note on my table. It read: Dear StarLight, I am at work so if you need me please called. I want you to stay home so you don't get hurt. Plus, there are plenty of snacks for you to munch on. Love Razor I sighed and decided to finish my bowl of cereal only to find the bowl in the sink. I looked in the fridge and found another bowl of cereal. I didn't even remember i dropped the bowl of cereal. Usually when i do that i go and clean it up and then take a shower to clean up and when I'm in the shower she fixes another bowl for me and then put it into the fridge. I got it out of the fridge only to plop down into the chair and click on the Tv. I was about halve way through my cereal until i realized. I was late for classes. ","Summary":" NightStars Life Chapter 1 The Begining Hi! my name is StarLight i usually walked around in the libr"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"For One Day In Heaven","Author":"Itaa.bunny98","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9795996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trust me, its paradise. Its where the hungry come to feed. For mine as a generation as it circles the globe, in search of something we haven´t tried before. so never refuse an invitation, never resist the unfamiliar, never fail to be polite and never outstay your welcome. just keep your mind open, and suck in the experience, and if it hurts... you know what, its probably worth it. It was the last thing India heard before the sun crept over the mountains and flooded into the bus, it covered the seats, and the faces of the weary passangers. she turned back to the window, and stared out, soon, the world she had missed and longed for for so long would envelop her again, and, with her heart pounding against her ribs, she watched the familiar but long forgoten landscape flash by, so many things had changed, so many things that she had loved and looked out for where gone, yet, it was, unmistakably, home. she got off at her stop, her backback on her bag, headphones still on her head, blaring Orbital into her ears. she walked up the gentle hill, all around her, streetlights where going out, cars where appearing, early morning walkers passing her. the cracks in the pavement showed up, as the sun was only just shining all the way down the hill. Once she reached their park, that old beaten up playground, she sat down by the swing base, and ran her finger over his name, carved into the wood, and remembered that day, that day when she felt like she was free and invincible, that she could do anything, just because love was at her side. India thought about that day. Her superman day, he had called it, she had run down the road, laughing, reckless, happy, unbroken. That was before the world but things in their place, before everything was smashed, before the nightmares that hid in the darkness surged into the world, and overcame her. She pulled out her notepad, and opened it at the first page. she wrote: One perfect sunrise As happiness leaks into the souls around the sweet yellow dawn all that leaks into this soul is sunlight. because as the world rages on caught in its ever lasting torment, all that continues is the dawn sick with the melody of this ever lasting storm. but as the heat hits land and nothing can detain us our storm will carry on invincible, eternal, unbeatable all in the moment of one perfect sunrise. She tilted her head back to admire the orange flames in the sky for just a second, but she made herself look away, knowing that the beauty of that view would remind her of the beauty that she had left behind, alone, but this was something that needed to be done. She flicked to the last page of the nottepad, and found, as she knew she would, the reason she had come back after all this time, back to a place she had loved beyond belief, back to a world that had beaten her, and hurt her, but taught her to be strong... One day in heaven When I saw you leave saw your eyes empty of light saw your grip loosen on what you once held so tight Saw my heart in your hand, slip and fall away saw my soul in the other I watched it rip and fray I swore I would keep that very last kiss keep it alive let it no go amiss On that day that was ours I come back home And let you consume me and stop you being alone let all those sweet words that you whispered to me let me think your still here not gone, but still free. Because for one day in heaven id give away the stars to feel your arms around me to say, not mine, but ours. My heart and my soul Are now underground still clasped in your hands gone, but still sound. guard them with love because I promised our May you, me, and her, will be together one day. India took one more look at the sky, and then turned to go. Tears stream down your face, when you loose something you cant replace, but lights will guide you home, and ignight your soul, and i will try to fix you. Six hours later, India was walking back down a road on the other side of the country. she took slow steps. Phil Collins now playing into her headphones. she pulled that jacket that he loved so much tighter around her. She reached the door, and put the key in the lock. there was mail on the mat, but she ignored it, and droped her bag in the hall. - Mamma! your home! May ran out of the kitchen, her blue pijamas had jam on and her hair was still sticking up, but she looked seriously at her mother. -Did you see Papa? India knelt down and pulled her close. -Yes, I did The infant opened her eyes very wide; -What did he say Mamma? India shut her eyes, and said - He told me to tell you that he loves you very much, and that he misses you with all his heart. He told me to tell you that you should not worry about him, because hes not lonely, he's got grandpa. But he wants you to be a stong girl, and that you should not cry when you think of him, because one day, we will all be together again, but you must wait. May looked at her mother, and she returned the strong, sincere, loving gaze. sitting in that hall, the letters still on the mat, the rain now shimmering on the window in the door, the two of them smiled. Because no amount of distance can brake love, so, even if it seems imposible to carry on, dont ever give in. Lara May ","Summary":" Trust me, its paradise. Its where the hungry come to feed. For mine as a generation as it circles t"},{"Movie":".45","Title":"Football (OS)","Author":"Queeen Rhapsody","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13131409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! Et oui, je vous l'avais teasé, voilà la nouvelle histoire (l'une d'entre elle, il y en aura deux ;p) sur différents joueurs de Foot! Il y aura de nooooombreux ships différents, que j'ai déjà vu ou totalement inventé. J'espère que ça va vous plaire! Si vous avez des propositions à me faire, n'hésitez pas! (De même pour des propositions d'Os, de situations, de ships, des défis...). Ou si ça vous tente d'écrire avec moi, mes mps sont ouverts :) Enjoy, le premier arrive bientôt![Chapter 2] Hello! Voilà un petit OS pour me faire pardonner du temps que je mets à écrire le reste haha :p Promis, les Malecs reviennent vite :3 N'hésitez pas à me dire ce que vous en avez pensé en reviews! Enjoy! Allemagne/ France. La rencontre que tous attendaient. Que ce soit joueurs, entraîneurs, staffs ou supporters, tous étaient impatients de voir ce match débuter. Les équipes étaient actuellement dans leur vestiaire, en train de se préparer. Lloris faisait son habituel discours pour encourager son équipe. Lorsqu'il eut terminé, les joueurs se serrèrent tous les uns dans les bras des autres, afin de se souhaiter bonne chance. - Allez les gars, c'est un match amical, alors amusez-vous et faites vous plaisir! cria Hugo avant que tous ne sortent du vestiaire. L'équipe s'engagea dans le couloir, où tous se mirent en ligne derrière le capitaine. Les deux équipes étaient à quelques centimètres les uns des autres, et certains joueurs se saluaient déjà du regard. Ils n'avaient pas le droit de se prendre dans les bras et de discuter, devant rester un minimum sérieux, mais pouvaient au moins échanger quelques regards avec leurs amis, ou camarades de club. On fit signe aux joueurs de s'engager sur le terrain. Les équipes s'alignèrent une nouvelle fois, tous se saluèrent, puis les hymnes des deux pays retentirent. Enfin, Lloris et Neuer échangèrent leurs fanions, se serrèrent la main, et retrouvèrent leur équipe. Le coup de sifflet fut donné et l'engagement lancé. Et le match commença. Au bout d'une vingtaine de minutes, sur une magnifique action de Mbappé, la France marqua un but, ne laissant aucune chance à Neuer. La célébration fut magique, le stade se soulevant de toute part. C'était presque si certains joueurs allemands n'avaient pas sauté dans les bras de leurs adversaires. Le jeu reprit cependant. Et quelques minutes à peine plus tard, ce fut Özil qui s'avança rapidement vers les cages adverses. Sauf qu'il tomba sur la défense française, et, percuta violemment Varane sans le vouloir. Les deux joueurs tombèrent simultanément au sol dans un râle commun de douleur. - Raph, ça va mon pote? demanda Hugo, qui était le plus proche, en s'agenouillant aux côtés de son défenseur. Julian Draxler et son grand ami Kimpembe vinrent voir Özil. - Il est petit mais il fait mal le Mesut , ricana Raphaël en se redressant tout en se massant les côtes. - Tu fais mal aussi, grande perche , répliqua l'allemand en anglais. Ce dernier pouvait comprendre le français, mais avait encore du mal à le parler, et, pour éviter qu'on se moque de son accent, préférait donc répondre en anglais. La réponse en étonna certains, qui ne savaient pas qu'Özil pouvait comprendre le français, et en fit rire d'autres, devant le jeu taquin des deux hommes. Beaucoup ne savaient pas que ces deux-la étaient proches. Très proches. Mesut avait d'ailleurs appris le français pour plaire à Varane, qui avait lui appris l'allemand. Ils se relevèrent finalement en époussetant leurs habits. Les supporters applaudissaient en riant et criant. Dans un geste provocateur et pour faire rire les supporters, Mesut s'approcha du joueur français et embrassa ce dernier dans le cou, comme pour s'excuser. Raphaël explosa de rire et donna une tape sur les fesses de l'allemand avant de retourner auprès de ses coéquipiers, morts de rire. Le jeu continua, et les allemands égalisèrent enfin grâce à leur numéro 10. Mais rapidement, Griezmann marqua de nouveau, reprenant l'avantage... avant que Julian Draxler ne revienne égaliser. Le match se termina finalement sur une égalité. Une fois le coup de sifflet final donné, les joueurs vinrent se saluer en rigolant, comme de grands enfants. Presnel put enfin se jeter dans les bras de Julian, son compagnon au PSG, vite rejoint par les petits nouveaux du club, Kylian et Kevin. Hugo, lui, se retrouva dans les bras de plusieurs joueurs du Bayern, avec qui il avait des contacts réguliers, Thomas, Jerome, Mats, et surtout Joshua qui se jeta sur son dos pour s'y agripper comme un koala, sous les yeux rieurs de Manuel et Marco. Antoine, lui, ébouriffait les cheveux de son compagnon de club, Toni. Les autres joueurs rigolaient ou continuaient de jouer. C'était rare de voir de telles scènes, mais c'était le dernier match de l'année, dans quelques jours Noël et le Nouvel An, alors tous s'amusaient. Joachim était d'ailleurs en pleine conversation avec Didier. - Tes côtes vont bien Liebe? demanda la voix rauque en français d'un joueur de la Mannschaft derrière le numéro 4 français. Raphaël tomba nez à nez avec Mesut en se retournant. - Liebe? - Ça te va assez bien je trouve... Varane se surprit à rougir, détournant quelques secondes les yeux, gêné. Özil étouffa un petit rire moqueur avant d'enrouler son bras autour des épaules du français avant de lui ébouriffer les cheveux. Cela faisait quelques temps que les deux joueurs se connaissaient. Un peu plus d'un an. Ils avaient fait de nombreux stages ensemble et s'entendaient très bien. Mieux que de simples amis même... Mais aucun des deux ne semblait vouloir en parler, ni faire quoi que ce soit. L'allemand se détacha finalement du joueur pour rejoindre sa propre équipe, sans pour autant oublier de se retourner et dire: - On va boire un verre avec quelques joueurs dans une petite heure. Tu veux venir? Varane hésita quelques secondes. - Peut-être, on verra , si tu m'y emmènes... dit-il d'un ton provocateur en souriant à Özil. L'allemand leva les yeux au ciel en lui rendant son petit sourire, avant de taper sur l'épaule de Toni pour le féliciter. Le français, lui, claqua la main de son capitaine qui s'était débarrassé du koala. Tous les joueurs regagnèrent finalement les vestiaires pour se doucher et se changer. Les joueurs sortirent petit à petit, regagnant leur hôtel ou le bar où ils comptaient boire un verre avec les allemands pour célébrer les fêtes à venir. Raphaël devait être le dernier à prendre sa douche, alors que le numéro 10 allemand tapait à la porte du vestiaire français. Lloris lui ouvrit, vu qu'il ne restait que lui, Lucas Digne et Varane. - Tu viens chercher ton mec Mesut? - Il met toujours 4h à se doucher... soupira l'allemand, sans même prendre la peine de relever le terme utilisé par le français. - Je t'emmerde Özil! cria le concerné en terminant de laver ses cheveux. - Moi aussi je t'aime Liebe , répliqua l'allemand en rigolant. - Sérieusement, trouvez-vous une chambre et couchez ensembles, y'a trop d'hormones ici... ricana Digne avant de sortir. Hugo, malgré son sérieux habituel, rigola lui aussi. Il vint poser une main sur l'épaule de son adversaire. - On vous attend au bar. - Yep, t'inquiète pas Lloris. - Mes'... Digne a pas tort... Arrêtez de vous tourner autour et avancez un peu, pour une fois... - Hum... - Allez courage, t'as juste à le rejoindre sous la douche... - Tu t'es perverti Lloris... - C'pas moi, c'est mon mec... rigola Hugo en sortant. Mesut vint s'asseoir sur une des chaises en attendant le numéro 4 français. Il avait envie de passer un peu de temps avec ce dernier, avant qu'ils ne rejoignent les autres au bar. Les deux joueurs ne se voyaient pas si souvent que ça, et ça manquait à l'allemand. Certes, ils parlaient énormément par messages, presque, voire même tous les jours, et s'appelaient régulièrement, mais ce n'était pas assez pour lui. Pour eux... Raphaël sortit finalement de la douche, une serviette enroulée autour de ses hanches, ses cheveux mouillés tombants sur son front. Mesut posa ses yeux sur le torse dessiné du joueur, le dévorant du regard. - Tu baves Özil. - J'pensais pas que t'étais aussi musclé... - Plus musclé que toi? - Hum non, ça c'est impossible. - T'es sûr de ce que tu dis, le turc? susurra le français avec un ton de défi. - Tu veux comparer Varane ? rétorqua le plus âgé en se levant pour s'avancer vers le numéro 4. Une lueur d'envie brilla dans les yeux de chacun des joueurs. Ils n'étaient qu'à quelques centimètres, Varane toujours à moitié à poils. Özil brisa finalement les derniers centimètres. Il posa ses mains sur la nuque de Raphaël, pour venir l'attirer contre lui, avant d'écraser ses lèvres contre celles de son cadet. Ce dernier posa ses propres mains dans les cheveux de l'allemand, tirant légèrement dessus pour approfondir le contact. Il se sentit rapidement plaqué contre un mur, les lèvres du germano-turc sur les siennes, ses mains descendant le long de sa colonne vertébrale. Le numéro 10 laissa échapper un petit ricanement en sentant son homologue frissonner sous ses caresses. Raphaël déchira les boutons de la chemise de l'allemand, ses mains se baladant à son tour sur le torse de son vis-à-vis. Il s'arrêta quelques secondes pour contempler les abdominaux dessinés de son partenaire. - T'as moins d'abdos que moi Özil... - Triste réalité... soupira le plus âgé en embrassant le cou du français avec délicatesse. Qu'est ce qui nous a fait attendre si longtemps? murmura l'allemand en léchant les veines apparentes de son cou. - Bonne question... marmonna le plus jeune entre deux gémissements étouffés. Croyez moi, la soirée pour eux ne fit que commencer. Et elle allait être longue... Très longue. ","Summary":" Hey! Et oui, je vous l'avais teasé, voilà la nouvelle histoire (l'une d'entre elle, il y en aura de"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Once in a While","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13073811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Now & Then. There wasn't much Berta missed about her youth spent in the Gaslight Addition. But every once in a while she'd think about a certain Scott Wormer. The first kiss they shared. The brief dates they'd had in high school. At one point, Berta actually thought that the two of them would marry. How silly that concept now sounded to her. But despite their differences - and his constant need to annoy her - she liked him. She actually liked a guy who thought of her as more than a tomboy, but an actual, pretty girl. And despite her not wanting to be seen as one in her youth, he was able to recognize her beauty, and bring out the inner girl that had been screaming to get out. Even though the relationship, she realized, was nothing more than an infatuated crush, the experience gave her a new point of view on her life, and helped her to feel a little more comfortable in her own skin. And though she couldn't exactly say that she wasn't embarrassed being dumped by a certain Scott, the loser, Wormer in the 9th grade. She could say that in the grand scheme of things, it helped to her come out of her shell, and made her become a lot closer to her best friend Chrissy. Who now she could relate to in some way, about their shared experiences with boys. Chrissy more so than Berta, but that didn't bother her much. If all she had on her plate in the subject of boys was a measly Scott Wormer, who sported dreamy brown eyes, and sandy blond hair, then she was alright with that. Other than a perfect first kiss spent outside on a bench in the moonlight, what other glorious boy-memories did she need? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Now & Then. There wasn't much Berta missed about her youth spent in the Gas"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"The Life and Times of Scott Wormer: With a Twist","Author":"skywalker76","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7304156","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Life and Times of Scott Wormer: With a Twist. Title: The Life and Times of Scott Wormer: With a Twist. Summary: The musings of Scott Wormer as he contemplates where life has taken him since the summer of 1970. Set: In Canon, after the final scene of Now and Then. Spoilers: Set after the movie, so anything is fair game. Rating: K+ Length: One-shot Theme: This story focuses on the now adult character of Scott Wormer and what his life has become in the years since he was twelve. Archive: Yes, but please tell me first and keep my name and disclaimer attached. Disclaimer: I do not own Now and Then or the characters depicted. They belong to Lesli Linka Glatter, I. Marlene King and New Line Cinema. This is written for fun not profit. As a debt ridden college student, it would be utterly pointless suing me. It was a sunny and slightly breezy Friday afternoon, as the shiny black open top BMW made its way leisurely along Interstate 74, heading towards the small town of Shelby, Indiana. The radio, which for the past twenty minutes had been blaring out the latest baseball statistics to the mostly oblivious driver, suddenly responded to a listener song request that had been telephoned in and started to play The Jackson Five's classic hit ' I Want You Back '. This song immediately caught the attention of the male driver, who instinctively reached for the dial to turn up the volume and unconsciously moved his free foot to the beat. He chuckled and shook his head in reverie at the sudden surge of memories this particular song brought back to him. To a casual observer, Scott Wormer was a moderately attractive man in his mid thirties. He was just over six feet tall, with piercing blue eyes and short dark blonde hair that had a tendency to fall over his forehead, no matter how many times he combed it back. Scott was good looking without being flashy. Not devastatingly handsome, but well worth a second glance with his still boyish features and a disarming smile that could easily light up a room. This smile had set the heart of many a female fluttering over the years. Not that this fact really mattered to Scott. There was only one female he was interested in these days. She was waiting for him at home, having finished her shift early. As the teenage Jackson's warbled through the high pitched chorus, Scott smiled to himself as thoughts of his girlfriend immediately raced through his mind. The strong minded, independent woman; who also happened to be his best friend! She was the one woman in the World he would do absolutely anything for and he was pretty sure she knew it. He'd always been whipped when it came to her. Scott was leaning back against his seat as he drove home, the sleeves of his suit jacket pushed up to the elbows and his tie loosened with the top button of his shirt undone. He rested one elbow casually against the open window of the convertible, the soft breeze gently rustling his blonde bangs and tickling his ears. Scott hummed absently to the lyrics he hadn't heard in a long time, but had never forgotten. He knew it was often the way when a classic song popped up on the radio. The long buried memories and emotions associated with hearing an old song from a distant, long ago past come flooding back with a vengeance and threaten to overwhelm the conscious mind. This was certainly the case for Scott. Whenever he heard music from The Jackson's he was instantly transported back to his twelve year old self, during that long and perfect summer of 1970. He was no longer a responsible adult with his own company, but a cocky adolescent again, strutting along the Shelby streets when the song was a hit, playing in every store and on every portable radio. Scott remembered how his brother Jesse had driven their Mom insane by playing the record over and over again, back in the sitting room of their old house. Scott chuckled as he recalled Mrs. Wormer actually grabbing the record off of Jesse one afternoon, after he'd played it ten times. The familiar road sign, indicating the exit for Shelby, finally appeared in the distance and Scott sighed with relief, knowing it wouldn't be long now before he was home again. He only made the trip out of town, one weekend a month, to check on the progress of his company office in Springfield, Illinois. As the office was out of state, he knew it would make more sense to stay overnight in a Motel and drive home the following day, rather than making the round trip in the course of a single day. However Scott knew this would mean being without his girlfriend for long weekends and this was simply not an option for him. The crazy hours she worked meant there was no chance of her being able to accompany him and he didn't relish the idea of spending lonely nights in a cheap Motel. Therefore he had always resolved to drive back the same day and be home before nightfall, a decision he never regretted. As the strains of ' I Want You Back ' faded out to be replaced by the radio announcer blandly stating the current news headlines, Scott mentally switched off again as he drove and began to reflect on his life so far. The song had brought about the realisation of what a long and interesting road he had travelled since the day he first heard it. When he was only twelve years old and had never even travelled out of state. A smart aleck kid, who loved to terrorise the neighbourhood. He had also, of course, taken a rather twisted pleasure in tormenting the rival girl gang from school, especially the feisty and temperamental tomboy, Roberta Martin. It was only later that he realised he actually liked her and had been unwittingly trying to gain her attention. He allowed his mind to drift back to that summer again as he drove into Shelby, through the familiar town, the roads and buildings of his childhood. It always amazed him just how little the town had changed in over twenty years. Remembering a time when life still seemed so simple and innocent. His thoughts dwelled on Roberta; his first crush, the first girl he'd ever kissed. The first kiss! That tense and nerve racking rite of passage; the details and recipient of which are forever ingrained in memory. Scott drove down the main street, past the old courthouse and thought back to just how nervous he had been that night, when he'd asked Roberta if he could kiss her. Sitting there with her on the swing seat in her back yard; nervously gulping his soda after their impromptu late night session of one on one and knowing that it was now or never! The tight knot in his stomach, the clammy palms, the sweat beading on his forehead and under his armpits, the racing heart and the heady anticipation! They had all been present; in that clumsy, inexperienced manner that is all too common during the first time and is somehow never really an issue afterwards. Roberta. The tough talking, spirited and fiercely loyal girl next door who could throw a punch and hit a baseball better than any boy in the neighbourhood. The girl who also had a hidden vulnerable side that she'd gradually allowed him to see. Roberta was the first girl he'd ever thought of as being anything other than a parasite, put on the Planet solely to irritate boys. Up until then that had been his unwavering assessment of all girls. And his brothers had continued to feel that way about the female species for several years, long after he'd changed his mind about them. Since their first tentative kiss, Scott had continued to have many stolen moments with Roberta, all through Junior High School. She had never come right out and admitted to her three best girl friends that the two of them had been seeing each other. Similarly he had never admitted the fact to his brothers and had winced as they continued to openly bad mouth her in public and she them. It had been a clandestine affair in more ways than one as they'd both grown older. Scott had eventually realised that Roberta's friends were all fully aware of their so called relationship after Teeny caught them kissing on his driveway. It was just never spoken of out loud. As they had entered High School, they had both agreed to try dating other people. However Scott had soon realised that none of the girls he'd taken out as a teenager could ever hold a candle to Roberta. The feeling was clearly mutual as none of their half hearted attempts at dating other people had ever lasted long and sooner or later they had always gravitated back to each other. In Senior Year, Scott had bitten the bullet and asked Roberta to the Prom, fully expecting her to refuse, as she was still quite a tomboy and they had never been on a public date before. However, to his delighted surprise, she'd accepted and had even worn a dress. It was the first time in six years that she'd been unconcerned with being seen out in public with him and Scott felt he could finally announce to the World that she was his girlfriend. Something he had wanted to do since they were twelve. When it was time for college, Scott had known then it was all over. Roberta had got into Princeton to study Medicine, whereas he had got into The University of the State of Indiana. With several states between them they were both heading towards very different futures. Their school yard romance had to end, as they both prepared to enter the real World. A life outside of their safe and protected World in Shelby! Roberta had also come to the same realisation and they'd said their goodbyes, before leaving Shelby and going off in different directions, both literally and figuratively. Still Scott had felt wistful the day he'd left home and gone off to study at the Kelley School of Business. Roberta had been such a huge part of his life for six years. It was strange and somewhat disconcerting to even think of starting over without her. Not having her by his side was something he had never wanted to consider. A sudden impulse led Scott to take the scenic route home, so he could drive past his and Roberta's old High School. He sighed as he drove past the familiar building that had also changed little since he was a student there. He remembered how he'd always believed he would end up miles from Shelby. In another state, maybe even another country. Scott had always had ambitions and much like the other kids he'd grown up with, from the Gaslight Addition; he had dreams of escaping the rather boring town of Shelby and building a future somewhere else. Somewhere exciting! However, he hadn't been offered a basketball scholarship anywhere tempting and decided Indiana University was as good as anywhere to study Business. At least he could still leave home and pledge a fraternity. Scott smiled as he remembered how proud his parents had been. Both his parents had started work straight after High School therefore Scott Wormer was First Generation College! No longer the local troublemaker, he was now a teenager with a bright future. He had run into his present girlfriend, who was a transfer student, on campus during his undergraduate year. The moment he saw her heading towards him, dark hair swinging and with four books balanced crookedly under one arm, he had known she was the one for him and there could be no other. They had started dating and continued to see each other up until graduation and beyond. She was his soul mate. A few days before his graduation, Scott had run into an old friend from High School, Kenny Thompson. Kenny was visiting his older sister who was in the year below Scott and had spied him on campus. They had gone for a beer to catch up and celebrate Scott's forthcoming graduation and Kenny had mentioned he was returning to Shelby to start a computer game software company. Kenny then let slip he was looking for a business partner and asked Scott if he'd be interested. Scott had seen what a great business opportunity this was and had quickly accepted. Upon graduation, they moved back to Shelby, sharing an apartment only three blocks away from Scott's old house, where his parents continued to reside. The business had started slowly, before taking off on an unprecedented scale, when the company had capitalised on the growing, lucrative games market. The company expanded, with several offices being opened out of state. Kenny had eventually moved to New York to open an office over there, leaving Scott to continue running the Shelby office. Scott had been more than happy with this arrangement. His girlfriend had also decided to move to Shelby after graduating, to be near him, although she had insisted on taking her own apartment, initially, whilst she established her own career. After Kenny had moved out, Scott had asked her to move in with him. She had agreed and they both sold their apartments to buy a new house together, the other side of town from the Gaslight Addition. They had lived there for several years now. In truth the business had become so successful that Scott now had the money to move anywhere he wanted. Ironically, now he had the chance and the means to move away, he no longer wanted to leave Shelby. His girlfriend was settled there and his life and home were wherever she was. Scott had even become involved with the local community, which he always found humorous, considering his misspent youth. His girlfriend had told him to consider it as penance for all the trouble he'd caused as a kid. Nowadays you would be hard pressed to find a more upstanding citizen than Scott Wormer. He even coached basketball part time to kids from his old High School. A wing of the new local library that he'd helped to fund had also been named after him, in honour of the small town boy made good. The boy who'd left Shelby as a reckless teenager and had returned to the town as a mature and thoughtful adult. Scott took a right turn on the block that led to his home. As he drove along the quiet, leafy, suburban sidewalk, he let his mind drift to the other one time troublemakers of Shelby. His three younger brothers! They had been so little back then. Jesse, always the quietest of the brothers, had been eleven. Exactly a year younger than Scott! Todd, the long haired rebel had only been nine. And little Kyle, the baby of the Wormer family, had just had his seventh birthday. Scott recalled how Kyle had always loved to tag along with his older brothers, even though he was really too small to get involved with most of their schemes or be much use during a baseball or softball game. As he turned onto the driveway of his house and pulled up, Scott killed the ignition of the BMW and sat for a moment, thinking about his brothers and their lives back then. When they'd all still lived in the same house and shared bedrooms. He and Jesse had shared a room, while Todd shared a smaller bedroom with Kyle. They'd all had bunk beds and Scott had always had dibs on the top bunk. It was ironic that he'd been the only one of the Wormer boys to go off to college, leaving home at eighteen and everyone, including him, had assumed he would never return. Yet here he was, over twenty years later, while his younger brothers were all long gone. Jesse had stayed in Shelby while he trained to be an electrician. He had started working for a local company, before applying for a transfer to their office in North Carolina several years later. This led to Jesse moving there permanently. He had married a nurse named Sally and they now had two children, six year old Jesse Junior and four year old Abby. Scott grinned as he thought of his girlfriend jokingly referring to them as the next generation Wormer brats. Jesse seldom returned to Shelby, so Scott and his girlfriend often travelled to North Carolina to visit them. Todd, always the noisiest and most energetic of the four, with the too long hair, that he had spent all summer flicking repeatedly out of his eyes, had joined the Marines right after graduation. This had caused all the Wormer family much amusement as he had finally had to have his hair cut and now he sported an almost shaved head. Todd had settled down since joining the core, finding a release for his boundless energy and he had also gotten to travel all over the World. He was currently based in Washington, where he had recently become engaged to a fellow Marine named Nancy. Only Kyle seemingly had no direction after leaving High School. As the baby of the family, he had always been spoiled and over indulged. After graduation he depressingly realised he had no idea what he wanted to do with his life. During a fit of indecision and desperation, he had packed his bags and gone off travelling, eventually settling in India where he helped to build a school. He was currently residing somewhere deep in the Amazon jungle, where he was working on a six month conservation project. Little Kyle; who had grown up to be the wandering Wormer! Scott finally got out of the car, slamming the door behind him and heading for the front door, whistling and tossing his house keys in the air, before catching them one handed. He knew it was a curious turn of events that he had ended up being the only Wormer brother to still be living in Shelby. Sometimes he had felt like a failure for moving back again, after finally getting out of the town. Other times, like now when he considered his successful business and the life he shared with his girlfriend, he knew without a doubt that it was the smartest move he had ever made. The thought of seeing her again immediately caused a warm feeling in the pit of his stomach and suddenly all thoughts of his childhood; his family and his old crush were banished from his mind. How he loved her. They had only been apart for the day but he still missed her. Standing here at the door of their home, the past was once again far away and he was firmly back in the present. He unlocked the door and headed through the pristine hallway to the sitting room, knowing she would be home already and waiting for him. \"Honey I'm home.\" He yelled cheerily. His girlfriend appeared through the outer door that led to the study, where she had been writing up some notes. \"Hey there.\" She smiled as she approached him and leaned in for a kiss. Scott gladly met her halfway. \"Long day?\" she asked, as she took his hand and dragged them over to the sofa, where they both sank down, grateful for a moment of togetherness. \"Yeah.\" Scott laced his fingers through hers and took the opportunity to snuggle up closer to her on the couch. \"They were just playing The Jackson's on the radio. ' I Want You Back .' Got me thinking about the old days. You know back when I was a kid here?\" His girlfriend smiled at this admission and squeezed his hand. \"The old days huh?\" she asked teasingly. \"Were you thinking about your old girlfriend too? The one you mooned over all the way through High School?\" Scott laughed and reached up to gently tousle her dark hair. \"How could I be thinking about her when my dream girl is right here with me now?\" His girlfriend shook her head and shot a wry grin at him. \"Well for what it's worth Scott, I'm glad you're not still pining for her. From what you've told me she sounded like a bit of a psycho back then.\" Scott chuckled at this statement. \"I wouldn't say she was a psycho exactly. More misunderstood. When I look back now I simply see her as a spirited girl fighting to make her way in a man's World. And from what I hear, she succeeded too.\" His girlfriend smiled at this and Scott took the opportunity to tip her chin up with his free hand, so she had no option but to look him directly in the eye. He gazed meaningfully into her hazel eyes and spoke quietly to her. \"The way I see it she's perfect, just the way she is and I don't want her to ever change.\" She just looked at him without moving or replying and he continued somewhat hesitantly, hoping he wasn't pushing it. \"I'm just so glad you decided to transfer to the University of the State of Indiana to do your residency. Otherwise I might have lost you forever.\" This time she did laugh as she reached out with her free hand to stroke his cheek. \"No way Scott! You could never have lost me. As soon as I left home and I was suddenly miles away from you that's when I knew. I didn't want a life that didn't include you. Whether I liked it or not, you'd become a part of me. I only hope you feel the same?\" Scott just gazed at her. \"Always.\" He told her quietly. There was a slight pause before she spoke again, the true weight of the words they had both left unspoken between them for far too long, slowly settling in on them. \"I forgot to tell you Chrissy finally had her baby today. A little girl!\" \"No kidding.\" Scott shook his head. \"So how was the delivery then Doc?\" \"Painful, but ultimately fulfilling!\" She answered honestly. I told her we'd go over there tomorrow and visit them, if that's okay with you?\" \"That's fine.\" Scott replied. \"As long as Chrissy doesn't go on about us living in sin again the whole time we're there.\" \"Don't worry. If she does I'll deflect her!\" His girlfriend laughed. \"I think right now she's just too happy with life to really care anyway.\" \"Then that makes two of us!\" Scott told her sincerely. She smiled at him and they continued to snuggle on the sofa for a few more precious moments, happy to let the rest of the World rush by without them for a while. Scott knew as they sat there snuggled on the sofa that this was all that really mattered in life. He was home. Home with his girlfriend! His soul mate! His best friend! Home with Doctor Roberta Martin! THE END. ","Summary":" The Life and Times of Scott Wormer: With a Twist. Title: The Life and Times of Scott Wormer: With a"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Tough Girl","Author":"LinaBeal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7399285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Roberta was special. This he knew. All the other girls didn't play basketball, play baseball, or fight. The most he'd ever seen another girl fight in their grade was when Liz and Kelley scratched each other and threw baking soda at each other. Not exactly tough. But Roberta. She would punch out a guy who said girls couldn't, from baseball to handstands. She would always prove them wrong, and then give them one to the face to boot. So of all the girls, Scott should have liked another girl, not one who could kick his ass. Or any of the girls in that little quartet of sass. According to all of his friends, he shouldn't like girls period. And that logic worked for him for a while. Until the summer of 1970. #*#*#*# Me and my brothers have the stupidest ideas. Like that summer. We decided to bike to Chrissy's house and throw water balloons filled with lime jell-o. Clearly the most intelligent thing we had ever thought of. But after we threw them, Roberta started to chase me down the street. And she was booking it. I even got scared. But she tripped and fell on the asphalt. I turned, laughing to see her scraped face look from the pavement. And for the first time, she looked different to me. Her dark eyes had a little glow in them, like the flickering of a candle when it catches fire, flaming up and crazy. And her dark hair. Raven's hair, I think a movie once described dark hair like. I didn't get it then, but I get it now. It was like a sleek sheet of hair that glinted in the sunlight as she shifted. I was looking back for so long without checking in front of me that I almost ran into the tree in front of the Masterson's house. \"Come on, Scott!\" Kyle called, pedaling as fast as he could. I shook my head to clear it a little before pedaling after my brothers. The rest of the day I was a little off. Even my mom noticed. I waved her off. No way was I going to talk about Roberta to my mother. When I crawled under my covers, I started to fall asleep. And then I had nightmares. Or at least what a teen boy would consider nightmares: dreams about girls you're supposed to hate. In this particular dream Roberta and I were wandering the sandy lakeshore in our summer clothes, holding hands. And then we stopped, and she asked if I would kiss her. And my freakazoid subconscious said yes. So then we kissed. It was nice, I guess, until I woke up screaming. Kyle, Mike, and Davis all were standing next to my bed in the room I share with Kyle, looking like I had just had a heart attack. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, confused by their scared faces. \"What were you dreaming about?\" Mike asked. \"You seemed pretty freaked. And that was in your sleep,\" Davis added. I didn't know whether to lie or tell the truth. If I told the truth, they would never speak to me again. Liking girls, even in your dreams, is completely unacceptable. If I told them a lie, they would know I was lying. And besides, what would I say? \"Just some crazy falling off a cliff stuff,\" I said. Oh, that's what I would say. Good to know. \"Well, don't get too freaked,\" Kyle said. \"I need to sleep. We're all going out to the farmhouse and the lake tomorrow, right?\" Oh yeah. Wormer tradition. We go out to this little pond a couple miles out of town to splash around in and cause a ruckus. Usually we just strip off all our clothes because it's simpler than bringing swim trunks, and we sit in the old farmhouse for a couple hours after. \"Right. Sorry,\" I found myself saying, and my brothers wandered back to their beds to fall blissfully asleep. I on the other hand couldn't figure out if I wanted to fall asleep or not. I didn't want to like Roberta like that. I didn't want to like any girl like that. But that kiss was kind of nice. Even if it was in my dreams. #*#*#*# We were just horsing around. How were we supposed to know the girls were hiding behind the log? We thought no one knew where we went. How they found us was beyond comprehension. But at the moment I couldn't consider how they found us. I just had to cover myself and run after the girls on bikes. They were laughing like banshees, throwing our underwear down the road. And Roberta had that little glint in her eye whenever I caught hers, making me smile despite the circumstances. \"Scott!\" Kyle yelled. \"Wha-?\" \"Why's you're face all screwed up like that?\" \"He's thinking, dipshit.\" That I was. It was less along the lines of what my brothers thought I would be thinking of, and more along the lines of please, please, Please, dear God, let Roberta not have seen anything . Because if she did, I'm never going near her house ever again. #*#*#*# She kissed me. Lord Almighty, holy God, she kissed me. Well, I kissed her first, but she didn't shove me off like some of my ideas made her. She touched my cheek just a little, and her mouth was soft, just like I thought it would be. I'm in love with Roberta. Holy crap, I'm in love with Roberta. I'm so totally beyond screwed there are no words. But I don't much mind. #*#*#*# ","Summary":" Roberta was special. This he knew. All the other girls didn't play basketball, play baseball, or fi"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Ghost eyes","Author":"GlowingGreenEyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10196505","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I've had this sitting around literally for YEARS and I don't think I'll ever finish it, but I want to get rid of it. So here is a scrap of a story, probably rife with mistakes, blah blah blah, oh well. Obviously there is a slight rearranging of events here. I have no idea how inaccurate this is being, (probably extremely!) but just go with me here. I saw this movie again on TV and it really made me want to write something pointless. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Roberta was pissed. Of course she had been completely devastated when her mother had died, but what her dad had told her then— The lie , she reminded herself bitterly— it had at least given her a little comfort. She had been relying on that false comfort to keep her from totally losing it whenever she thought about her mother's death. Now she just felt sick. He lied to me. Her jaw clenched tighter. The angry thoughts swirling in her head fueled her forceful strides through the cool evening air. Her dark blue canvas sneakers pounded the pavement of the empty street, the minor sound ricocheting off the closed garage doors. It was past 9:30 on a Sunday night, and all of the respectable residents of the Gaslight Addition were retired to their homes for the day, resting up for another workweek. Roberta glared disdainfully at the row of cheerfully illuminated windows before turning away and resuming her march. She sighed heavily, shoving her hands into the deep pockets of her jacket. Her pace slowed, she kicked moodily at the stray pebbles on the sidewalk. A slow, deep rumble of thunder rolled across the sky. The streetlamps flickered to life and hummed with yellow electricity. Crickets came to life. It had happened five years ago. She was fourteen now. Of course he would lie. How could he tell me the truth? It had been really terrible… The unforgiving words printed in the faded black ink flashed before her eyes again: \"pinned for three hours\"...\"mangled vehicle\"… \"massive head trauma\"… She shut them out, squeezing her eyes closed and shaking her head. \"I can't believe I just accepted that bullshit !\" she screamed into the empty, chilled air. Her voice echoed satisfyingly into the dark sky, rising in a misty cloud. The wind was starting to pick up. She yanked a frustrated hand through her long black hair, roughly pushing it from her face. Her hands returned to her pockets, fingertips brushing against the papers stuffed there. The folded photocopy of the truth was still with her, along with another scrap of paper—the latter with messy, scrawled handwriting so close to being illegible that could only belong to a boy. This one only said, \"Your tree house-10pm,\" then added near the bottom, underlined twice, as if afraid she wouldn't come, \"Please.\" And then two letters: \"SW\". When she had found the letter taped to the handlebar of her bicycle that afternoon, she had ripped it off and shoved it in her pocket as soon as she realized whom it was from, an unstoppable blush creeping onto her face. She hoped no one else had seen it. She had glanced around and there hadn't been anyone in sight. He was already making things obvious enough, the way he had been staring at her lately. All the time! No one could be that interesting to watch! She just tried to ignore it and her friends didn't seem to notice. But now he was leaving physical evidence! That was before she and her friends had biked to that library and she had seen that article… Now it was nearly 9:45, and she had just escaped through her bedroom window to meet a boy. Alone. What would dad have to say about that? she thought defiantly, and then instantly regretted it. Since when do I do sissy crap like this? \"The only reason I'm going is because I need to get out of the house to think,\" Roberta reasoned with herself aloud, \"I couldn't sleep. And I needed some fresh air, anyway.\" Roberta had thoroughly convinced herself for a very long time that she wasn't some priss. She wasn't the kind of girl who would go meet up with a boy at his whim for some sort of ridiculous romantic interlude. That kind of shit only happened in the movies Teeny watched. Total fiction. Not in her life. Just because she had let the kid kiss her once didn't mean she was going to start being some kind of girly girl. She could still kick his ass anytime—if she wanted to. This was all business. Find out what he wants, then bolt. Maybe kick his ass, too, for good measure, if it turned out to be a waste of time. At least, that's what she kept mentally repeating to herself. As she passed by a wood-paneled mini-van parked by the curb, she paused to study her mirror image where she caught it in one of its dark, reflective windows. She combed her fingers through her hair. She grabbed her chapstick from her jean pocket and hastily smoothed it over her dry lips, rubbing them together. Then she stopped. A disgusted expression looked back at her. \"What the hell am I doing?\" she asked aloud. She jammed the chapstick back into her jean pocket angrily. A few drops of rain hit the window of the van and slid downward across her reflection. Another couple of drops splattered on the sidewalk in front of her, painting the white cement dark grey. One splashed on the tip of her nose. She could hear a rising volume of tinny pattering of rain bouncing off of the metal mailboxes lining the suburban street. \"Damn it!\" She took off in a sprint. The rain rapidly increased in density until it was practically indistinguishable from the surrounding air. She pulled her already soaked jacket tightly around her and squinted at street signs, splashing recklessly through deeper-than-they-looked pothole puddles and overflowing gutters until she finally reached her destination. Panting loudly, she practically dove into the dry haven that was the tree house. She waited a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dimmer light inside, shaking her arms off and sending drops flying from her numbed fingertips. Fuck, that's cold! Her sopping sneakers squelched loudly on the mostly dry wooden planks of the floor. \"Hey...\" Roberta jumped and swore loudly. She had nearly forgotten why she had run here in the first place. She hastily combed her dark, dripping hair out of her eyes and looked up. The boy moved forward from his previous position of leaning against the back wall of the tree house. It suddenly dawned on Roberta that he somehow knew about their plan to buy this exact tree house. He had called it ' your tree house' and was waiting in the exact one they had picked out. Her eyes narrowed in suspicion. God, meeting him here is almost like some kind of treason or something, isn't it? His dusty-shade-of-blonde hair was wet and tangled, sticking up in odd places and plastered to his forehead in others. His shoulders showed he was breathing rather heavily; he must have got in a few moments before she had. His brown jacket was also soaked, dark with moisture— the jacket he was wearing on the swing when…, she recalled with a sudden jolt, and her heart actually skipped a goddamn beat. Shit. She grit her teeth against the foreign reaction. Get a grip. \"I was worried you weren't going to show up,\" the boy admitted quietly, relief painted clearly on his pale face. He smiled tentatively and scrubbed a hand through his hair. Was that supposed to help? Roberta thought scathingly, eying him critically. He was a total mess. And his bangs fell sloppily into his grey-blue eyes. He gave her a tentative smile. The effect was pitifully endearing…cute, even… in a stupid, pathetic way. Not that it looks good or anything, just different than it usually does… she thought, … just crappy in a different way, she mentally added for good measure. At that moment, her dark eyes met with his light ones. The dull light in the vacant parking lot of the Sears played off his irises in an eerie way. He was watching her intently. Stop! Stop looking at his weirdo eyes! She realized she hadn't spoken a word out loud yet, besides the swear she had let loose at the sight of him. \"Uh…yeah,\" she started awkwardly, instantly sickened at how timid her own voice was sounding at that moment. She cleared her throat and continued in a stronger, more Roberta-like tone, \"So what's your reason for dragging me out here in the rain? It'd better be good.\" He coughed... or choked somewhat. She couldn't tell. He looked like he was working up the nerve to say something, mouth opening and then closing several times without resulting in any words. Well, I don't have all night, Wormy. She busied herself by reaching around to grab her sodden mass of hair and wring it out, and then flung it back over her shoulder. She returned her gaze to him, still waiting for his answer. Why did he seem so nervous? His nervousness was making her nervous. Which made her annoyed. The rain pounded on the wooden roof planks. \"I—Did…did you want to talk? Or something?\" he tried. She gave him a blank look, eyebrows raised, \"About…?\" \"D-didn't you read the note?\" he asked, looking highly crestfallen. He repeated the raking motion through his damp hair. His bangs fell back down into his eyes again anyway. Roberta bit her lip… only to hold off a scowl. \"Of course I read it, why in the hell do you think I showed up here?\" she snapped with a little more force than she really intended. He just looked so pitiful at the moment. Easy prey. He glanced at her, then looked away again, face slightly red. It just occurred to her that she forgot to apply her usual duct tape that day. She crossed her arms over her chest and observed him shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot. There was about four feet of space between them, and awkwardness was quickly filling every cubic inch of it. \"Did you—Um, you read both sides?\" \"…Both sides,\" Roberta deadpanned. The boy jerked his head in a nod. Roberta released a loud frustrated sigh, muttering under her breath about \"why the hell someone would write on the back of a note….\" She meant to tug only the note out of her pocket, but another paper fell to the floor with a small damp thud. Roberta could only stare at it. She knew what it was, and she didn't want to pick it up. She never wanted to see it again, in fact. Scott, seeing that Roberta wasn't moving, reached down and retrieved it. It didn't look like his note… He unfolded it slowly. Roberta desperately wanted him not to unfold it. It seemed to be happening in slow motion, but she couldn't stop it. She was frozen. His eyes swept over the paper…brow furrowed… \"Scott,\" She finally managed to say something— his name. It burst through the silence and seemed to hang there. I said his name. His first name. Weird. He looked up, paper forgotten, apparently just as surprised as she was that she had called him by his first name. \"…Roberta?\" He returned the favor, albeit in a softer tone. Then again, he had always called her by her name. What else would he call her? Roberta only stuck out her open hand forcefully. Scott glanced back down at the unfolded paper in his hands, then back up at her. Was it too late? \"Give it,\" she said sternly, issuing the command as if to a dog. Her eyes bored into his, willing him to obey. His grey-blue gaze returned to the paper for a moment, then back to her face. A slight frown tilted his lips. What was that expression? Pity. He knows…He must know. She swallowed down the growing tightness in her throat. She had to look down, away from his face. Her eyes were burning, prickling, blurring. Why? Why did she have to get all emotional now, in front of him? It's just a damn piece of paper. It was such a long time ago. Scott finally took a step forward and held the unfolded article out to her; she watched his sneakers get closer to hers on the floor, which she was currently staring took a deep breath and reached forward and snatched the paper from him, avoiding his inquisitive stare. He let her have it, but gently took hold of the crook of her arm as she tried to retreat. She flinched at the touch. She felt like getting the hell out of there. She was too vulnerable to be seen by anyone, much less a wormy Wormer. \"Roberta…\" he said, a hint of pleading leaking into his tone, like he could sense her flight instincts kicking in. She was forced to look back up at his face. His eyes had the quality of liquid silver. They sucked her in like the light from the lot lampposts, trapped there. She waited for him to say something else, unable to unstick her tongue. \"She… s-she looks a lot like you,\" the boy finally concluded. It was so quiet; the pounding rain almost drowned it out. \"…Looked.\" Roberta turned her face to the window to avoid looking at him. \"What?\" He angled around her to get back into her line of sight. Her eyes were hard, seeing through him into some unknown memory. \" Looked . She looked like me,\" Roberta answered. Her voice quaked uncontrollably, with anger or sadness or just coldness, she wasn't sure. But the urge to cry had dried up, \"She's dead, obviously. Dead people are past-tense. And anyway, it would be me who looks like her …\" He blinked. She finally met his gaze, challenging him to say one more damn word about it. Her fist tightened around the paper, crushing it. His eyes flicked down to the motion. He swallowed dryly. \"I…Oh. I mean… er, sure,\" he mumbled. Then, after a moment, \"Sorry.\" \"Don't say 'sorry', I hate it when people say that,\" she intoned, hardly able to muster a proper glare. She finally shrugged out of his grip, \"So what is on this stupid note, huh?\" She stuffed the crumpled article back into her other pocket, and fished out the correct piece of paper. Scott took a step back. Roberta's dark eyes scanned the scrawl on the paper again. Your tree house-10pm Please. SW She resisted the urge to roll her eyes. She turned it over in her hands. I heard yelling at your house. Are you ok? Meet me. She read it again, flipped it again, and read the back to get the complete note. A whole minute passed in silence. Abruptly, Roberta crumpled the note in to a paper ball and threw it viciously where it ricocheted off of Scott's shoulder. He recoiled, shocked. \"What the hell, Scott!? What, are you spying on me? What the hell is this?\" Roberta raged. She advanced, fists prepared. Scott cringed, hands up in a placating gesture. \"I just wanted to make sure you were OK!\" he pleaded. He flinched as Roberta advanced with an accusing pointing gesture and forcefully jabbed him in the chest with it. \"OK? I'd be better if there wasn't some Wormy Wormer creeping around my house eavesdropping!\" she shouted over a rumble of thunder. This kid smacks lips with her once and now he thinks he has some sort of permit to stalk? Scott dropped his hands, \"I wasn't spying. I was only walking home, I swear.\" He glanced up at her, raking through his hair again. He was the picture of pitiful. Damn it… Roberta's rage cooled a little. She dropped her jabbing finger and crossed her arms. \"I was angry at my dad. We shouted. It's no big deal… and none of your business,\" she explained, trying to keep her tone even, but it ended up getting back into pissed-off range at the end. \"Okay, so… you're fine?\" he tried meekly. \"Why wouldn't I…\", she started impatiently, but her train of thought was derailed as her brain started working on a different puzzle. Why would he think I need help? Why would he be worried if I didn't show up? A horrible realization came over her at that moment that made her stomach miss a step on the stairs. What does yelling at his house mean? She looked at him with new eyes. He stiffened. It was like he could sense the gears turning in her head. He reminded her of an animal cornered. Roberta suddenly had the sense that she was confronting something big, dark and terrible. She did the only Roberta thing to do—tackled it head on. \"Scott, are you okay?\" she took a step towards him, scrutinizing him intensely. He shrunk back. The silver in his eyes was a panicked flickering fire. Bingo. Damnit, why do I have to be right? ","Summary":" AN: I've had this sitting around literally for YEARS and I don't think I'll ever finish it, but I w"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Haunt MePlease","Author":"Milkywaygirl55","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9418934","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I just recently saw this amazing, yet heartbreaking movie called Now is Good and I was compelled to write something based on it. Summary of movie:Tessa (17 yrs.) is dying of leukemia and decides to stop having the treatment, the movie is basically all about her trying to fulfill a list of things to do before she dies. Before she dies her little brother Cal (not sure how old, definitely under 12) says \"Bye Tess. Haunt me if you like. I don't mind.\"- That one line really broke my heart and I wanted to do more with him, since he was also a bit more callous and jealous in earlier stages of her battle with cancer. I want to show that he still cared a lot. Also the mom has just started being around again, she used to be a terrible mother, always on her phone even when Tess was near death, now she is making up for that and trying to rekindle her relationship with her husband. Haunt Me... Please? Cal POV \"Daddy, where's Tessa?\" I asked curiously, she hasn't been haunting me yet, and I wish she would start. I'm getting bored with having to watch dad cry every few minutes. His rugged features softened and his eyes started to tear up. \"Tessa's in a better place now Cal,\" he choked out. I know I shouldn't keep mentioning her but we had a deal. If we let her die, she had to haunt me. \"But she said she'd haunt me!\" I whined, feeling a sense of desperation crawl over me. \"I know bud, but she...just keep your head up,\" he murmured. I'm pretty sure he was talking to himself, and not really me. My head hasn't fallen. I mean she isn't really gone...if she haunts me at least. I plod into the other room and sit down on the fluffy, cream colored carpet. The carpet was starting to lose some of its usual fluffiness, its thick coat growing thinner every day. I couldn't help but connect that to Tessa, she got weaker and weaker every day until boom! She was gone. Something wet and salty dripped onto my lips. I ignored it and laid down, staring up at the ceiling, waiting for Tessa. I think it's my fault she died. Mother had told me to say goodbye, so I did...and then she died. \" Bye Tess. Haunt me if you like. I don't mind.\" I say lightly, my face only inches from hers. I hear mother making weird sobbing noises and then the same noise comes from my dad too, only louder. Tessa's chest stops rising and her features become completely still. In fact, everything goes still. For a split second it felt like the whole world had stopped to say goodbye to Tessa. A grin spreads slowly across my face and I lean down to kiss Tessa on the cheek. My parents look at me like i'm insane, my sister just died and I'm smiling. \" Everyone stopped for Tess, did you feel it!? The world said goodbye to her!\" I exclaim. \" Oh honey, I did feel it,\" Daddy whimpers. He wraps me up in a big bear hug, and wipes off the wet stuff on my face. That day was weird. That's the only way to describe it. All my parents did was cry, hour after hour, heart wrenching sobs that shook me in my sleep. But they didn't get Tessa to haunt them, so I understand why they were sad. I don't have to be sad, Tessa's going to haunt me really soon. I know it! \"Cal, come eat your breakfast!\" mother shouted from in the kitchen. It was a lame attempt at a shout though. It came out more like a small hiccup. \"Coming!\" A stack of pancakes was laid out on the table, each of them filled with blueberries-Tessa's favorite. \"Tes...\" mother stopped short and a bewildered look came about her face. She fell to the floor and clutched the bowl of pancake batter to her chest. \"She's gone, she's gone...my baby,\" she wailed, getting tears into the rest of the batter. Tears, tears, tears, that's all I see nowadays. \"Everything okay in here,\" Daddy said, rushing in. He saw his hunched up ex-wife and sunk down onto the tile floor with her, rubbing her back and trying not to cry himself. \"Are those blueberry pancakes?\" he asked hesitantly. I nodded, since Mother was too broken to look up. \"Tessa's favorite...\" I could tell he was about to break too, so I grabbed a pancake with my bare hand and scurried up to the 2nd floor, away from the sea of tears everyone was drowning in. I rounded the corner and saw the ruin of my sister's room to my left. Before she died, she had destroyed everything in a fit of rage; knocking all her furniture onto the floor, her pictures and memories shattering along with them. I felt compelled to walk towards her room, and I did so, as quietly as a mouse. The door creaked as I pushed it further open and crunched as it ran over an old picture frame on the ground. \"Tessa, are you in here? I'm still waiting for you to haunt me.\" I said loudly, so wherever she was she could hear me. With no reply I gathered up my courage and walked all the way into her room, shutting the door slowly behind me, until it was only open a crack. Her bed was strewn out on the ground, covered with Tessa's old clothing. But it was the only suitable place to sit, so I plopped down on it and waited for Tessa. After a half an hour of waiting I sighed and picked up a picture of the floor. It was me and Tessa on her 14th birthday...before she had cancer. She was giving me a piggyback ride and I was sneakily trying to maneuver a pointed birthday hat onto her long mane of blonde hair. She was smiling wide, not a care in the world. That's when I knew she was okay. Maybe she wasn't going to haunt me yet. But she was okay, everything will turn out right, as Tessa once said, \"I'll still be around.\" I know she meant it, even if I couldn't see her, she was here. Maybe that's what haunting really is, she is with me all the time, being able to physically see her was just not a part of our deal. \"I love you Tess, I know you're here with me, haunt me forever please, or I will miss you,\" I admitted, letting her image fill the room. I ran back down the stairs and into my parents arms, now all three of us sitting on the floor. \"I'm okay! We're all okay!\"I shouted, as if I just had an epiphany. Mother and Daddy smiled and nodded, enveloping me into a cocoon of love and warmth. Then I heard Tessa's voice once more, \"Moments. This is one. This right here, right now, is definitely a moment.\" *Hope you liked it the last quote was actually said by Tessa in the movie, so I thought I would weave it back into my little story, heart and favorite if you like it please :) ","Summary":" I just recently saw this amazing, yet heartbreaking movie called Now is Good and I was compelled to"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Don't Swear","Author":"Sara Jaye","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4883758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] An alternate take on the scene at the creek. * Trying to make death funny was Roberta's way of coping with the loss of her mother, but Chrissy hated that this meant Roberta scaring them all by faking her own death. She could tell that despite their surprised looks, Samantha and Teeny weren't really that surprised she'd slapped the other girl. \"Hey, for what it's worth I appreciate that you would've done the mouth to mouth thing,\" Roberta said lamely, but Chrissy didn't even look at her. \"Hey, come on...\" \"I wish you'd stop doing things like that,\" Chrissy snapped, tears running down her cheeks and her arms crossed over her chest. \"You scared me to death!\" Roberta smiled guiltily. \"I'm sorry.\" Chrissy turned around, arms still folded over her chest. \"You're my best friend. I don't know what I'd do without you...what we'd do without you, but mostly me,\" she said, sniffling. Without even blinking, Roberta reached out to brush away the other girl's tears. \"You've got one hell of a right hook,\" she said, and Chrissy laughed in spite of herself. \"Roberta, don't swear.\" \"Sorry.\" The taller girl smiled and toyed with the wet strands of her friend's hair. A moment of silence followed, then Roberta suddenly felt Chrissy's lips against hers in a clumsy, chaste kiss. As if by instinct, she kissed her back. When they pulled away a moment later, they were as red as tomatoes. \"...that was odd,\" Chrissy said. \"Um, sorry, I dunno what came over me!\" \"Wow.\" Roberta grinned. \"I didn't think you had it in you! This from the girl who says sex is like watering a garden?\" \" Roberta! \" Another, more awkward moment of silence followed, thankfully interrupted by Samantha and Teeny's raucous laughter. ","Summary":" An alternate take on the scene at the creek. * Trying to make death funny was Roberta's way of copi"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Now and Then","Author":"rikaraw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2438705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every child hasrnmemorable summers, some more than others, well my friends and I hadrnhad a lot through the years, whether we got are first kiss, or beatingrnup boys at a baseball game. We always knewrnhow to keep are self's entertained. Well that was last summer, thernsummer of 1970, the summer where we found are self's, the summer afterrnare first year at jr. high. This was the summer of 1971, the summerrnwhere werngrew into are skin for the first time, metaphorically of course, thernsummer before highscool. Itrnwas just past dawn as the sun arose over the small town of Shelby,rnIndiana. All of the houses were the same. They were the same shape,rncolor, and size. Everything In Shelby was the same nothing everrnchanged. Samantha thought as she sat glancing out at various thingsrnthrough her bedroom window. She hadn't been able to sleep, do tornher mother and her new boyfriend bickering all night long. Since herrnparents got a divorce her mom had started going through a weirdrnperiod in time where she started dressing like Nancy Sonata and wasrngoing through boyfriends so fast it could make your head spin. Samantharnturned to face her sister sneaking in through her bedroom door withrnher white and pink pajamas on and her stuffed rabbit clutched tightlyrnin her arms. Samantha reached her arm out motioning for her sister torncome and lye down with her. Her sister crawled into bed and Samantharnshut the curtains she had been looking through to examine the town.rnSamantha curled up next to her sister and wondered how she wasrnholding up. It wasn't exactly the easiest time for them with herrnmom prowling around town with different guys, her dad calling everyrnmonth from New York, with his new girlfriend Beth, and his soon to bernnew son Brad. She also wondered how her sister was dealing with theirrngrandma's recent death. Their grandma had passed just afterrnChristmas due to a heart attack; they still had a lot to sort throughrnat her house. With all of these thoughts building in her head itrnquickly put her back to sleep leaving her finish her thought in thernmorning. Teenyrnwas a very poise person, how she moved, sat, talked and acted hadrnthis certain elegance that she had taught herself without help fromrnher parents who were never around. She arose from bed with her hairrnalmost perfect and slid out of the covers only to walk over and sitrnat her mirror and make her hair more perfect. Teeny never got boredrnwith herself, she always seemed to manage to brush her hair exactlyrnone hundred times in the morning. After brushing her hair camerngetting dressed. Teeny loved clothes, teeny was obsessed with herrncloset as she opened it she stared at all of her clothes and put outrna slight smile she always did at the thought of getting to put on herrnwonderful clothes. Her closet was filled top to bottom with pants,rnshirts, skirts, dresses, costume jewelry, real jewelry even a fewrntemporary tattoos. Most were of flowers that went around your wrist.rnTeeny reached and grabbed her favorite bell bottoms, a light pinkrnshirt that went just under her belly button and then grabbed a whiternimitation pearl necklace that she would slip over her arms liftingrnher arms to let the necklace fall over her head and down her shirt tornher waste. It looked like an outfit similar to one she had seen in arnmagazine that was being worn by Jaclyn Smith. \"Perfect.\"rnShe let out smile as she looked at the outfit she had just created. The phones startedrnringing and Teeny went to answer it. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Teeny, itrnRoberta.\" Roberta's voice came through statically do to the badrnphone connection \"Hey Roberta what'srnup?' \"Chrissy, Sam and Irnare going to meet at Jims for breakfast, meet us down there ok.\" \"OK, I just need tornget dressed, bye.\" Teeny hung up thernphone and got ready. Teenyrnran down stairs and to her bike that was on the front porch, got onrnand headed out. Teeny loved Jims it was a nice place to eat for cheaprnwith good food and after Jim fired Wiladeni The witch, it became arnmuch more comfortable place toe eat. Speaking of Wiladeni, Teeny sawrnher standing up on the sidewalk on the street ahead. So Teeny road tornthe opposite side of the road to avoid close contact. No one wasrnquite sure why she was fired but they heard that she tried putting arnpotion someone's chocolate shake. AsrnTeeny road her bike staring straight at Wiladeni, not even blinkingrnshe just stared straight back at her. \"Whah!\"rnTeeny had been paying so much attention to Wiladeni that she hadrnalmost hit a mailbox. Teenyrnroad her bike across the road parking her bike right in front of thernstore. \"HeyrnTeeny.\" Said Roberta \"HeyrnTeeny.\" Said Chrissy \"HeyrnTeeny.\" Said Samantha \"HeyrnGuys, what's up?\" Teeny said as she slid into the booth \"WellrnI have asked you guys here today to ask you all a favor.\" Samantharnsaid sitting up in a professional manor. \"OkrnShoe.\" Roberta said while putting her fists down on the table \"Okrnmy mom is going through a nervous breakdown and I really want to sortrnthrough my grandma's things and move some to are attic for my mom.rn\" \"Sure Samantha, Id be glad to help.\" Chrissy cheerfully said first Werneach had about two boxes in are hands as we made are way across thernstreet to my house. We made are way upstairs and into the attic wherernwe started shifting boxes around. \"Whoops,rnI'm so sorry Sam.\" Chrissy said as she let her hands fly in thernair after knocking over some boxes that were dusty and looked likernthey hadn't been gone through in ages. As the boxes fell, one of therntops came off. A frame slid across the floor and hit the wall onrnthe other side. Samrnbent down to pick up the frame that contained some type of document.rnShe blew off the dust and wiped off the rest. \"Ohrnmy god!.\" Sam said as she dropped the picture frame on the floor. \"Whatrnis it Sam?\" Chrissy asked as she approached Sam \"Ohrnmy gosh!\" Roberta said wide eyed as she picked it up \"What,rnwhat is it?\" Teeny spit out \"Wellrnits Sam's birth certificate and it has her moms name but under herrndads name it isn't her dad! ","Summary":" Every child hasrnmemorable summers, some more than others, well my friends and I hadrnhad a lot thr"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Time Doesn't Stop","Author":"Sara Jaye","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5835520","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At the beginning of the summer before high school started, Teeny's father announced he was moving the family to some hoity-toity rich town in California, so the four of us spent every waking moment together. But on Teeny's last night in Shelby, we had a private sleepover in the forest behind my house. A lot had changed in the three years since that one summer. Roberta hooked up with Scott Wormer, they have an on and off relationship and everyone's placing bets on how soon they marry once high school's over. Chrissy finally tried dating and loves it, but she's still clueless about...well, most things. I think her mother's \"wisdom\" is permanently etched into her brain. My mother broke up with Mr. Kent and she's dating a new guy now. I like this one better because he doesn't try to be Mr. Cool all the time...plus, he lets me read his R. Crumb comics when Mom's not looking. Teeny...she grew further and further away from her parents, getting closer to my family. Mom started joking that she had three daughters because Teeny ate dinner and slept at our house at least twice a week. But it was okay, Mom didn't mind too much and Teeny's folks were too busy to notice. We'd grown closer than I'd ever imagined. She was my other half, almost a part of me, and I was almost a part of her. She was really leaving tomorrow, and the more it sank in the more I wished it wasn't true. I wanted Teeny to say guess what, Sam, I was kidding about the move! Or rebel against her folks at the last minute and stay here with my family. Or if all else failed, I just didn't want the night to end. \"Why do things have to change so much?\" I sighed. Teeny rolled over on her sleeping bag and nodded sadly. \"I know,\" she said. \"I wish we could just...stay fifteen forever. That we never had to worry about the future, getting married and having kids, turning into our parents.\" She scooted closer, leaning her head on my shoulder. \"Or better yet...I wish we could go back to the beginning of the summer three years ago. Remember when we were saving for the treehouse, doing all those kooky seances and reading the tarot cards?\" \"How could I forget? The mystery of Dear Johnny kept me up at night!\" I laughed. \"Hey, remember the softball game where I beat the shit out of that fat kid?\" \"After he made that crack about Roberta's mom,\" Teeny affirmed. \"Yeah, I saw that guy a few days ago and he's still walking a little funny. I don't think having kids of his own is in the cards for him!\" \"And the day we went to Greenfield and stopped for a swim, and Chrissy smacked Roberta,\" I said. \"Boy, those were the days...I wish we could go back to that summer, too. Everything was so simple then.\" Suddenly, tears began to run down my cheeks. \"Teeny, I don't want you to go! Nothing's gonna be the same without you!\" \"Oh, Sam...\" She reached up and wiped away my tears. \"I know. I don't want to leave you behind...I don't want to leave Chrissy and Roberta and Angela behind either, but mostly you.\" I kissed her then. A real kiss, right on the mouth, and to this day I still don't know why. And for some reason she didn't pull away...no, she kissed back. \"What did you do that for?\" she asked when we pulled back, and for a moment I was afraid she'd get mad. But she was smiling, so I just shrugged. \"Just felt like it, I guess,\" I said. \"It felt nice,\" she said. \"Not like kissing David Cassidy, but...\" \"I know,\" I laughed. It was just...warm and comforting, like the night I told her about my dad. \"I'm really gonna miss you,\" I whispered, hugging her tightly. \"I'll come visit you whenever I can.\" \"Me too, Sam,\" she murmured, locking her arms around my waist. \"But no matter how far apart we are, you'll always be my best friend.\" I closed my eyes, pulling the light summer blanket over us. \"I know.\" But even that bit of knowledge didn't stop me from wishing time would stop that night, and I know she felt the same way. ","Summary":" At the beginning of the summer before high school started, Teeny's father announced he was moving t"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Can I Trust Anyone Anymore?","Author":"liversss6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4733285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: Loveee this movie to death!) Disclaimer: I do not own any of Now and Then Prologue- Roberta's POV It has always been kind of difficult growing up with just a dad and only brothers. I always thought I would never forget the day my father told me she was 'lifted away by a beautiful angel before she could feel any pain'. But that memory soon faded when I found out the truth. She was fully conscious for the whole half hour or more they spent trying to extract her from the vehicle. Now that story is the one implanted in my brain. My dad was the one person I could count on, and he had lied to me. Can you imagine what kind of pressure that put on the family? None of us talked for days. Eventually, my oldest brother convinced my dad to apologize to me, and that he did. I forgave my father, but our trust is still queasy in the pit of my stomach. Can I really trust him? ","Summary":" (A/N: Loveee this movie to death!) Disclaimer: I do not own any of Now and Then Prologue- Roberta's"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Scott Wormer is Confused","Author":"ElliotsLover-DracosWife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6819076","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Even though this is the 16th fan fiction ever to be posted for this Movie, I cannot help but squeal! eeeeeeeeeeeehhhhh! I'm sorry but this is such a cute couple! Please check out my other stories! BTW this is NOT a one-shot, but a collection of scenes from the journey that is Roberta X Scott! I LOVE THIS SHIPPING SO MUCH! I own nothing but man do i wish i did! Scott Wormer was confused. He didn't understand how this could have happened to him. He was perfectly fine this morning when he went out with his brothers and when he got the guys to play Softball with him. Ah, yes, the Softball game, that was when it started. The guys had all been playing out there for hours when they showed up. They, of course being the bane of his existence: girls. Well, more specifically, one girl: Roberta Martin. Her long dark hair was held away from her striking face. One of the most exotic looking girls he had ever met, but could throw a right hook like any guy he knew. He remembered it perfectly. Scott hadn't even realized that she and her friends had come to watch, or in Roberta's case play, until he saw said girl take the bat from the ground and get into position. At first, Scott was shocked and still fairly annoyed from that stunt they pulled with his and his brother's clothes yesterday, but then another feeling came. Well, not a feeling per say, but more of a churning in his stomach and his hands started to sweat. For some unknown reason, he noticed the way the sun made her eyes look even more sharp and fierce then they usually were. Without even realizing, Scott began to smile at her. Quickly though, he regained his grip on the ball and attempted to do the same on reality. Accidentaly leaving his grin in place, he motioned for his teammates to come in, making it look like she wouldn't be able to hit it far. He knew the truth however, that Roberta Martin could play softball better than half the boys there and was one of the best batters in town. But he knew he had to keep up the façade that he hated her. Yes! That was the point he started getting confused. When had hating Roberta and her friends of course, become just a façade? He shook his head and looked back the now incredibly irritated Martin girl. \"This is for yesterday,\" he told her. He had no idea if the comment affected her at all, because the minute he finished, his eyes were immediately drawn to her lips. Those amazing lips that Scott would kill to kiss any day of the – ah! Not again. Shaking himself of any thoughts regarding making out with the girl in front, Scott winded up his arm and pitched the ball. Obviously what he had said had affected her because she fouled out on her first hit. Scott was about to throw once again when a voice cut through the air. \"Who are you kiddin'? Girls can't play softball!\" It was that punk-ass Brad Miller. Every other male (and female) sucked in a breath as they saw the look that came across Roberta's face. Most of them had grown up with the girl, and even if you hadn't, you had heard the stories of what happens to people who say Roberta Martin can't do something just because she was a girl. Smart people had learned not to make such comments, but Brad wasn't the smartest guy in the world. Roberta turned around. \"What did you say?\" Scott looked on with shock. Not so much that Brad was being a jerk, but more because of the feelings of anger and protectiveness surged through him. Roberta was better than any guy he knew! Especially Brad! How dare he insult her like that! With a pop of his gum and a widening of his eyes, Scott Wormer had an epiphany: he liked Roberta Martin. Not just liked, but like liked her. This of course happened within the time frame of about 2 seconds because he was soon brought back to reality by Brad saying: \"Girls can't play softball.\" Scott took one step forward before realizing that Roberta had already thrown her bat to the ground and began to stalk up the Brad. \"What she doin?\" Scott asked offhandedly. The black haired girl became very unpredictable when she got mad. He barely registered something her friend said about Roberta being a lady. Ha, that was a laugh. \"Why don't you go home, and play with your dolls?\" Brad taunted once again, right before Roberta punched him, knocking him back over the fence form where he was sitting. Scott couldn't even comprehend what had just happened before all his friends screamed \"FIGHT!\" and started running to the pair who were now rolling around on the ground, Roberta on top punching the shit out of him. Realizing he couldn't help her, he just stood there, cheering for Roberta as she continued her assault until her friends pulled her off Brad. \"You wimp!\" I yelled, not because he got beaten by Roberta, but because he tried to get her to leave with his words and wasn't able to handle the consequences of pissing off the Great Roberta Martin. \"Crazy Bitch!\" Brad yelled as he stood up, his nose bleeding. My blood began to boil as he spoke every word following Roberta's friends little quips. \"Foul Mouth!\" \"How does it feel getting the crap kicked out of you by a girl unh?\" \"It's too bad your mothers dead; somebody needs to teach you how to act like a girl.\" The crowd gasped at the words. That was a low blow even for Brad. More than anything, Scott wanted to jump on the guy and continue to beat him senseless, before he or Roberta could do anything though, her friends Samantha tackled Brad from behind and continued Roberta's previous work. Soon though, all four girls had Brad pinned to the ground, Teeny and Chrissy kneeling with hard grips on each of his arm and Samantha had his legs locked and on the ground. By now, the group had gone silent and backed up to give them some space. Roberta slowly came up beside him and kneeled by his side, a baseball bat in her hand. \"If you ever,\" she said in a dark whisper, \"talk about my mother again, I will put you through so much pain, you will be begging for death.\" With that, Roberta turned and smashed the bat against Brad's crouch, making all the guys shudder, Brad scream out in pain, and all of the girls smirk. Roberta simply stood up, dropped the bat, made her way to her bike, and went off into the street. The rest of the girls followed in suit. Everyone was silent except for Brad who was rolling on the ground, whimpering and holding himself. As everyone slowly scattered, Scott walked up to Brad who had finally gotten to his feet. Scott drew his arm back and punched him once again, hearing his nose crack and break under the force. Once again, Brad was on the ground whimpering in pain. \"If you every come near her again,\" Scott whispered menacingly, \"I will gladly offer Roberta the use of my dad's machete.\" With that, he turned away and followed his brothers home. ~.0.~ The memories of today's events rushed through his mind as he rounded the corner. Scott hadn't even realized that that he was now standing at the Martin's place until he heard Roberta playing Basketball. He looked on and noticed that her hair was only half up and it complemented both her neck and skin beautifully. What? He thought has he tried to put on the cool guy act. \"You're not following it though,\" Scott said as she missed the basket. It wasn't a lie, but Scott knew that he was really only trying to find an excuse to talk to her. Whipping her head around, he internally frowned as she scowled at him. \"Who asked you?\" she muttered. Shaking his head, Scott knew it was a lost cause so he simply kept walking. \"C'ya,\" he smiled even though he didn't think she saw, when in actuality, she did. Roberta Martin was confused. That was why she was out late playing with the basketball by herself instead of with her brothers; she needed time to think. Think about what? The one and only Scott Wormer. Mentally, she was cursing Scott as the image of him coming out of the water with his pale abs and carefree laughing. Though her friends were all obsessed about his penis (which she will admit was fairly impressive), Roberta was mesmerized by his laughter. She had only ever heard him laugh when he was tormenting her or her friends, but this was different. It was malicious or cruel, but light and charming. A smile donned her face as she recalled them running after their clothes as the girls biked away. The smile vanished though as she remembered her next encounter with the guy at the softball game, and how he ridiculed her by bringing everyone closer. \"This is for yesterday,\" he said, looking her straight in the eye. His words unnerved her, causing her to foul the first ball, but not for the reason he probably thought. She could only guess he had said the words to intimidate her, where instead, it only reminded her of watching him naked in the lake. The sound of his laughter and the vision of his well toned body made her shiver and lose concentration, thus the foul. Before she could go and hit a homerun, that asshole Brad Miller had to go and bad mouth her because she was a girl. Not surprisingly, this ended up with Roberta straddling Brad, punching the crap out of him while his nose continued to bleed from her first assault until her friends finally pulled her off the boy. Then he mentioned her mother. At the moment he said it, Roberta saw red. It was pure luck that Samantha had gotten there first, but Roberta soon followed her as did the rest of her friends. Roberta looked down as the girls pinned Brad to the ground. She picked up the bat and knelt by his side. He needed to learn. \"If you ever,\" she said in a strained tone, trying to keep her anger in check, \"talk about my mother again, I will put you through so much pain, you will be begging for death.\" With that, she rammed the bat into his dick and walked away. She could hear her friends calling after her but she needed to be alone. It was how she coped with things. Being the only girl in a family of 5 does that to a person. Before leaving however, Roberta turned back to look at the field, only to see Scott Wormer punch Brad, say something she was too far away to hear, and stalk off. This is when her confusion began. Scott hated her, so why would he punch one of his friends just because he had insulted her. This was what she was pondering as she missed the basket. Damn, she thought, this was the second time she faulted on sports because of freakin Scott Wormer . \"You're not following it through,\" a voice broke her out of her reverie and made Roberta jump as the object of her affection stood off to the side. Object of her affections? What? Roberta scowled at her mind's word choice. \"Who asked you?\" she grumbled and turned back to the net. Secretly though, she stared at him through the corner of her eye, and was pleasantly shocked as he smiled and said, \"C'ya.\" Roberta could not believe it. He had actually smiled at her. That thought sent warm chills up her spine and impulsively, she called out to him. \"Hey,\" she half-yelled, bouncing the ball to him. After his initial look of confusion, Scott got into place and expertly threw the ball, landing it one. Roberta caught the ball as it came back down and turned to see Scott smile at her smugly. The feelings annoyance returned and she threw the ball once more at him, using a little more force than necessary. Well, a lot more force if the sound of his grunt when he caught it was anything. Once again, she was pleasantly shocked as he turned around and bounced it back to her, initiating a One-on-one game. \"Let's go,\" he muttered with a small smile and determination in his eyes. Roberta's eyes flashed fiercely as the moved about, smiling as she got passed dunked the ball though the net. Scott caught and turned back around. Instead of finding anger or jealousy like she was expecting (and how most boys react to being beaten by a girl), he smile softened at the care free nature in his eyes and at the smile that showed mock-anger. Switching positions, Scott attempted to get by Roberta, but in the end, he missed it and that allowed her to make the winning shot. As he once again grabbed the ball and turned around, Roberta noticed that he looked nervous this time. \"You're pretty good, ya know,\" he said, playing with the basketball. Roberta smiled at the complement. \"Thanks.\" \"And I mean, like, not just for a girl,\" Scott stammered out, \"ya know, for a guy.\" Roberta wasn't sure whether that was a good thing or bad thing, but she decided to take it as the former. \"Thanks,\" she said, catching the ball. Now it was her turn to be nervous. She wasn't sure why, but she didn't want him to leave just yet. Thinking quickly she spoke, \"Uh, hey, um, you want a pop or something?\" she said, her voice cracking at the beginning. Scott's eyes seemed to light up (at least she thought so) and responded \"Cool, that'd be great.\" Nodding, she quickly entered her house and zoomed towards the kitchen. Getting there in seconds, she raced to the fridge and grabbed two cokes. \"Hey B,\" her dad said, scaring the living daylights out of her. In her rush, she hadn't even seen her father and brothers sitting at the table. \"Whatcha doin?\" he asked, motioning to the drinks she held. Roberta panicked and stammered, \"For my friends, um, the drinks are for my friends.\" As quickly as she came, Roberta left the kitchen and walked back out the door. Had her mom been there, she would have realized how nervous Roberta was and probably would have snuck out to watch through the window. But since they were only guys, her dad and brothers shrugged and turned back to whatever it was that were doing. Roberta came back out to find Scott sitting on their swinging bench. Slowly, she came over and sat next to him, silently handing him the drink. He nodded in thanks and took a sip. Quiet settled over them till Scott broke it. \"Roberta?\" he said. \"What?\" \"Why do you think we fight all the time?\" He asked, his arms resting on his knees as he looked out into the night. Roberta was surprised at the question, and even more surprised that she didn't know the answer. \"Just something we do I guess,\" she answered. \"Cause, I was wondering-\" he was about to continue but stopped, and seemed to re think his comment before answer again, \"cause I think you're a really nice girl.\" Roberta smiled at his words. \"I always thought you hated me,\" she said breathlessly. He thought she was nice? Not just nice, but really nice. Joy filled her lungs and spread through her heart and body. Scott sat up and said, \"So did I.\" A look of wonder came across his face and Roberta was curious as to why. Scott sat up even more and turned to her. His arm hesitantly set down on the back of the bench and he moved his whole body to be facing hers. \"Roberta?\" \"What?\" she said quickly. She was getting nervous, not just because of the arm or how his body was facing hers, but mostly because her own body felt as though it were calling to his. She wanted him to move closer, to extinguish any distance from the two of them. This isntense feeling was why she was nervous. \"Umm,\" he swallowed, \"canIkissyou?\" he said rapidly. \"What are you mumbling?\" She asked. She had thought she had heard what he said, but didn't want to believe it. Well, more like she didn't want to get her hopes up if she was honest with herself. Scott drew his hand back, but replaced it where it was again. \"Umm, would it be alright if,\" he took a deep breath and started over. \"Can I kiss you?\" Shock and happiness coursed through her body. She couldn't believe that he actually wanted to kiss her. Still in shock, she responded, \"I guess.\" \"Great, ready?\" He spoke, moving to her side quickly. Surprised at the sudden movement and at his enthusiasm, Roberta stammered, \"You wanna do it now?\" His body deflated. \"Sure, I mean, if you want to. . .\" his voice trailed off. Realizing what she had said, Roberta tried to back track. \"Sure.\" Turning her head, she moved to press her lips to his. Warmth engulfed her the feeling of his lips sent shouts of joy straight to her heart. Almost afraid of the sudden and intense feelings that the kiss cane with, Roberta ended it, but quickly regretting the action. They both leaned back. \"That was great,\" Scott said breathlessly. \"It was okay,\" she said. But it wasn't okay, not in the least. It wasn't great either. It was incredible, amazing – how do they say it in romance books? Oh yeah – toe-curling! She took another swig of coke, trying to regain her senses. \"Scott?\" she said, playing with her bottle. \"Yeah?\" he said eagerly, leaning forward once again. \"If you mention this to anyone, especially your brothers, I'll beat the shit out of you.\" Scott quickly drew away and leaned back. \"Okay,\" he whispered. Thinking he couldn't see, Roberta smiled as she thought of the kiss once again, but in actuality, he saw everything. Wow. He was not expecting that. Scott leaned back on the swinging bench that him and Roberta were sitting on and took another drink of coke, hoping it would calm his nerves. He had been shocked when she agreed to kiss him, and looking back on it, he felt like an idiot being so eager, but he couldn't help it. Roberta was the most amazing girl he had ever met and he had fantasized too many times that day about kissing her. When she leaned forward and their lips had touched, a feeling of euphoria washed over him. He was saddened by the loss of heat when she had pulled away, but it had been worth it. \"That was great,\" Scott said. But it was so much more he thought. He remembered when him and his brothers snuck into their mom's room and took out one of her Romance novels and starting looking for the sex scenes (he was a teenage boy, give him a break). Flipping it opened, he recalled reading the part when the guy and the girl kiss for the first time. It described it like there body's needed each other. \"Pure carnal madness coursing through my veins\" it said. When Scott kissed Roberta, it was that plus so much more. \"It was okay,\" He heard her say. If it had been any other way, any other girl, Scott probably would have nodded and then walked away. But when Roberta responded, he could her breathing heavily and felt her shiver right next to him. Considering it was summer in the south, he knew it wasn't form the cold. It was from him; from them. With that thought, Scott leaned back and smiled. Later, when she threatened to beat the shit out of him if he told anyone, Scott didn't lie to himself, he was scared. Bu once his eyes sneaked a peek at her afterwards, he couldn't help but internally jump for joy as he saw her smile slightly. God she had a pretty smile. And pretty hair. And pretty eyes. Oh hell, she was freaking beautiful everywhere. He was about to say something to break the silence, when a resounding Thunder boomed in the sky. The two teens looked up at the darkened clouds as rain quickly began to poor down. Jumping up swiftly, Roberta grabbed Scotts hand and ran to the gazebo her mom had built on the side of the house. Lights started going out across the street as people headed off to bed, leaving the two barely covered form the rain and whose only light source is the moon. Another crash of thunder and stroke of lightening flashed across the sky and Scott turned to Roberta as she gasped and moved closer, still clasping his hands in hers. \"Are you okay?\" He asked gently, boldly putting his free hand against her cheek. Though they were wet from the original downfall, her face was warm and soft against her fingers. She shivered and looked up from under her eyelashes. \"I don't like thunderstorms,\" she whispered ever so quietly. Scott was shocked to say the least. This strong, I-don't-take-crap-from-anyone girl, who beats up guys and kicks ass at any sport, is afraid of thunderstorms. Going on instinct only, Scott let go of her hand and hesitantly wrapped his arms around her. Though she stiffened at first, she quickly grabbed onto him as another crack shook the sky. She buried her face in his jacket, holding on to him for dear life. He leaned down and whispered soothing words as he held fast the fragile girl in his arms. If anyone had told him that morning that he would be comforting Roberta Martin during a storm right after they had kissed, he would have knocked their lights out for saying something so stupid. He didn't know how long they stayed that way, but the peaceful reverie was broken as they heard Roberta's dad calling for her to come inside. Surprised that he hadn't called earlier, Scott put his hand under Roberta's chin and lifted her face to look at him. With the moon shining brightly against her pale skin, Scott couldn't help think how much she looked like a goddess. \"Does your dad know?\" he asked quietly, not wanting to alert the elder man of his presence. Roberta merely shook are head and yelled back to her dad. \"Coming!\" She turned to face me once again. The thunder had gone down and now it was simply pouring in the Gaslight District. \"How?\" Scott asked incredulously. Though they didn't get many storms, when they did come they were brutal all night long. \"My mom died during a thunderstorm. They are already hard enough on my dad. I can't add my issues as well.\" Her voice sounded so weak and defeated that it broke his heart. Holding her tightly to him once again, he leaned down so his lips grazed her ears, feeling a sense of satisfaction as she shivered. \"I don't want you to be alone when it happens again. Come to me or I'll come to you. Either way, you won't go through this alone. Ever.\" He heard her sob and felt as her body tried to control it. Not able to speak, she merely nodded in the comforting confines of his jacket. \"Roberta!\" Her dad yelled again. Slowly, she untangled herself from the teen boy's jacket, shivering as the cold hit her body. Scott noticing this, slid off his warm coat and drapped it over her shoulders. \"You don't have too-\"he silenced her by bending down to kiss her lips. \"I know, but I want to,\" he whispered as they broke apart. Her eyes looked up to see him smile at her. The warmth and kindness in his eyes overwhelmed her and almost brought her to tears for the third time that night. Instead, she simply grinned back and leaned up to kiss him on the cheek. \"Thank Scott,\" she whispered against his ear like he had done earlier, and received the same shiver that he had. \"See ya later?\" He asked breathlessly. His smile widened as he saw her nod. \"Definitely.\" With that, Roberta turned around and ran into her house. Scott Wormer strode out of the gazebo without a care in the world, not minding the rain in the least, and replayed the night's events in his head as he walked down the street, his grin never wavering. HAHAH! I know the people who have read my Harry potter fic are mad at me for not updating, but i will! but please review! i do ever so much love it when people review! ","Summary":" Even though this is the 16th fan fiction ever to be posted for this Movie, I cannot help but squeal"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"La nouvelle génération","Author":"Mlanie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1651810","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Il est 6 heures du matin. Samantha va réveiller sa fille, Marie-Soleil, pour commencer leur yoga ensemble. Encore tout endormie, Marie-Soleil s'habille péniblement. Elle déteste ces séances de yoga mère/fille. Mais leur thérapeute familiale leur a suggéré de faire des activitées ensemble pour une meilleure communication. Au même instant, mais à plusieurs kilomètres de distance, Teeny et sa fille Rosalie font du jogging ensemble tout en placotant. Ces deux-là ont une très belle relation. Teeny ne voulait pas commettre les mêmes erreurs que ses parents avaient commises des années plutôt. À 6 heures, Roberta est assise devant une patinoire en train de boire un bon café et de regarder sa fille, Magalie, jouer au hockey. Pour une adolescente de 12 ans, elle est très douée et Roberta, qui aurait voulu pratiquer ce sport étant plus jeune, est très fière d'elle. À cette heure-là, Chrissy et sa fille Paméla dorment profondément dans des chambres voisines. Ces deux personnes se sont chicanées durement hier soir. Elles se sont couchées toutes les deux très tristes. Elles Étaient très fâchées l'une envers l'autre. Elles s'aiment également très fort. Nous sommes le 5 juillet 2003. Marie-Soleil est couchée sur son lit de camp. Elle n'arrive pas à dormir, car sa compagne de chambre, Magalie, n'arrête pas de ronfler. Marie-Soleil pense encore à ce qu'elles se sont dit, c'est-à-dire que leurs mères, Samantha et Roberta, étaient amies à leur âge. Marie-Solei et Magalie s'entendent à merveille. De vrais inséparables. Depuis le début du camp, elles ont passé d'inombrables heures ensemble. Rosalie et Paméla, deux compagnes de chambre au même camp que les deux filles ci-haut, dorment à poings fermés. Elles viennent de se faire de grandes confidences. Elles viennent de découvrir que leurs mères, Teeny et Chrissy, étaient copines à leur âge. Rosalie et Paméla étaient très émues de cette découverte. Nous sommes dans la nuit du 6 au 7 juillet. Le quatuor inséparable ( c'est ainsi qu'on les nommait au camp ) se retrouve au bord de l'eau, à la lisière du bois. Elles viennet parler plus longuement de leurs mères, de leur amitié dans les années '70. Cette découverte émerveille la nouvelle génération. \"- Dire que nos mères étaient amies!!, s'étona Marie-Soleil. Moi qui croyait qu'elle n'en avait jamais eues! - Je trouve cela incroyable que nous nous retrouvions au même camp!, de dire Rosalie. - Moi, je trouve cela très étrange..., dit Magalie. - Nous sommes au MÊME camp, les MÊMES dates!!!, se dit Paméla. - Moi je pense que c'est le destin!!, dit Marie-Soleil. On ne sait jamais ce qui peut arriver!! - ... - Ouais bon, je sais, c'est étrange, répliqua Marie-Soleil. - Est-ce que nos mères auraient manigancé pour qu'on se rencontre???, interrogea Magalie. - Peut-être, dirent à l'unisson Paméla et Rosalie. - Moi, je ne pense pas, je pense encore que c'est le destin, soutint Marie-Soleil. - De toute façon nous allons le savoir demain...\" Nous sommes le 7 juillet 2003, 10 heures a.m. Des larmes de joie coulaient apparaîssaient encore dans le coin des yeux de Samantha, Roberta, Teeny et Chrissy. Quelle surprise!! WOW! ","Summary":" Il est 6 heures du matin. Samantha va réveiller sa fille, Marie-Soleil, pour commencer leur yoga en"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"What happened to the Wormers?","Author":"boshrocks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3413394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Epilogue. \"Inwonder what happened to the Wormers?\" Sam asked as we watched thenkids playing Red Rover. We had also been part of the game but we gotntired and were just sitting on the grass outside the game watchingnand cheering our neighbourhood kids. Damn I hate getting old! We usednto say Chrissy was the fat one, but hey, I stole her place. We allnlooked at Samantha as though she was nuts. Why remember the Wormers?nThey were brats. I noticed Chrissy looking at me pointedly. Shenbetter not say anything. \"Whyndon't we ask Roberta that?\" Oh Chrissy you are SO dead! \"Chrissy,nno! We said we'd take it to the grave.\" I told her firmly. \"What'sngoing on here?\" Teeny asked in her nosey way. \"Nothing.nAbsolutely nothing.\" \"Don'tngive me that, Roberta. I may not have seen you for ten years, but Instill know you too well for you to hide stuff from us. Tell us. Comenon, Chrissy knows. Why can't you tell us?\" I lookednat Samantha. I looked into her honest brown eyes, so full of earnest.nShe raised an eyebrow at me, waiting for my answer. I may as wellntell them. They'll find out anyway. Chrissy's bound to tell them. \"I don'tnknow about the others, but I do know about Scott. We went to collegentogether, took the same course, medicine. We went out for months. No,nit wasn't months, it was years.\" \"Youndated a Wormer?! But they were the enemy!\" I could read the shocknon Teeny's open, pretty face. \"Remembernthat summer we bought the tree house?\" I asked looking up at it tonavoid their eyes. \"Well, do you remember I stopped taping up mynboobs that summer? I did it because of him.\" \"What?\"nSam and Teeny said together disbelievingly. \"It'sntrue, she told me. And don't swear.\" \"Chris,nboob is not a swear word. And yes it's true. You knew I stopped onnthat day we found out about Dear Jonny, but not why. Not even you,nTeeny, who considered yourself an expert on romance at age twelve.nNone of you suspected a thing. Not through high school, when I wasnsecretly dating him, not through all the years we dated.\" \"Yeah, Inwas surprised you managed to pull it off.\" Chrissy lookednsurprised. She had known, because she wanted to know where I keptndisappearing to, so she spied on me and saw me with him. \"Itnwasn't that hard. Neither of us wanted to tell anyone for fear ofnwhat they'd think of us. He… was my first love, and I was his.nThe night before we found out about poor Jonny Sims, he kissed me,nwhich was odd at the time because we both thought we hated eachnother. That's why he changed. It's why he wasn't such a jerknanymore.\" I broke off, a little choke in my voice betraying what Infelt. I was still sore over the way it ended. Even though it hadnhappened about seven years ago, and it was an on-off relationshipnanyway, it was still hard. They allnsmiled at me and concealed their surprise. \"Whonknew it would be you?\" Teeny asked kindly taking my hand and givingnit a squeeze. \"He did.nHe was such a gentleman. I really miss him.\" I finished quietly. Antear was threatening to escape so I got up and rejoined the game sonthey wouldn't see my emotion. I knew I could trust them and I hadnshown emotion before but they wouldn't understand. I'd only knownnreal love once, and that was it. In a way I was still in love withnhim. No matter how hard I tried to forget him, I couldn't. Samanthanshould write a book about it. Except shendoesn't write romances. ","Summary":" Epilogue. \"Inwonder what happened to the Wormers?\" Sam asked as we watched thenkids playing Red R"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Barrier","Author":"Smoltenica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3094571","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N:rnAs I'm studying 'Now and Then' in English, I'm fast becomingrnobsessed with the film. I suppose this obsession is also fuelled byrnthe fact that I liked this film in the first place. Sam's mum, inrnparticular, has always intrigued me- especially the night that Tedrnleaves (before the second séance over Dear Johnny's grave).rnThe way she stood outside Sam's bedroom, just sort of looking in,rnbut not going, as though she could sense the barrier that was betweenrnthem- that was the real Sam's mother, not the woman who flirtedrnscandalously with Bud on a first date and who dressed like NancyrnSinatra. Note,rnI don't own 'Now and Then'. I don't own Sam, I don't ownrnher mum- to put it simply; I don't own Shelby, Indiana. All I ownrnis the computer in which I am typing this story. (Yes, I own arncomputer! Yay!) This is yet another unbeta-d piece of work.rnUn-betaed? Unbetad? As such, I'd really appreciate all reviews.rnThanks for taking the time to even get past this massive author'srnnote, and I hope you enjoy the fic! If you don't, just drop a linernand say way. Irnpeer in from the doorway. You lie in bed, your blankets pulled up tornyour serene face- but I know. I know you are awake, I know you sawrnyour father leave. Withrnthis, our relationship is changed now. You will not trust me as yournwere once able, and neither can I open up to you. What I'd do tornmake you understand! I stare at the wall in front of me, unable tornfind the words. What can I say, that will make things right? Therntruth is, I can't. Oh,rnSamantha, there is so much more in life than what you've seen.rnYou've lived a sheltered life- you know it as well as I. Butrnshelters can't save you from a storm that rocks from beneath. Don'trnthink I'm not hurt, my darling. Don't think I haven't felt thernpressures, haven't wondered what I'm doing to you and yourrnsister. Don't think that Ted and I haven't tried to make thingsrnwork out, because we have. Yournlie with your face slightly inclined to the wall, and the moonlightrnplays gently on your cheeks. That same moonlight saw your fatherrnleaving the Gaslight Addition. That same moonlight, so deceptivelyrngentle, has taken your world, and shaken it around, tipped it upsiderndown, and left you. Yournwill not forget it. I will not forget it. Yet we cannot share ourrngrief- it is that which tears us apart. Irnwill never forget what your father once was to me, nor will I forgetrnwhat he has become. I cannot forget what he gave me, because onernthing he gave me was you, another, your sister. If only you couldrnunderstand that! Butrnbecause I know I can do nothing, I silently close the door to yourrnroom and walk away. BeforernI enter the solace of my own room- mine now, I cannot say \"ours\"rnnow that Ted is gone- I hear something like a quilt being thrownrnbackwards, something like a young girl escaping from a window. Irnwish I could escape like you can. I pray that you'll forgive me. Irnlove you, Samantha. I hope that one day, you'll realise that Irnalways have, and I always will. ","Summary":" A/N:rnAs I'm studying 'Now and Then' in English, I'm fast becomingrnobsessed with the film. I suppo"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"A Lying Game","Author":"Sarcastic Musician","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6266271","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, So this is a Sam/OC pairing and I think it stays true to the character I believe Sam to be. If not, your advice will definitely be helpful. Now onto the story, I hope you enjoy... Sam's POV Sitting in the tree house with my best friends surrounding me and Chrissy's new baby, Janeane, being passed around got me thinking about the possibility for this life for me. Now I've never been one for maternal instincts but the love here seems to engulf each person. After my family broke apart the walls were built high and thick around my heart, letting only those three people in. Of course this seemed to ward off any possible chance of having an easy relationship with Ryan. Every time he gets close making me think about letting him into my heart, I pull back. Whether out of fear of the person I could become if I let him in. He could leave just as my father had or I might become too dependent and his leaving would hurt more then it had when my father left. These reasons I had told myself as I packed up my things and came to this place two days ago. Ryan wouldn't know the difference, he'd move on, find a woman he deserves and have that easy relationship that he deserves. My eyes water at these thought because though I do care for that man I know he deserves more from life then a scared and scarred woman who at every chance denies her feelings for him. \"What is it, Sam?\" Teeny asked \"Oh, nothing.\" I reply deciding not to bother them with the reest of the story I left untold from my previous rant. After a few more minutes Chrissy's baby went into hysterics again which, I'm not going to lie, nearly gave me a heart attach. Thus prompting us to flee the tree house seeking the cool, plastic covered, air conditioned house. As Chrissy and Roberta got to feeding Janeane, Teeny and I sat in the living room looking through Chrissy's old photo albums, commenting every so often on the changes marked in each picture. \"That's when we thought Chrissy lost her mind.\" Teeny spoke up pointing to a photo of Chrissy and Morten dancing at or freshmen homecoming dance. Nodding my head and smiling I point to the second picture on the page. \"Yes and here's where we found out Roberta and Scott were going to make it. Seems like there still going strong, strange.\" Leaning over the picture for a better look we saw Roberta smiling as her fist hit Scott, yet in the middle of standing up for a dance. Laughing at the memory Teeny and I quickly close the album as Roberta and Chrissy with Janeane in her arms come into the room. As we quickly hide our laughter and the album the two and a half girls join us in the uncomfortable plastic covered living room. Roberta reached over and turned on the radio and as luck would have it, it was a song we all knew all to well from the many trials of our life. Bringing Tenny and I to bust out singing the first few lines. \"Grandpa, tell me 'bout the good old days, Sometimes it feels like this worlds gone crazy, Grandpa, take me back to yesterday, When the line between right and wrong, Didn't seem so hazy.\" Smiling Teeny and I began dancing around the once quiet and orderly room. Our enthusiasm prompting the others to join in on the chorus. \"Did lovers really fall in love to stay, And stand beside each other, come what may, Was a promise really something people kept, Not just something they would say, Did families really bow their heads to pray, Did daddies really never go away, Oh, grandpa, tell me 'bout the good old days.\" Before we could sing the next lines an embarrassed throat clearing caused us to turn down the music and sit back down with a blush on Chrissy's face. Standing in the doorway Morten spoke up with a sheepish grin, \"Sorry for the interruption ladies but there's a Ryan Beckman here to see Sam.\" After his quick words he shuffled back into his den leaving me with a choice. Go face my apparent stalker or leave him waiting until he gave up. There are two problems with the second option one, he won't give up (I've tried that before) and two, I'll have to deal with the twenty-one question most likely already swimming around the others' heads. Before any questions could be asked, I quickly walked to the front door mumbling a certain four letter word under my breath. Opening the door I'm greeted with the sight of Ryan's short shaggy dark brown hair, wearing his casual clothing though they looked as though he had not been to bed last night. Greeting Ryan civilly I crossed my arms and waited for a reply. \"Hello ladies.\" He spoke and looking behind me I notice my friends eagerly and not so secretly spying on us. Stepping out the door and closing it securely behind me I led him to Chrissy's backyard. Standing in the middle of the yard I spoke, \"How did you find me?\" \"Well, that's not much of a greeting now is it?\" Ryan replied smiling. \"You know your not the easiest person to find don't you, you left nothing at your house only your answering machine allowed me any clue.\" \"Should I be nervous you were in my house?\" I replied smirking \"You gave me the key.\" \"I told you that was a mistake.\" \"And I told you I know when your lying. There's no need to be afraid of your feelings, I won't hurt you.\" After this he leaned over the space between us trying to give me a hug of comfort. But before he could close the space, my mind began working again causing me to move away and seek safety in the old swing set of my childhood. \"I'm not lying, Ryan. And what I said last night is true. You deserve so much better, you deserve some one who can actually have a personal relationship without feeling the need to run.\" Kneeling down in front of me Ryan put his hand on my knees causing me to look him in the eyes. \"Do you understand how boring it would be to have a woman like that. How horrible it would be to come home every day to a wife who's only conversation is what the kids had done that day. Instead of you, who has her own mind and has her own ideas instead of only agreeing with mine. I love you and I know though you try to hide it, you feel the same. Now lets go inside, I feel your friends may in fact get there faces frozen like that if they stay any longer with their faces pressed against the glass. Nodding slowly I stand up and walk with him to the sliding glass door, laughing quietly as my friends try desperately to act as though they had not just been spying on me and Ryan.[Chapter 2] Hey sorry for the slow update I just got confused or something but I love this story so much. So I hope you enjoy and please Review It'll give me a reason to write faster. Once inside I take a seat where I had been earlier, only now Teeny is on the other side of the room watching Ryan and I. He sits beside me, close to laughing at my friends' faces. \"I take it you don't take many of the guys home.\" Ryan says sarcastically \"Shut up.\" I same nudging him slightly, \"Besides you stalked me down, I didn't bring you here.\" \"Hey, whatever works.\" He says leaning back, \"How long do you think their faces are going to stay that?\" \"Not sure.\" I say leaning back as his arm encircles my shoulders. \"Do..Do you want a drink umm..\" Chrissy asked fumbling with her words \"It's Ryan and no thank you. But if you point me toward the kitchen I'd be happy t get you all something to drink, it'll be easier for you guys to talk about me.\" He said smiling at the girls' blushing. \"Sure, the kitchens right through that door to the left.\" Chrissy said Nodding obediently, Ryan followed her instructions and sat to bringing lemonade for us. Sighing, I shrunk down in my seat as the girls circled around me staring at me curiously. \"So..\" Roberta said surprised \"How about those Lakers?\" I say a little loudly and I can hear laughter that sounds suspiciously like Ryan's coming from the kitchen. \"Samantha!\" Chrissy said \"Chrissy!\" I said mockingly, childish yes but at the moment I honestly can't bring myself to care. \"How long has this been going on?\" Roberta bluntly asked \"How long has what been going on?\" I ask again in a desperate attempt at stalling. But one look from Robert brought the stalling to a stop. \"I'm not sure, I don't keep a tally in my pink and sparkly diary.\" I say sarcastically Just then we all turn around at the sound of glasses being sat on coasters on the coffee table. \"Actually dear, it has been going on for almost two years.\" Ryan said finishing pouring the glasses. I shrug as he once again sits beside me. Sure, I know its been almost two years, I think it started in June, but I still can't accept this is real and until I know so I need to keep these little things to myself. \"So what do you do?\" Chrissy asked in an attempt at small talk \"I'm writer like Sam. I've written a few books and sometimes I write free lance articles for the news paper.\" \"Any books we would have heard of?\" Teeny questioned \"Maybe lets see there were, Trouble in the Time of the Fallen and Truth when the World is Lieing .\" \"Cool, so how did you two meet?\" Chrisy questioned \"You know how about I leave you guys here and I'll go pick up some milk.\" I said trying to get up \"No, no you've done that before. Come on answer their questions.\" Ryan said making me sit back down. \"So how did you two meet?\" Teeny asked \"He was my neighbor.\" \"Was?\" Roberta asked curiously I was content to nod while Ryan had to add that we had moved in together. \"So how was your first date?\" Chrissy asked \"Chrissy!\" I exclaim, honestly do they want our whole life story or something \"I'm curious, okay? Jeeze, go on.\" \"Well after about twenty million denials I finally convinced her to go out with me. We went to the cliched dinner and a movie.\" He said summing up our date. Before they continued their twenty one questions the clock chimed seven and they were off to meet Roberta's boyfriend for dinner. ","Summary":" Hi, So this is a Sam/OC pairing and I think it stays true to the character I believe Sam to be. If "},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"HI SCOTT!","Author":"time.forgets","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4206011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A.N. YAY my first Now and Then fic. I hope you enjoy it. Please review, Jules. Disclaimer. I don't own any of the characters etc. Tap Tap Tap Tap He was getting impatient now; the rocks were slowly getting bigger and bigger. Bang BANG BANG! \"What the hell do you think your doing!? Are you TRYING to break the frigging window!?\" Roberta yelled out her window to the shadowy figure of Scott in the garden below. He put the rock that he was just about to throw at her window down. \"I just came to see you!\" Lucky her dad and brothers were out, otherwise this could have been quite the scene. \"Well what if I don't want to see you!\" She argued back, he was really starting to get on her nerves. \"But I thought we were together!\" He said, his voice breaking on the last word. \"Well we're not so piss off!\" Roberta went back and laid down on her bed. While she was lying there she thought about what Scott had said. So what if they had kissed; it wasn't like she had signed some contract saying that she would go out with him. But did she want to? She was thinking that over when a loud crash came from outside her window. She quickly jumped up and ran to her window. \"Scott! I said piss off!\" \"Well I came to see you, so move out the way so I can get in.\" She moved away but not for the reason that he thought. She wouldn't be able to get a decent punch in if he was dangling on the window sill. As soon as he stood up straight, Roberta rugby tackled him to the ground and started to punch him. She wasn't mean enough to punch him in the face when he hadn't done much but she was putting her weight behind the ones she was sending on his arms and torso. After the initial shock had worn off, Scott joined in the fight, aiming his punches carefully; he didn't want to hit her in the face. He wasn't THAT mean. They rolled around, each trying to dominate the fight but when Roberta rolled on top after a couple of minutes, she froze. She realized the awkwardness of this situation only a second before he felt it. She had her legs either side of him and she was leaning down low ready to punch him. It was heightened by the fact that her pyjamas were less like pyjamas and more like a massive shirt and her underwear. Her bare legs just met Scotts at the bottom of his shorts and she could feel his breath on her face. The same awkwardness that was there the night they kissed was back. He grabbed her head so quickly she didn't have time to protest and suddenly his lips were on hers and it felt the same as the time on the swing. Not particularly nice and it was all wet. She decided she didn't like kissing much. Once they had separated and stood up, Scott looked at her with obvious happiness on his face. Roberta looked at him like she had eaten something gross. \"Wasn't that good?\" Scott asked, enthusiastic. \"No it was all wet and gross.\" She replied, wrinkling up her nose and the memory. She reached over and punched once in the arm. \"That's for not asking this time.\" \"What would you have said?\" Scott asked, curiosity lighting up his face. Roberta was thankful for the fact that the darkness prevented him from seeing the blush that crept up her face. \"Yes. Now clear off.\" Scott jumped out the window and back down the tree, a huge smile on his face the whole time. \"Hey Roberta!\" Sam called across the street. Roberta ran over to catch up with her friends. When she got there Sam hit her hlightly on the arm in greeting. \"OW!\" Roberta yelled. The previous night's events had obviously left a mark. \"What's wrong? I didn't hit you that hard. You've had worse beatings than that.\" \"Well I've got a bruise there.\" Roberta replied casually. She didn't want anyone finding about last night. \"Cool let's see!\" Teeny yelled, pulling Roberta's shirt sleeves up, to reveal lots of dark blue and purple marks. \"Whoa, who did you get in a fight with last night?\" Chrissie asked, still looking at Roberta's arm. \"Scott\" she mumbled before starting to walk towards their favorite place to hang out, the park. \"Hey, you can't spring something like that on us and then walk away!\" Teeny yelled after her. \"Where did you see Scott?\" Sam asked her. Roberta was quickly getting sick of their probing questions. Why did they even care so much? She was always in fights and one with Scott was no big. They had been in tones of fights; she had even broken his jaw once. Maybe she had been too obvious that day they were painting the garage door, or maybe he had. Yeah, there was no way it was her fault, he had stared at her for too long. \"Roberta? Roberta?\" Chrissie was waving her hand in front of her face. Woops she thought. \"Hey look! Speaking of the devil,\" Sam said happily. \"HI SCOTT!\" Teeny yelled across the park, as loud as she possible could. Chrissie, Sam and Teeny all looked at each other then all screamed \"HIIII SCOOOOOTTTTTTTT!\" Roberta was trying, and failing, to hide herself from Scott who was looking in their direction curiously. At least he was alone, his brothers weren't in sight. He put his hand up in a pathetic wave and looked meaningfully at Roberta. Don't do that! Roberta was screaming in her mind. They'll see! The look didn't get past Teeny, Sam and Chrissie and they all glared at Roberta and dragged her behind the nearest tree. \"What is going on between you and Scott Wormer?\" Teeny said in a commanding tone. \"Nothing\" Roberta said, looking at the ground. \"Yeah, like we're gunna believe that. What's going on with you and Scott?\" Sam said, adopting the same tone as Teeny. Roberta looked around, she was trapped. She looked at each of their faces. Teeny's full of curiosity and was it jealousy? Sam's full of surprise and a bit of an 'I knew it' look. Chrissie's was open and honest. At least she wouldn't tease her about Scott…maybe. \"We just kissed. It was no big deal.\" She said, once again to the ground. \"OMG!\" Teeny's scream was loudest but Chrissie's came a close second. \"Was it a make out kiss or just peck kiss?\" Teeny asked, her voice high with excitement. \"Well the first one was a peck and the second was a make out.\" The second part of the sentence was drowned out due to the fact that all three girls had screamed out \"YOU'VE KISSED HIM MORE THAN ONCE!\" \"Oh! Our little Roberta is becoming a lady.\" Teeny said dramatically, faking a tear. \"Drop dead.\" Sam and Chrissie stopped laughing abruptly when Roberta punched them in the arm. \"OW! What was that for?\" Chrissie asked. \"You're making fun of me!\" Roberta yelled back. Teeny, Chrissie and Sam looked at each other and cracked up laughing. Roberta stood up and quickly ran from the park. \"Wait! Roberta! It was only a joke! We won't laugh any more, we promise!\" Chrissie yelled after the quickly retreating back of Roberta. Roberta figured her friends were either going to support her in this, or they weren't. Their loud laughter still coming from behind her was her answer.[Chapter 2] Next chapter. It is about Roberta mainly now but once I get into the story it will be more about the four of them. Hope you enjoy, plase review, Jules. I don't own them yadayadayada \"Roberta! Wait up!\" A familiar voice came from behind her. He was probably one of the last people she wanted to talk to now. \"So I'm not allowed to tell my brothers or friends but you can tell yours?\" Scott asked jokingly. Roberta wasn't in the mood for jokes though. \"I didn't tell them, they figured it out. Not that hard with you looking at me like that! Could you be anymore obvious?\" Roberta answered back snarkily. \"What did you tell them?\" Scott asked tentatively, he could see Roberta was not in a good mood. She sank onto the bench they were standing next to and said in a defeated tone \"I told them we kissed.\" Scott was nodding his head a smile on his face. \"Did you tell them we were together?\" He asked hopefully. \"No! Coz we're not! Got that fart ass?\" \"Okay, then what happened? Coz you're not with you friends so that must mean something big!\" Scott said and Roberta was pretty sure he had just ignored her last sentence. \"They…they laughed at me.\" Roberta said quietly. She could feel the tears coming but she didn't want to let them out. She didn't know why she reacted so strongly to their laughter but she was in new territory and she new it wasn't her. She wasn't supposed to kiss a boy before Teeny; she wasn't supposed to like boys. She was Roberta she liked sports, got in fights and hated dresses, and boys for that matter. And she definitely wasn't supposed to like Scott, a Wormer. The tears started to fall and she couldn't do anything to stop them. Scott sat down next to her and put his arm around her shoulders and cradled her as she cried. Roberta suddenly felt completely stupid. Imagine what this would look like from an outsider's point of view. She cracked up laughing and stood up. \"Thanks for that Scott, but I gotta go find my friends.\" She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and realized she could get used to that, then quickly ran towards the park, hoping Chrissie, Teeny and Sam were still there. She only just realized what was so funny. It was Scott. They knew him since pre-school, and they hated each other. They were always getting in fights and yelling at each other. And frankly, she would have laughed if Teeny had kissed someone and it was probably funnier seeing as it was her, the boy hater. She was still mad at them for laughing, but at least she understood why they were doing it now. \"Oi! You guys haven't asked me the biggest question yet!\" She yelled to where Chrissie, Sam and Teeny were all sitting. \"You're talking to us!\" Chrissie said, obviously surprised. \"What do you think I'm doing now?\" Roberta joked. \"So are you guys gunna ask?\" \"Ask what?\" Sam questioned. \"Oh my god! Are you guys together!\" Teeny yelled excitedly. \"No. Who do you think I am?\" Roberta said, laughing along with them. Teeny and Sam looked at each other. They both had seen Roberta's mood swings, where she had gone, in a few seconds, from talking casually to someone about something to punching their face in. At least they were use to it now. \"Hey, you guys wanna go grab a drink?\" Sam asked the group. \"Yeah sure!\" They all replied. Once they were all piled in a booth at their favorite café, with a black cow each, the questions started coming. \"So, how was it?\" Teeny said, looking Roberta in the eye. \"What are you, a pervert or something?\" Chrissie said accusingly. \"We're still waiting for an answer here.\" Sam hinted. Roberta spent as long as she could stirring her drink. After a minute of stirring, licking the excess off her spoon and taking a sip, she looked up. \"It was all wet and gross!\" She said, screwing up her nose. The three girls looking at her curiously all cracked up laughing. Teeny was gasping for breath and she was laughing so hard people were starting to look at her strangely. Sam was also laughing very hard but hers had gone the opposite way. The only sounds that she was making were occasional gasps and she laughed hard and silently. Chrissie wasn't laughing as hard as the others, probably afraid that Roberta would walk off again. She was laughing loudly but not as loudly as Teeny. \"You'll get used to it.\" Teeny said in what was supposed to be a comforting way but was coming off a bit strange as she was still trying not to laugh. \"Have you ever kissed anyone?\" Roberta asked coldly. \"Yes\" Teeny said proudly. \"Fifth grade.\" \"Properly?\" Roberta added. \"No. What does it matter though?\" Roberta leant in close to Teeny and said quietly. \"So don't give me advice.\" \"But you're so clueless about this sort of stuff!\" Sam backed Teeny up. \"Well she managed to get kissed. That's gotta count for something.\" Chrissie jumped to Roberta's defense. \"Ok then. Tell us how it happened. If there was anything that can be accredited to you, then we'll lay off.\" They were all looking at her now. Wasn't Chrissie supposed to be on her side? This is so not fair! \"Fine. The first time, I was playing basketball and he was showing me stuff-\" \"Wait, how did he get in arms length of you and not get punched?\" Teeny asked. \"Shut up! Do you want me to tell you the story or not.\" When there was silence she carried on. \"And I invited him in for a pop and he asked why we fought all the time, and he said he thought I was a nice girl.\" Roberta trailed off at the last bit and her cheeks flushed bright red. \"Awww!\" Sam said but quickly stopped at Roberta's death glare. She cleared her throat. \"Go on.\" \"And then…he asked if he could kiss me. And I said yes.\" The last bit was said matter of fact-ly, like, if you tease me about this, I'll punch your face in. \"Okay, well that wasn't you.\" Teeny said. \"Hey! I successfully wooed him\" Roberta replied angrily. \"Did you try to woo him?\" Chrissie asked. \"No, but-\" \"Then it wasn't you\" Sam finished. \"What about the second time?\" \"Well he was outside my window last night and the stupid idiot was throwing friggin' rocks at my window.\" Teeny sighed. It was just like a movie. \"And so I told him to piss off-\" \"Don't swear Roberta!\" Chrissie replied automatically to Roberta's dirty word. \"But he climbed up the tree- you know, I'm gunna cut that tree down- and he got in my room so I punched and we got into a fight.\" \"Typical.\" Teeny said dryly. Roberta's answer was a poked out tongue Teeny's direction. \"And then…\" She was trying to think of a way to explain the sudden awkwardness in the air. It was sort of like the air between them had turned into pancake batter or something as thick. It was so quick it was like someone had flicked a switch, it was like someone had just punched her in the gut. And then his hands brought her head down and they were joined together for a few seconds. She could feel his lips moving against hers, almost like he was talking to her silently. And then she pulled away, only gently, but he took his hand from behind her head and let her escape, and it was over. Thinking about it now, it didn't seem so bad. She probably just didn't remember all the bad bits; she had probably blocked them from her mind. \"…we kissed.\" \"That's it?\" Teeny asked, shocked. \"Then what?\" \"I punched him.\" The three girls broke, once again, into fits of laughter that caught the attention of the people sitting next to him. \"You have absolutely no tact!\" Sam gasped, in between fits of laughter. Roberta poked her tongue out at her. \"That's mature.\" ","Summary":" A.N. YAY my first Now and Then fic. I hope you enjoy it. Please review, Jules. Disclaimer. I don't "},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"The Summer of 1972","Author":"fyfytj","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11242474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The summer of 1972 started off without a hitch. School had just let out, and with the anticipation of high school upon us, we hardly looked back. Ever since the summer of 1970, the summer of \"Dear Johnny\" and my parents separation, the four of us had grown more and more independent from each other. But none of the four of us, I had imagined, had forgotten our pact to always be there for one another when we needed it. It was a promise that would be fulfilled several times in the many years since: - Teeny's first wedding in '77, which of course ended in a divorce (or was \"annulled\" as she puts it). And her second wedding. And her third... - Chrissy's marriage to Mort in '83, and the birth of their little girl just a few years ago. - Roberta's brother being shipped off to Vietnam in the spring of '71. - The publication of my first book, The Alien Next Door , back in '85. Anyway, in the two years since making the pact, however, we had started to drift apart. What had originally been a tight-knit quartet had slowly brached off into two pairs; Teeny and I on one end, and Roberta and Chrissy on the other. Chalk it up to mutually changing interests I guess, but there was definitely no animosity. We even hung out, in the treehouse on occasion, but it was just... not the same since that last seance in the graveyard. But still, Teeny and I were (almost) just as excited about summer vacation as ever considering we were going into high school the following year, and never ruled out the possibility of hanging out with Chrissy and Roberta whenever we could. And with that vague hope in the back of our minds, we began three months of freedom that would lead us throughout a truly unforgettable summer.[Chapter 2] 1 On a humid night in mid-June, Teeny and I, with nothing else to do, took our bikes to the only theater in the Gaslight Addition to see Last House on the Left , a new movie which had gained quite a reputation in school as the most disturbing thing ever; we had to check it out. On the way we saw countless other kids our age out and about; stray fireworks sounded off in the distance in early celebration for the upcoming 4th of July, but our ride was otherwise made in verbal silence until Teeny suddenly spoke up. \"We should've asked them to come along.\" I of course knew who \"they\" were. \"Yeah, I guess we should've. Don't know if they would come though. Haven't seen them in a while, actually.\" This was true; in fact, I couldn't remember off the top of my head the last time I had seen either one of them, let alone the four of us being together. As I said earlier, in August of '71 Roberta's older brother Mike was shipped off to Vietnam, annointed by Uncle Sam to massacre villages of civilians in the name of democracy. That's when our tight-knit group really began to change as she withdrew and Chrissy went with her. Since then we were lucky if three of us ended up in the tree house at the same time. But never all four. It wasn't long before the theater became visible in the distance (Shelby was and is a small town after all), and any continuation of the conversation was cut short. We pulled into a dark alleyway next to the theater to stash our bikes, which provided a nice hiding spot from the bustling activity around us. Satisfied, we turned around to where we entered and started ba- Teeny made a sudden, short utterance of surprise as I saw her shadow fall into the darkness of the alley ground. \"Goddamnit!\" \"You okay?\" I asked with a chuckle as I took her hand. \"...Yeah. Just tripped over another bike...\" she responded, sounding a little confused. I could barely make out the silhouette of a bicycle laying on the ground near where we entered. Looking more closely, I noticed another bike laying next to it. \"Very considerate\" Teeny piped up at the sight. We stepped over the haphazardly-placed bike and turned the corner toward the theater. Even amidst the crowd around us I had taken to looking down ahead of my feet as I walked, stepping over cracks and thinking about a short story I had been secretly working on when I heard a familiar - and missed - voice call out my and Teeny's names from up ahead. Looking up and ahead confirmed what I'd assumed as a smile spread across my face. Chrissy was waving at us unnecessarily, with Roberta to her left, both dressed for summer and now in front of us. \"How have you guys been?\" Roberta asked the two of us with a warm smile. Her hair was shorter, about shoulder length, but free-flowing rather than in a pony tail as usual. \"Pretty good.\" Teeny replied. \"Just took a fall in that alley back there over some idiot's bike.\" \"Hey, those are our bikes!\" Chrissy answered indignantly. I looked at her in quiet amusement and noticed that she was now slightly taller than Roberta since I'd seen her, and had lost a little weight in that same time. The three of us broke out in short, inexplicable laughter. Chrissy, though initially looking around confusedly, soon cracked a smile of her own. \"So... where were you two coming from?\" I asked once the laughter died down. \"We were trying to get into the Last House on the Left showing, but they wouldn't let us in.\" Roberta answered. \"My brother Dave said it's some real disturbing shit, so it's no wonder, I guess.\" \"No kidding; we were going to go see it too!\" Teeny said. In a brief moment, she and Roberta gave a mischievous, as if they saw their own thoughs on each others' faces. \"Maybe if we buy tickets to another movie,\" Roberta began with a smirk, \"we can slip past the usher and get into Last House ...\" That sounded like a good plan to me, and with a nod of agreement we started toward the theater. \"Hey guys, I don't think so. If they catch us...\" Chrissy started to protest, despite trailing behind us. 2 The movie was ninety minutes of uneasy tension, sickening violence and over the top blood and gore that gave me nightmares for days and inspired the first short story I ever got published. It was glorious. 3 Roberta was the first one to spot them. We had come out of the theater side by side and were talking about our favorite parts of the movie when she suddenly shouted \"Hey, creep! Whose bike do you think you're riding?\" I looked in the direction she shouted and saw three boys, our age or a little older, riding our bikes except for mine; I guessed it was still in the alley. But Roberta seemed to have gotten their attention. Before we could approach them, however, they had ridden over and were circling us. \"Well what do we have here, guys?\" One of them said with a wise-ass grin that lit up his face and tipped him off as the leader of the trio. \"Two brunettes, a blondie and a redhead. Ooh, and look at the rack on the blonde, too!\" I took a quick glance at Teeny to see her looking at the ground in front of her, her cheeks about as red as her shirt. \"And what do we have? Three faggots that steal from girls?\" Roberta shot back, making that annoying grin falter just a little before regaining its composure. \"Now that's no way to speak, especially to a few guys just lifting your bikes before somebody else does. Your mother should teach you to be more grateful or something, Girly...\" I didn't dare look at Roberta's reaction, nor did I need to; she planted her fist into his face almost before we knew what was happening, and by the time we realized, he and Roberta's bike were already on the ground, both ours and the boys' reactions one of shock and disorientation with the escalation of the situation. Breathing heavily, he propped himself up on his elbows and kicked the bike away from his legs without ending his death stare up at Roberta. One side of his mouth was leaking a small line of blood. The other had raised in a half smirk which further lit up the glaring anger in his eyes. \"You're gonna seriously regret that, you little bit-\" \"Is there a problem here, everybody?\" I shot my head at the source of the husky-voiced shout and saw Officer Nell, a local police patrolman, slowly approaching from across the street us with hands hooked into the sides of his belt. \"No sir... no problem at all,\" The bully answered in a phonily respectful tone as he stood up and placed his hands in his pockets. The grin had apparently gone in hiding along with his confidence, \"just fell off her bike, that's all.\" \" Her bike?\" Officer Nell questioned. Turning his attention to Roberta, he asked \"Is there a problem here, Ms. Martin?\" \"No sir,\" she shot a dirty glance at the bully, \" no problem at all \". \"Right then. Well regardless, I want you boys to go your separate ways. Before a problem does start.\" The boys took the order first, stepping off our bikes obediently and forming a line behind their leader, who didn't look back as he walked away without protest. Officer Nell addressed all of us. \"Now you come find me if those boys give any of your trouble, you hear?\" We all nodded and agreed that we would do so. \"Right then, I'll be on my way. Good night, girls.\" And with that he turned back the way he came. 4 It was twenty minutes later and fully dark out by the time we reached the neighborhood. We would've gotten back faster but instead walked our bikes home rather than rode. I'm not entirely sure why; maybe the stink of those asshole bullies tainted them for the time being? It was a nice walk, though, since it gave us more time to catch up. Roberta told us that her brother had been shipped off the Vietnam the previous Spring. She didn't have much to say about herself otherwise, other than that she had gotten to repaint her room a few months ago. Chrissy, meanwhile, was dealing with her mother recently beginning a relationship, the first man in her life following the death of her father several years prior. She wasn't happy about this (I could empathize), but explained that her bitterness over the situation was soothed somewhat when he got her a puppy for her birthday in back March. \"I guess I had been in a tolerable mood since then... at least until meeting those bullies back there\" Chrissy said, changing the subject abruptly. I was looking downward and noticed that Roberta's fists reflexively clenched at the mention of them (him); it must have been the \"mother\" comment that got so under her skin, so I decided not to ackowledge Chrissy's comment. \"Well how about the Fourth coming up soon? You all want to get together for the fireworks show?\" Teeny asked suddenly, as if to change the subject. \"That sounds great!\" said Chrissy. \"Yeah, me too.\" said I. \"Sure.\" said Roberta. And several seconds later \"Well this is me.\" referring to her house. \"Alright Roberta, see you on the Fourth!\" Chrissy said, louder than necessary. \"Right. See ya, guys.\" She replied, smiling a little as she walked her bike up the drive-way. We walked out of her earshot before Teeny said \"She'll be more enthusiastic once she cools off. And I'd hope so, too. My parents got me this unbelievable set of fireworks, you guys won't know what hit you!\" She had no idea how correct she would turn out to be.[Chapter 3] July 1st, 1972; the Gaslight Addition was a hotbed of evening festive activity, not only with bright fireworks keeping the sky lit up to a mass of dazzled onlookers, but with near constant explosions sounding off all around town. You could practically get away with anything with all these distractions happening at once. We were taking advantage of the distractions. Teeny had lifted four beers from her house amidst a party with her parents country club friends, and I a few cigarettes from my mom's purse before she went over to my grandma's with Angela for the evening. Roberta and Chrissy were supposed to meet us at the tree house, where we planned to light off our fireworks, smoke and drink. Teeny and I walked to Chrissy's house, during which several topics of conversation came up: the movie we had seen with Roberta and Chrissy nearly a week ago. Jimmy McMally, a boy from school Teeny thought was cute (I thought his eyes were too close together and he wore the same shirt to school every day, but to each their own, I guess). Eventually talk became scarce, and I came out with the first thing that occured to me. \"How about those dicks outside the movie? Are they new around here or something?\" \"If not, I've never run into them,\" Teeny said, shifting the plastic bag full of beer cans to another hand, \"thankfully.\" Several seconds of silence followed before she spoke again. \"Roberta certainly got riled up over him.\" \"Well yeah; mentioning her mom seems to do that.\" \"Right. I'm sure that's all there was to it.\" She was smirking. \"What do you mean?\" \"Oh, you didn't see how passionate she got over that little exchange? I haven't seen that in her since before she broke it off with Scott last summer. Now that she mentioned it, I too had seen that look in Roberta's eyes on a few rare occasions. An expression that would easily be considered simple anger if for the hints of confusion beneath the surface, clouding her true feelings. I didn't think I'd seen it that time outside the theater, though. \"If you say so, but I didn't see it.\" \"Whatever then.\" The distance between us and Chrissy's house was closed rather suddenly; ime flies during stimulating conversation, huh? We slipped the beers through the side fence leading into the backyard, noting the light coming from inside the tree house visible over the fence, and rang the front door bell. While waiting, Teeny elbowed my side lightly, and I elbowed back when a slight smirk; it was a dumb little game we used to play sometimes when someone talking to us had their back turned, or when waiting for a door to be answered. The two of us jabbed each other playfully for the next few seconds until light began coming through the opening door, and we stopped our game immediately as Judy, Chrissy's mom, greeted us with her usual doting pleasance. \"Hi, girls! How are things going?\" Her smile didn't quite reach her eyes, which didn't surprise me; I'd heard she didn't exactly approve of us hanging out with Chrissy. \"Oh, they're going, Mrs. DeWitt,\" Teeny answered slyly. \"Well that's good. Come in, come in, Chrissy and Roberta are out back\" she said, ushering us in with a wave and shutting the door behind us. \"You two know the way.\" And with that, she sat on the sofa and continued watching a Laugh-In rerun, so we let outselves through the house and out the back door to the yard. Red, white and blue fireworks went off in the sky from out front while the smell of a neighbor's barbecue permeated the early evening air. I climbed up the ladder while Teeny retrieved the bag of \"party favors\" from next to the yard fence. Knocking on the bottom of the trap door three times, I barely drew my fist back before Chrissy opened the door and cheerily greeted me in a way similar to her mother not two minutes ago, but I could feel the genuine friendliness toward me from Chrissy that her mother lacked. \"What's up guys? I'm gonna leave this door open for Teeny; she'll be up in a minute.\" The tree house walls were adorned with posters of Donny Osmond and David Cassidy, somewhat illuminated by a single lantern in the middle of the floor. It occured to me then how long it must have been since my last time here. It also occured to me that smoke was billowing from an ashtray, from which Roberta picked up a cigarette and took a drag. \"You gonna stay there on the ladder all night?\" She asked with an amused grin. \"Yeah, move it or lose it, bitch!\" I heard Teeny agree good naturedly from under me. The passage of roughly an hour found us all laying on the floor around the lantern, our legs laying over each other due to the cramped space. The time was passed talking, laughing, and telling stories. Our beer cans were drunk, crushed and discarded in the bag we brought them in, and our cigarettes were used up butts in the ash tray (Chrissy declined her smoke but drank her beer with the rest of us; I was a bit proud of her to be honest). \"Truth or dare?\" \"Truth\" \"Exactly how big are your boobs now?\" \"As big as my pudding balloons permit, I guess.\" That got a laugh out of us all. \"Truth or dare?\" \"Dare.\" \"I dare you to light a firecracker in your shoe.\" \"...mmm... maybe another time. Truth or dare?\" \"Dare.\" \"Look out the window and we'll put a firecracker in the shoe of the first person you see.\" Chrissy got up, playing along sarcastically, and poked her head out of the window giving the best view of the Gaslight Addition. I couldn't see her face, but her head seemed to shake in apparent confusion for a few seconds of silence. \"Chrissy, what's wrong?\" I asked. She answered without looking away. \"Uh... look at this guys.\" From several blocks away, we could see a faint glow coming from the direction of Spencer Junior High School, our old middle school. \"Fireworks?\" I asked to nobody in particular. Just then, sirens began blaring outside, rising to a gradual peak in volume before lowering as it passed, apparently on its way toward the now larger glowing. \"No,\" Roberta said after several seconds, \"there's no firework explosion, and it's getting. I think it's an actual fire.\" \"Maybe we should get a closer look...\" We made it to the school ten minutes later, having walked the distance at a brisk pace and having noticed the increasing presence of black smoke in the air as we walked. The fireworks had become less frequent in the sky, and the streets seemed strangely emptier than they were only an hour before, when we arrived at the tree house. I soon saw why; a giant crowd, mostly of kids, had formed at the school. And there was a fire, all right. Firefighters were tending to the now somewhat dissipating flames that ate through the nearly the entire right side of the building. If I wasn't mistaken, I think I could make out the remains of my former math class from across the street. If there was more to see beyond the smokey debris, we weren't going to see it from behind the caution tape surrounding the school from across the street. I looked away and behind myself, in disbelief. Chrissy was covering most of her face aside from her eyes, which were swimming with streaming tears as she simply looked on. Teeny was looking down at her shoes, probably trying to hold back her own tears. And Roberta, while not crying, was looking around stone-faced and swallowing audibly despite the bustling noise all around us. I suddenly felt a rough push on my left arm as people were pushing briskly through the crowd, causing me to bump into Roberta. We both looked up and I realized that it was the boys from the theater, now only inches in front of us. They didn't stop moving, but were slowed by the thickness of the crowd, giving just enough time for several seconds of eye contact between us. What I saw confused me in two ways: one was the similar look in all of their eyes, a subdued look of fear, shock and paranoia that they all shared, and the other thing was the lingering look the leader (who gave Roberta such trouble before) gave to Roberta, a look less readable than the mix of emotion apparent in his eyes, which she returned fully until he and his lackies passed by completely. In spite of everything, I felt a smirk touch my lips briefly; I think I had just gotten a glimpse of what Teeny mentioned earlier. A sudden rumbling shook the ground we stood on. People around us were screaming, and my smile went away along with all the blood in my face, from what it felt like. It seemed like the entire crowd, myself included, shot our attention in the same direction as the left half of the building kinked briefly in the middle before collapsing into itself before our eyes. With an near deafening mix of rumbling, crashing, and smashing, each of the building's six floors rapidly pancaked into each other, sending a huge storm of smoke and debris suddenly billowing out from the site and toward all of us with frightening speed. The crowd began running every which way in a dangerous stampede, and instinct took over etiquette as I took Roberta's hand in mine and yanked in with me as I ran the way we came. \"Come on guys. Now!\" I tried shouting above the overwhelming noise and chaos. I hardly remember the next minute or so, just the adrenaline-hazed confusion and the panic, but the next thing I do remember was stopping at a corner and leaning my shoulder against the pole of a stop sign to catch my breath. My heart was pumping a mile a minute, while my temples felt like they were throbbing along with it. I had a painful stitch in my left side and pressure in my right hand; Roberta was gripping it tight, with Chrissy holding onto her other hand and Teeny onto Chrissy's. We must've looked silly in that moment, holding hands in a line formation, panting like dogs, but the pursuit of the debris cloud made our appearance inconsequential in that moment. We listened to our collective breaths hitching for a minute before gradually recovering, gave back our hands to each other, then spent the next several minutes at the corner in standing in silence, listening to distant sirens, watching to see if anybody would come from the direction of the site, processing what had just happened. It was Roberta who interrupted our silence. \"Some Fourth of July, huh?\" She came up with, smiling. \"Some Fourth of July.\" Chrissy answered, almost smiling through her tear-lined face. \"Ditto\". Teeny agreed. \"Same he-\" I tried to say, but the terrible rumbling noise repeated, followed by the distinctive crashing of an implosion; the rest of the school must've collapsed in that moment. ","Summary":" The summer of 1972 started off without a hitch. School had just let out, and with the anticipation "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Roses are red","Author":"Halia Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9201304","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N) Alright, this is just a silly (probably very) little poem I came up with. It's a bit of a strange subject, I'll admit that, but at least I tried. Also, it's not a poem where every single line rhymes, just thought I'd point that out to ya. It's more of a descriptive poem, but they are poems, and I have written lots before. :-) Reviews would be nice, I actually want to know how I did on this one, because I don't think it's very good, but I might as well try, right? ~ooOOoo~ A sharpened blade cleanly cuts from left to right, severing the child's neck. He drops to the ground, the culprit of his death, Himself. Screams, piercing and frightening, shatter the serenity of the morning. A river of blood trickles from the source, spanning over the cobblestones, twisting and weaving. A woman screams, and the basket of flowers she is holding, slice through the air and land on the ground. The blood passes next to it, rivalling the redness of the roses nestled inside the fence of twine and linen. Luscious roses, velvet and soft to the touch, yet all different shades in the glimmering sunlight. But even as they stand tall, proud in their prime. Know their end is coming. She avenges her son's death with spite, and rips other children's life so cruelly from them. She just wants everyone to feel her pain. But no-one understands her, and that is her eternal bane. They only see a pale, sunken-eyed monstrosity in black who is a menace to Crythin Gifford. Down in the depths of Eel Marsh house, creeping in the darkest of shadows. She is there. Seeking to exact her rage onto any unsuspecting person foolish enough to set foot into the house. Her house. The place of her death. The place where she watched her son drown in the causeway. Where her heart shattered into pieces, leaving a gaping hole in her chest. One night she broke into the nursery, where she used to play with her baby boy. The mechanical monkey was his favourite toy. And hung herself with a single rope. Full of hope, That she would see Nathaniel again. Hear his laughter once more, feel his tiny fingers as they would clutch at her hand. But it was not meant to be. And she became the Woman in Black, formerly known as Jennet Humfrye. Roaming the land. Everyone knows she's there, But what happens to their children, they cannot bare. Roses are red, violets are blue. The Woman in Black is coming after you. ~ooOOoo~ (A/N) See, I told you, strange. It's just important to remember what I said about the roses at the beginning of the poem. That's how I came to the ending. :-P ","Summary":" (A/N) Alright, this is just a silly (probably very) little poem I came up with. It's a bit of a str"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The Woman In Black: A New Ending","Author":"Ryan Alexander Lewis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9368021","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everybody! Most of you probably know me from my fan fictions from The Hunger Games, but if you don't: Hey *shakes your hand redneck style* I'm Syrina Kamar, nice to meet you! So I am not obsessed with The Woman In Black, I just saw the movie a few months ago and the ending really bugged me. So I thought I'd fix it. Also, if anybody is in the need of a Beta Reader – Hunger Games; The Outsiders; Dirty Dancing- then I would LOVE to help you. Just send me a message and we will discuss. So we all know the part or the movie where he was going to reunite the Woman In Black with her dead son, then she starts saying \"Never forgive! Never forgive!\" well, that didn't happen, this did: They lay the body of the young boy on the bed wrapped in a blanket. He was perfectly preserved in the cold mud for over a hundred years. Worn teddy-bears and wind-up-toys placed by his head as they slowly walk around the room winding up all the toys and music boxes. They turn the key slow and steady to one final box. It plays. The tune slowly gets faster and closer to the course of the song, as does her foot steps. The doors flies, walls paper peals, the toys all stop, wind circulates in the room. She suddenly transports right in front of the two men's faces. They can see the scares on her wrists, rope burns on her neck, and dark circles under her eyes. \"she could have saved him…\" she teleports to her late son. The boy raises up, body staying wrapped. He wears a little white suit, perfectly combed hair, and a clean face; eyes so golden and innocent. Her dress slowly turns from black, to gray, to white; tinted gold. Scares fade, skin lightens, her hair from dirty oil to gold. She takes him by the hand, they are gone. The men walk to the window as the sun slowly rises. Mother and child walk into the water, into the sun's rays of light. \"Thank you…\" the woman and child's voices say to the men. The Woman In Black was never seen or heard from again. ","Summary":" Hey everybody! Most of you probably know me from my fan fictions from The Hunger Games, but if you "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Tea for three plus one","Author":"Halia Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9279197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N) Hey there Woman in Black fans, it's me, DarknessBloodAngel and avid Jennet fan. I'm back with another poem, and I think it's way better than the last one. I hope you tell me what you thought of it, and whether you think I'm nuts or not. ;-P The poem is about the tea party scene at the start of the film, and I named it after the soundtrack played with it - Tea for three plus one. Enjoy. ~ooOOoo~ Laughter echoes into the small bedroom. Triplets, so fair and innocent in their identical beauty, fail to realise there's a chill in the air. Two are busy passing a cream teapot between them, While the other is busy brushing her doll's hair. The china cup chinks against ruby-red lips as the girls continue their tea party, completely unaware there is someone watching them. One brown-haired girl turns to adjust a doll - - and becomes mesmerized. And one by one, her sisters follow suit, their chocolate-brown eyes glazing over. All three are now transfixed, and slowly stand up. Smash! goes the small china cup as it slips from one triplets' finger. Smash! goes the porcelain teapot as one black boot crushes it. Smash! goes the doll's head as the last of the triplet's continues in her stead, following her sisters. The three little girls all walk across the cream carpet, oblivious to the fact that they are taking the walk towards their deaths. Opening in perfect synch, the three windows open with light twists of the girl's hands. Two steps is all it takes, and they're staring out into the town below. One more step... ... And it's the call of Death. They plummet to the ground, making no sound. Three bodies hit the stone cobbles, three blood trails snake along them, and one very distraught mother screams out in agony. In the corner of the room, once occupied by a tea party, stands the uninvited guest. The Woman in Black herself. She smirks under her veil, as three more children join the ranks of the dead. ","Summary":" (A/N) Hey there Woman in Black fans, it's me, DarknessBloodAngel and avid Jennet fan. I'm back with"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Una Roja Venganza","Author":"Effy Sidney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10758157","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ROJA VENGANZA Por: Girlycard Hoy se cumplían 5 años de que había muerto. No estaba ni en el cielo, ni el infierno. Ni al purgatorio pudo llegar, pues su alma estaba llena de rencor, sed de venganza y odio. En vida, su corazón nunca había albergado esos terribles sentimientos, pero en sus momentos de agonía juró jamás perdonar… Agatha, una chica de 18 años, se encontraba en el granero de su casa, preparando la silla de montar a su yegua preferida, \"Stella\". Ella vivía en un pequeño pueblo, donde la mayoría de la gente tenía ranchos, y por ende, caballos. Agatha, estaba lista para montar a su yegua para practicar para la cabalgata anual de Noche de Brujas, pues sería la primera vez que participaría sola en el evento y sólo faltaban un par de días. La joven Agatha era una chica que vivía con sus padres en el poblado de Angel Falls, su padre era médico y su madre era encargada de una tienda en el centro del pueblo, tenía un hermano menor llamado Derek. Era una buena estudiante de preparatoria, gran amiga y quien la conocía la describía como una linda niña. Agatha empezó el calentamiento con Stella, la hizo dar un par de vueltas a un ruedo con pequeños obstáculos y vallas para saltar, siguió con un poco de trote, y finalizó con saltos. Mientras tomaba un descanso, Derek apareció con un vaso de jugo para su hermana, mientras la observaba maravillado. Después del breve descanso, Agatha quería más adrenalina, así que ordenó a la yegua ir a todo galope. No había nada fuera de lo normal, ya había hecho esa rutina antes, así que se sintió muy confiada, y decidió que fueran más rápido. Cometió un error. La yegua iba demasiado rápido, y en su acelerada carrera no pudo eludir una valla, cayendo de costado, mientras Agatha caía varios metros adelante, chocando con un grueso poste de madera, y quedando inconsciente, con un hilo de sangre que nacía arriba de la frente, la herida era cubierta por el casco negro y brillante, mientras la sangre le pagaba el cabello al rostro. Derek corrió gritándole a sus padres, que alarmados fueron a revisarla. Su padre detuvo la hemorragia de la cabeza, y llamaron a emergencias, que en pocos minutos habían llegado. La angustiada familia iba en la ambulancia, todos rezando por un milagro, tomando fuertemente la mano de Agatha, quien, en medio de su agonía, sentía como su alma se escapaba por sus ojos en forma de lágrimas. Y esa angustiante desesperación atrajo a un espíritu que jamás se volvería a separar de ella. El dolor de su alma herida era mejor que cualquier elixir, de dolor se alimentaba su corrompida alma. Ya dentro del hospital, varios doctores alejaron a Agatha de sus padres, haciendo todo lo posible por la joven, mientras en la sala de espera la familia moría de angustia y lagrimas. Agatha se debatía entre la vida y la muerte, los doctores que la atendían no tenían un buen pronóstico para ella, pero no se rendían. Los médicos también creen que los milagros existen. Mientras ella dormía su sueño de muerte, vio recuerdos que no eran suyos, sintió dolores que nunca había sentido, se supo que ya no era ella misma. Y su corazón lo supo también, pues en un momento inesperado, detuvo su constante palpitar, dejando sólo silencio a su alrededor. Mientras los desgarradores gritos de su madre, las maldiciones de su padre y las lágrimas de Derek llenaban la sala Vio a una joven de 14 años llorando en un rincón del baño del que parecía su hogar, en su escuela, todas las chicas se burlaban de ella, le decían cosas horribles, e incluso la golpeaban. En su casa era igual, su padre era un alcohólico y su madre nunca estaba en casa, y cuando estaba, solo había discusiones y golpes, y había aprendido a lidiar con ello. Pero un día, la líder de las chicas que la molestaban llegó más violenta que de costumbre, la golpearon y humillaron como nunca, la diferencia, es que esta vez nadie la ayudaba, todos se habían hecho ciegos ante su dolor, y sintió una punzada de odio dentro de sí, luchó y se resistió, y ¿qué ganó? Que entre todas las jóvenes ahí presentes movieran un casillero viejo y oxidado, que la aplastó, dejando únicamente un coro de risas que se alejaba, su corazón luchando por no morir, sus pulmones exhalando su último aliento, y una sentencia de odio. \" Jamás perdonaré…Nunca \", fueron sus últimas palabras. Ya era hora de la venganza. Un ligero bip llenó la sala vacía, llamando la atención de los médicos cabizbajos. Otro más. Y otro. Hasta que el sonido fue constante y la joven abrió sus ojos, molesta por la luz. Otra vez viva. Los presentes en la sala se llenaron de júbilo, y comunicaron del milagro a los desdichados padres, que corrieron a ver a su hija respirando, viva. Tan pronto la dejaron salir del hospital, pues el milagro completo después de haber resucitado, fue que tampoco tuvo ningún tipo de daño que valiera la pena para seguir internada. Lo único que había cambiado en ella era su mirada y su voz, que antes eran cálidas y amables, ahora eran frías y duras. Agatha ya no estaba entre ellos, ahora un alma oscura y roja por su sangre derramada, era una roja Venganza. \"Por fin, mañana será Noche de Brujas, y ellas pagarán por lo que me hicieron\" pensaba este espíritu mientras viajaba en el auto familiar y veía por la ventanilla. Convenció a sus padres para que ese día la dejaran sola durante el festival, y que los encontraría después para ir a cenar. Con un poco de desconfianza, los padres aceptaron, creían que el comportamiento de su \"hija\" era debido a la grave contusión y a los breves momentos que pasó inerte. \"Nada grave\", pensaron ellos. Este espíritu infernal, ya había localizado a sus cuatro víctimas, ya eran mujeres de casi 21 años, pero al verlas tan pedantes como siempre, deseo exterminarlas cuanto antes, pero esperaría. No podría hacerlo a la luz del sol, les deseo que disfrutaran sus últimas horas de vida. Aproximadamente a las 9 de la noche las localizó, las cuatro muchachas arrogantes caminaban juntas de regreso a casa por un sendero vacío, pues todo el pueblo estaba congregado más lejos, disfrutando los divertidos eventos de la noche. \"Oigan, es muy tarde para que caminen solas, chicas\", dijo Roja de Venganza en un susurro, con voz tétrica. Las otras chicas, sólo se rieron de \"Agatha\", y siguieron su camino, pero ésta les empezó a arrojar pequeñas piedras, cosa que molestó al cuarteto, que regresó para darle una lección a la niña embustera, que seguía arrojándoles piedras cada vez más grandes y filosas. \"Esto es lo que sentía Johanna Mason, la chica que ustedes asesinaron hace más de cinco años. Pero aquí estoy para hacerles pagar\" Las cuatro jóvenes se horrorizaron al ver que el rostro de la pequeña Agatha, se transformaba al pútrido rostro de Johanna. Intentaron huir, pero en su desesperación y miedo, sólo lograron caer hacia atrás, quedando paralizadas de miedo al ver que de la nada, Johanna cercenaba la cabeza de una de ellas con un hacha oxidada, mientras gritaba con voz de ultratumba: \"¡Jamás perdonaré! ¡Nunca se detendrá! ¡Nunca perdonaré!\" A la mañana siguiente, el pueblo despertó con la notica que cuatro jóvenes habían sido brutalmente asesinadas en un sendero la noche anterior. La policía local sólo había encontrado los cuerpos desmembrados de las jóvenes. El crimen no fue resuelto. Mientras tanto, los padres de Agatha la buscaban desesperadamente, temiendo que su hija hubiese sido una de las cuatro asesinadas. Cuando de repente, Derek la observa acercarse a la estación de trenes. Corren hacia ella, gritando que regrese, pero no los escucha. Camina derecho, sin mirar, sosteniendo en su mano una bolsa que chorreaba sangre, dejando un rastro tras ella. Se acerca al andén, con uno de esos gigantescos trenes acercándose a todo marcha, se baja del andén y camina directo, el tren no se detiene. Y frente a los ojos de su familia, Agatha es arrollada por el tren, mientras las cabezas de cuatro jóvenes, con expresión de pánico en sus rostros muertos, ruedan a un lado de la vía. Derek al mirar hacia el frente, mientras el tren seguía su marcha, distinguió el rostro cadavérico de una joven que sonreía diabólicamente, susurrándole: \"Jamás… jamás perdonaré, jamás mi maldición se romperá. Cada año, en noche de Brujas, regresaré, y cada año seré más sangrienta. Mi venganza contra este pueblo durará eternamente, cuídate de no salir solo, que puedes ser el siguiente. No quiero ni el cielo, ni el infierno, ni llegar al purgatorio. Yo sólo quiero sangre inocente. Porque soy una Roja Venganza\" ","Summary":" ROJA VENGANZA Por: Girlycard Hoy se cumplían 5 años de que había muerto. No estaba ni en el cielo, "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The everlasting Light of the Moon","Author":"SarahNoir","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8010888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Everlasting Light of the Moon. The wind flowed through the long reeds and grass as the moon bathed the marshes in a muted glow. Time had never ruled here. He had conceded defeat to Mother Nature at the very beginning, and so looking upon the uneven terrain and inhaling deeply the damp fecund scent emitting from all around her Jessica felt for the first time in years something akin to peace…resignation. Acceptance. Turning once to peer over her shoulder through the dark veil of her hair at the dull glow of the lanterns swinging from the waiting carriage, she smiled softly as the first feelings of contentment in almost three years began to enfold her soul. Raising her arms and face to greet the moon, she began to slowly make her way into the soggy expanse that lay before her. No longer aware of her surroundings and much less the cry of alarm floating through the darkness from the carriage, she closed her eyes and surrendered to the inevitable peace she so craved. As the mud and rotting vegetation reached her naval she saw in her mind the man she had loved and who had loved her in return…but not enough to live for her as she had lived for him. As she recalled the tangible pain she'd felt when first informed of his attempted suicide her throat had burned with bile and stomach churned along with her mind. All the years of portraying herself in a respectable and strong light, all the years of mourning for her love; for an event that could occur at any time of day or night without warning had worn her down. To the point where, on the return journey from yet another draining conversation with Adam's doctor; she had asked the driver to stop a while on the causeway that ran through the marshes. The comforting thought that it would probably not be long until she was reunited with Adam again caused the corners of her mouth to curl upwards in a rare genuine smile. 'Yes, the Adam I used to know. The Adam I first fell in love with…' she thought as with a sigh she finally surrendered to the cold darkness that had entombed her from her jaw downwards in the everlasting light of the moon. A/N: I just rediscovered this. It was my first attempt at writing an original piece when I was young and angsty so any constructive reviews and comments would be greatly appreciated. I like to think that I have improved over the years but you may check out my more recent work and think that I'm just as bad/ worse! ","Summary":" The Everlasting Light of the Moon. The wind flowed through the long reeds and grass as the moon bat"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Last journey","Author":"NightStarlightWolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9838899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first story so it is a bit short. I plan to write a Sarah Jane Adventures story soon so if you liked this then please check that out too. Please review as I would appreciate it a lot. Thank you and enjoy the story. As I waited at my bus stop, the wind rushed hurriedly through my hair. As if it was running from something. I looked on as my bus pulled up in front of me. Stepping on I followed my usual routine of going to the top deck and sitting down. We turned the corner on Prestwick road and the sun hit my eyes, blinding me for a second. I stared down at the street below as we pulled up at the next stop. When we set off again I felt a chill shoot through my spine. We approached the bridge and I looked down at the train tracks. That was when I saw her. A woman, all dressed in black, stood on the bank. My eyes could not be diverted. They fixated on that spot. As we passed some trees I lost sight of her for a moment. When it came back into view she had disappeared. I was baffled by what my eyes had seen. I was curious to how someone could vanish, leaving no trace. I chose to ignore the fear building inside me and my journey seemed to carry on as it usually did. After the next stop I decided to go down to the lower deck of the bus and in the only available space, next to the driver. This was when my journey went wrong. Horribly wrong. As we pulled up to the T junction, instead of turning we carried on, ploughing forward, into a field. The driver wrestled with the wheel to try to turn the bus around but it was jammed. As I watched panicking, the driver tried to use the brake but that was jammed also. The bus continued to plough through the field until we clipped a tree stump. This sent us rolling over and over. I clung on for my life but I lost conciseness after a few seconds. I opened my eyes to carnage. The bus had settled on its side. As I looked around I saw a sea of mangled bodies. I realised I was the only one, on the lower deck at least, still alive. I put my hand on my chest and pulled it away to see a crimson glove dripping down. Looking further down I saw that my leg had a massive gash, a deep red pouring out. Now shaking and limping, I managed to prize the door open to climb out and escape. Stumbling around the side of the bus I came to another horrid realisation. The entire top deck had been crushed flat in the roll. Not one person could have lived through that. I was confused. I was wondering how this could have happened. I had a suspicion. And it was not at all good. The bus had travelled so far into the fields that I knew I was too tired to make it to any one that might be able to help me. I started to walk anyway. My leg was I so much pain it was hardly bearable. After about a minute, inevitably, it collapsed under my weight. I continued to crawl along the field, desperately dragging my ragged leg along. When I looked up, I saw her again. I reached out, begging for her help, but there was no answer, no reaction. Then I remembered, and my suspicion was confirmed. However I still tried desperately to get help. I knew she had done it. I just knew it. I reached out. I knew that I had to tell someone. At that moment I saw scarlet liquid emanating from me. As it continued to flow, I took one last look at her. It seemed as if she was smiling down at me, as if she was proud. As I slipped away, I sunk into the darkened pool I had created. As I slipped away, my heart lost faith and my restless soul escaped. My life was ebbed away. Gone forever. ","Summary":" This is my first story so it is a bit short. I plan to write a Sarah Jane Adventures story soon so "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"30 years Later","Author":"RegalPrincessOfMagic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9130699","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear Stella, It has been thirty years now; thirty years since you… It sounds like a long time, doesn't it? But it seems like only yesterday that you... Well, it is a long time; I have a house, a family, a well-paid job. But I still remember you, and our son, and the life we had and could've had. It's a shame. But still, it's been thirty years; I feel I need to tell you about them. I don't know how you would react to this, but you loved me, and I'm sure you still do, so you would be happy if I'm happy. Well, I have a wife, Esmѐ, and she makes me happy. I am happy with her, just as I was happy with you. She reminds me of you. It is most probably why I married her. She doesn't look like you; I don't think anything nor anyone could be as beautiful as you were. But she is still beautiful. She is of a suitable height for a woman, finely built and with a graceful frame. She has hair of a lovely light brown, although now, with age, it is threaded with grey. That doesn't matter to me; it only symbolises how long we've been married, and to be honest, age is taking its toll on me far more than on dear Esmѐ. She was married before me. To a sea captain. Esmѐ was widowed at a young age; broken hearted. She'd lost her loved one. Even worse, she had four children to nurture and watch over- Isobel, Oliver, Will and Edmund. She again reminds me of us; although this time not you. I guess that is what drew me to her in the first place, the fact that she had lost her life's love forever. I had lost my life's love to death. To the dark crevices of the other, veiled world. I saw my pain within her, both still fresh with the images and memories vivid in our minds. But I guess what happened was that we found comfort in that, the fact that we had both lost so much. We could empathise for each other, feel one another's despair and help soothe it. I mentioned that she had four children. I shall now proceed to describe them to you as I hold them dear to my heart and treat them as my own: The eldest is Isobel, and it is obvious. Her calm and motherly nature marks her as the eldest of the four, evident in her inclination to oversee her brothers, and indeed her own children. Sensible, level headed and with the plump, settled air of a matron- I supposed Isobel would be the most responsible of daughters, mothers and wives, charming and affectionate, and having found her ideal partner in the similar natured Aubery Pearce. I must tell you, Esmѐ has voiced to me occasionally, of course gently and only to me, her longing for Isobel to be less staid, a little more spirited, maybe even frivolous. I'll have you know that I could have never wished for a better step daughter, and I'm sure her husband, children, brothers and mother would whole heartedly agree with me. The second eldest is Oliver, after him Will by fourteen months. Now, I must confess, those boys are much the opposite of their sister; Young, exuberant and showing much too few signs of maturity for young men in their first year at Cambridge. But again, I couldn't have wished for more. Of course at nineteen, Oliver and Will would be immature, juvenile and childish, but at heart I know they are serious, sober young men. It is perhaps what makes them so likable; their ability to be serious, but playful at the same time; a perfect balance of child and adult. Now, the last member of the family is perhaps the most intriguing. Edmund. Somewhat separated from the rest of us, I realised I won't, nor might ever, manage to understand the boy- but this doesn't give me cause to love him even less; in fact, his innate fastidiousness, reserve and desire to be somewhat private has been reason for me to feel more affectionate towards him. Not only is Edmund singled out hypothetically, but physically. His siblings and mother sported good, plain, open English faces, inclined to roundness and with hair, eyebrows and lashes of a light chestnut brown. However, fifteen year old Edmund- pale skinned, long nosed, hair of an extraordinary ebony black and clear blue eyes. It is strange, his drastic dissimilarity to his relatives. There, I have finished describing our somewhat cosy little family. Although, you couldn't really say little. Already, it has grown, what with Isobel's children. But here is the subject of children, which brings me to my next question, which up till now I've had no courage whatsoever to ask. How is our boy? Is he growing like he should? Can little boys even grown in… in the other world? I wonder if they can… because if they can, then I could join you. I would love to watch our son grow into the fine young man, find gentleman and fine elderly man he could've. I would join you. In fact, I could join you right now. But you wouldn't want that, would you? I mean, we both already know the value of life. How it's a precious little flame that with the smallest gust could be blown into the sinking, eternity of dark death. I remember realising that. I remember it vividly. But do you know what makes it so bad? The knowledge of what blew out your flame. And it was my entire fault… I wonder if I should tell you. I mean, I highly doubt you wouldn't believe me. You are one of the other world now too, so you would easily believe me. And besides, I don't think there has ever been a time you've doubted me. So I resolve… I shall tell you. But tell me first, do you believe in ghost stories? It all started with the Drablow affair. I trust you remember it? Of course you do, you never forgot anything. As you know, Mr Bentley sent me in order to sort out her will and other, lawful papers. But what you don't know- or rather, didn't know, as you probably know everything now- that the affair was far more… sinister than it seemed. I must be honest though, I should've taken the warnings, noticed the troubled murmurings behind my back of an unnatural presence. But you'll recall me at the time- no nonsensical, determined and most ambitious; of course I wasn't going to allow some old wives tale or silly superstition get in the way of my, our future. Eel Marsh House- As cold, ominous and callous as the cruel marshes surrounding it. I should've turned back then. I know I should've. But I didn't. Spider- warm, comforting, my rock in that time of distress, trepidation, terror . People have always said that animals were more receptive to the supernatural world. Again, her fear and anxiety should've been enough to drive me away. But no. I stayed on. Then, in the nursery. It sounds like a safe place, doesn't it? A place where a mother can nurture her child, where she can watch him grow and learn. It's a place of happiness and unconditional love. Do you remember your nursery? I remember mine. I remember my nurse too. Kind, motherly and caring. My mother even more so. In a way, this nursery was no different. Littered with a child's playthings- but there was a sense of sadness in it. Some sort of pain or despair that had lived and still lived within the very walls of the room. That wasn't where she was though. Where she was, was a thought far more terrifying. The boys screams and the cries of help echoing from the drowned marshes ahead. The raw screeches of a mother torn from her child. She watched, watched her boy, her little darling slowly sink into the grey quicksand, his pure and less than half filled life slowly slipping away, out of her grasp. Then, silence. She yelled, screamed, tore at herself as she came to terms with the events. It was over. The reason for her very existence was gone. She remembered his laugh, jingling in her ear. It was gone, she would never hear it again. He was silenced. And yet, it was the loudest silence yet… Yes, a story of a boy drowned in the marshes years ago, his mother heartbroken to the point of death and beyond. Her lust for revenge still present in the world. And that my love, is where my story reaches the point when it becomes unbearable. You see, if I had not tampered with such unholy things- actually, I shall not call it unholy . For it had been a mothers love for her child and pain for his lost soul that had caused these events. But they hadn't caused them. I had caused them. If I had left things to be; realised from the very beginning that I should've minded my own business (please forgive the pun), then you would still be with me. You and him- our son. And that is the end of my letter. Remember the letters we used to send to each other? Those were brief. But I suppose the time we spent separate at the time was brief. But now, thirty years, such a long time, and so for that matter, such a long letter. I'm sure you probably know all of this, but it shall please me to know that in my heart, I haven't forgotten you, and that someday, for this day will come soon I am certain, we will be together again in eternity. I always have, always do and always will love you my sweet Stella. With eternal love Arthur ","Summary":" Dear Stella, It has been thirty years now; thirty years since you… It sounds like a long time, does"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Hearts in Pain","Author":"KMC.99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11281901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Hearts Intertwined Harry's POV I jerked awake as I heard soft whimpering noises coming from my wife. I turned on the light and shook her gently; carefully examining her to make sure she was alright. As I went to pull her into my lap, she woke up and screamed. \"Shhhh, I'm right here. It was just a bad dream.\" I replied. Subconsciously, my hands gravitated toward her swollen stomach and she rested her hands on top of mine. \"What's wrong, Eve?\" I asked as I rubbed small, soothing circles on her stomach. She took in a shaky breath and whispered, \"I thought I lost you.\" Then the flood gates opened and she buried her face in my shoulder, like a small child after getting hurt. I allowed for her to cry for a few minutes and just held her tight against my chest and said, \"Eve, I'm right here and I'm not leaving you.\" She looked up at me, her eyes swollen from crying and tears running down her face and choked out, \"you don't know that.\" I repositioned her so she was facing me and cupped her face and said, \"There is nothing that could stop me from leaving you.\" I grabbed her hand and put it on her stomach and said, \"This baby is a physical sign of our love and because of it, I will always be with you.\" She had a look of adoration in her deep, chocolate brown eyes, picked up my hand and kissed it, quietly thanking me for the words. As we looked into each other's eyes, it felt as if the whole world stopped and it was just me and my beautiful wife. I kissed her gently and she giggled against my upper lip, causing me to smile. When I pulled her closer into my lap, her belly enclosed the small space between us, reminding me of our love. It then hit me. This was our last night together before my deployment; a few tears escaped my eyes and I attempted to hide them from her, but she wiped them away and gave me a teary smile. This small act of love caused me to break down and she pulled me into her chest and stroked my back and whispered, \"We will get through this.\" Later that night, we fell asleep entangled in each other; her head on my chest and my arms wrapped around her body, listening to the rhythmic sound of her heartbeat and hoping that I will return back to her. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Hearts Intertwined Harry's POV I jerked awake as I heard soft whimpering noises coming f"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"A Woman Worth Dying For","Author":"xDracotheDeathEaterx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7832398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N-Sorry, don't know the name of the nanny. So I called her Nanny. Simple enough. Please review! Arthur Kipps was alone in the house. He had had it all arranged- Joseph would be out in the park with Nanny while he, Arthur, took care of an \"errand.\" His heart sank. If they only knew. If they only knew what he was about to do himself. But it was best they didn't. They would try to stop him. They wouldn't understand. No one did. No one understood Arthur's pain. Every moment of his life was punctured by the mere memory of her. Stella. She floated through his mind like a beautiful spirit, always there but never quite in his reach. No, Arthur knew she had never left him. He still loved her, and he could still feel the slightest trace of her love, a whisper on the wind. But he would give anything, his life, at the very least-just to hold her in his arms again, kiss her one more time. He had never planned it would end this way. As he stood there, the cold metal of the knife pressed to his throat with a shaking hand, he counted the frenzied beats of his heart. Like it knew that soon, it would be stilled. Arthur squeezed his eyes shut, unwilling tears sliding down his face and into his black collar. What about Joseph? What would he do without his father to guide him, when he hadn't even known his mother? Arthur loved his son. But some days, when the bleakness of his life threatened to engulf him and smother him in a black haze, he couldn't help but blame him for the death of Stella. And then he blamed himself. After all, women can't impregnate themselves. It was his fault. He should have know somehow. But doesn't every loving couple want a child to share their hapinesss with? How could anyone have known that Stella's small body was too weak for childbirth? These questions whirled in Arthur's tortured mind, mocking him, scorning him, willing him to do it already. To kill himself. So he could be with Stella. Isn't that all he ever wanted anymore? To end his pitiful existence to be with the one woman he had ever loved? For a moment, it seemed as if all time stood still. Sweat broke out on his forehead, and he found himself shivering, trembling as if the Devil himself was standing at Arthur's door. His panicked heart flung itself against his ribcage, so hard and fast that he feared it might burst. But if it didn't now, it would surely burst from his suffering. End it! End it all! one good cut to the throat, and it was all over. But little Joseph...and Stella. What would she say? Arthur slowly lowered his hand, blinking tears from his ice-blue eyes. Unwillingly, a memory appeared, hazy in his mind, as if Stella was already fading from his mind in the four years she had been gone. She was wearing a long blue gown that just trailed on the grass. She ran forward slightly, hazel eyes glittering with childlike joy. Sunlight danced upon her face and her golden hair shone as if it was truly golden thread. \"Come on, Arthur,\" she called playfully, \" dance with me!\" Arthur had smiled and caught her, laughing as he twirled her slender frame in his arms. Stella had always loved to dance-even if there was no music playing. \"You know I can't dance,\" he whispered in her ear. She took his face in her small hands and smiled radiantly. Arthur's heart pounded at the look on her beautiful face. He loved her so much, it hurt. \"You know I don't care,\" she whispered back, and then gently kissed him over and over until the couple's garden grew dark and the moon took the place of the sun. He jolted back to earth with a thud. Why...why now? Of all times when he had to think of her? He glanced at the window, at the sunlight playing on the coverlet of his bed. The bed where...he closed his eyes again. The bed where she last lay. When the Doctor had announced...Dear God. Arthur crumpled to the floor and sobbed, the first time he had ever really cried since Stella's death. He cried for himself. And for Joseph. He wished he could drown in his sorrow. And then he remembered the knife. Arthur didn't even think about it. As if he was in a dream, he picked up the metal intrument and pressed it to his throat. His eyes were dry, and his hand was still as the knife rested against the sensitive skin of his neck. One cut, one tiny laceration. That was all. It wasn't even so bad. Here I come, Stella, he thought, and drew the knife sharply across his skin. Warm blood flowed over his body, staining his clothes and stinging like his body was thrown into flames. His first thought was disappointment. It flowed over him like a wave, worse than the blood. So one more, then? What was one cut when he would soon be reunited with his wife? One more...A sound outside the door made Arthur jump a mile. Nanny entered his bedroom, chattering away. \"Little Joseph wanted to come home early so that we could-\" with a loud gasp she realized the situation. Her eyes travelled over the blood-soaked, semiconscious Arthur slumped on the floor, one hand clutching a knife. \"ARTHUR!\" she yelled, and forced him into a sitting position, attempting to stem the flow with her hands. \"By God!\" she cried hysterically. \"What have you done?\" At the sound of Nanny's voice and the unfamiliar sight of Daddy lying so pale and strange-looking, Joseph began to cry loudly. Arthur stirred slightly, a moan escaping his lips. His head swam. His blue eyes locked onto Nanny's, trying to form a sentence. His hands clutched her clothes in a death grip. His chalk-pale face was that of Death itself. \"Help me,\" he rasped, every word a tremendous effort. \"Stella, she needs me-\" but Arthur Kipps never got to finish his sentence. As the hysterical Nanny tried to help him somehow, he sank into a dead faint, his head lolling back, his hands finally releasing her. And she wondered, through her tears and attempts to revive him, if the depressed man, who had been stuck in a place without love for so long, had finally found her again. ","Summary":" A/N-Sorry, don't know the name of the nanny. So I called her Nanny. Simple enough. Please review! A"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The woman in black","Author":"vampsrock69","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8549357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, it's me again and this is a different version of the woman in black. As always when i change a story, i mean NO copyright. Also once again this was inspired by Wolfengod22. Today it wasn't through reading his stories which inspired me, it was because i know him in real life. so (in real life) he came over to my house and we were on the couch watching in his words (before watching it) the 'so not scary' and 'so awesome' Woman in Black. During it, when anything happened he screamed like a little girl. And afterwards i was wondering if i could give the same effects with my stories, to make him scream like a little girl, so I'm trying. He won't like me for doing this, or for telling about that, but oh well! KEY: \"\" - speech A/N- authors notes POV- Point of view itailcs - thoughts The woman in black CHAPTER 1: LUCIFER'S REVENGE (A/N this is the first scene of the film when Arthur Kipps's wife is giving birth, the first part - before it says \"Arthur's POV\" is a poem to explain what the woman in black does, then it goes to the story) The Angel has a secret trace, It holds a curse the children face. Her woman-like feature's are killers of love, 'It' took her son, so she takes us! The ones without a say in life, The ones who need to stay alive. (Arthur's POV) I was still stood outside, still pacing back and forth pondering if they were going to make it. My beautiful Melissa is only through that door, that is what I told myself over and over, I still wasn't calm though. It was a long night, my wife Melissa was giving birth, she didn't realise he was coming, she was so happy! But I was terrified, I didn't know what to do. Not only did I have my wife to keep alive but I now have a son as well! She was struggling, I could tell. She'd been trying all night, he was a very big baby, but she loved him like that: she said he was perfect. Eventually the screaming stopped, I was so relieved. He'd made it into our world, he'd done it! They'd done it. Just when I was calming down, one of our house maids and one of our butlers edged through the crack in the door, then shut it behind them instantly, I was wondering what it was they didn't want me to see, but that didn't matter then. Bundled up in our maid's arms was someone's small baby, my small baby. I couldn't stop smiling, he was beautiful. Melissa was right: he was a big baby, but he was small as well, in a way. But then it struck me, where was Melissa? Why couldn't I see her? Was she okay? Had she made it? She had to have, right? The maid's shrill voice piping away in front of me grasped me from my trance of worry, \"Congratulations sir, a boy as you assumed. 9lbs 3oz, nice and healthy!\" \"Thank you. Thank you!\" I noticed the dripping blood on Blake's hands and remembered Melissa, then I panicked and exploded with \"Where is she? Can I see her? Is she okay? She's okay. She has to be okay! She just has to be.\" I was terrified now, not through anything that they'd said or anything that I've heard, it's just something that's deep within me that's telling me there was something amiss and that they weren't telling me what it was, but I was certain to find out what it was that they were hiding. \"Blake?\" I questioned the butler \"Where is Melissa?\" he pulled a slight confused face, then all his confusion turned to understanding, then to grief. I knew what was wrong. \"Sir?\" even though he knew that I understood, he still acted like he didn't. \"Blake. Where. is. Melissa?\" I asked slowly and plainly, I knew the answer but I just needed someone to clarify it, just so I knew. For certain. \"I'm sorry, Sir.\" he paused, then continued, also making that day the worst day in my whole life, \"She's dead\" I froze. He said it. Those awful words. Those two awful words that I never want to hear again. please keep checking to see if i've updated, i do change little things or a whole chapter each time i log on, so do keep checking, also please don't make fun of me because i'm rubbish but please do give KIND advice. ","Summary":" Hey guys, it's me again and this is a different version of the woman in black. As always when i cha"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Black Sorrow","Author":"BrokePerception","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7951179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WARNING: based on the film version of 2012 only! The Woman in Black was maybe most of all unfair. Jennet Humfrye wasn't married at the time when she suspected to be with child after a few missed periods, combined with nausea in the mornings and little to no interest in food. The child's father was obviously not willing to marry her and take his responsibility – in fact, he left right after the rumors about Jennet's condition began, not wanting to wait until those rumors were either confirmed or denied. Unlike her, he had been married. The encounter that had left her possibly child-carrying had been a slip. Jennet had known, had not even thought of asking him for support in any way when she began to wonder herself about that one possibility. She really tried to make it work despite getting those glares of disapproval everywhere – the whole of the village whispered bad about her, and that it just wasn't done to have a woman raise her child alone. The most painful of all was possibly the fact that Jennet's own sister was one of many whispering doubts of the developing situation. Jennet Humfrye got no support from her or anyone else while she lived in one of the smaller cottages of Crythin Gifford while her belly slowly grew and her time to give birth neared. Nine months, she carried her son inside her… until she gave life to a small but healthy baby boy one day in October. Nathaniel's difficult delivery had taken twenty-odd hours. She managed to make it work for several years despite the rumors and glares. Alice Drablow herself had never been able to bear children and had fueled the rumors only, to the point where the villagers began doubting about whether Jennet was actually still fit to raise her child when at the age of one he showed some signs of behavioral issues. Anyone with half a mind would know that often enough, no matter how badly the child's being cared for by their mother and father or others, that's barely the only factor related to behavioral issues – age has quite a bit to do with it. In effect, most of the signs disappeared when the boy reached age two. Of course, no one believed that it was not the 'good effect' of the Drablows… Jennet wasn't even allowed to visit her son, forced to stay in the role of stranger as Alice and her husband cared for her own son as a mother and father while her mother heart ached from a distance the rare times the family visited the village and she saw them. When the boy disappeared in the marshland, her life was over. Alice had been quite insidious enough to marry a rich man. The thought of her son living in wealth at least had kept her sane, together with the thought of being able to tell her son the truth when he had reached a certain age. However, he never reached that given age. From pure jealousy and intense rage, she broke into the house when Mr. and Mrs. Drablow were to visit some of his relatives and hung herself in the nursery. For the sake of her own son, not wanting to confuse him more and wanting to believe that it might be best as everyone claimed, she never came near the house when he still lived – if only for the boy she loved so dearly. Jennet Humfrye had haunted Eel Marsh House and the village ever since. Some said that she haunted first her brother-in-law then her own sister to death. The disbelievers countered she would have done that much sooner already if indeed that was the case. However, there were not a lot of disbelievers. At first of course no one thought much of it, but those who lost their children and those who had witnessed others having lost them had no other choice anymore in the end – mostly for there were no other possible reasons available for perfectly healthy young children to die or to have impossible mishaps… but her. No one in town had supported her, had ever tried to help her instead of just judging her. Alice Drablow's carelessness was more of a contributing factor than their half-responsibility. Most of all the children she took from pure jealousy hadn't been responsible… but innocent, their lives not even having begun yet. Pure jealousy lead her to take Arthur Kipps and his son. The ghost of Jennet Humfrye was grateful enough that he had taken the boy from the marshland to be buried with her. She knew that he had done his very best, knew he had had the best of intentions and knew about having to say goodbye too soon from someone you love. He made her see that she was not the only one caring about his child very much to the point of being willing to give his own life for them. He could well have been the kind of man to get in-between and defend her when she found she was with child and offered to help her. He made her see unfairness in her actions, clouded by jealousy and deep pain. However, the similarities between her dead son and Kipps' live one were far too much to bear. Mostly, the Woman in Black knew that he would never be happy without his deceased wife; that the look upon his face was to be sad for the rest of his lifetime. Indeed, he had never smiled so wide, so sincere, since the day she had been taken away from him and their little one… than when he took her hand again in the afterlife. The ghost of the Woman in Black disappeared, together with Arthur and little Joseph Kipps, to her own son in life after death. ","Summary":" WARNING: based on the film version of 2012 only! The Woman in Black was maybe most of all unfair. J"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The Tale Is Real","Author":"Anera527","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7960704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" The Tale Is Real\" ","Summary":" \" The Tale Is Real\""},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Lady Black","Author":"DoctorJamie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7885858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Crookerville Manor. Everyone hated it. It was the kind of old house that sent a shiver down your spine at just the sight of it. No one in Crookerville went near the place- unless you wanted to die. This is the difference between advice in Crookerville and London: London Child Asks Mate: \"I want to die, any advice how?\" Answer From Mate: \" Commit suicide. Or don't hand in your maths homework…\" Crookerville Man Asks Friend: \"I want to die, any advice how?\" Friend Answers: \"sleep in Crookerville Manor for the night. You'll die somehow.\" Everyone is serious. Spend the night at Crookerville Manor, and you won't come out not harmed. The rumours are all true. There really is a woman in there. A woman likely to shred you to bits or shove you into the fireplace or… it's too scary. Her local name was Mary-Anne Lukas. But she's now known as the Lady Black… ","Summary":" Crookerville Manor. Everyone hated it. It was the kind of old house that sent a shiver down your sp"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"No turning back","Author":"Skulduggerys-Girl-Valkyrie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8186087","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once you have seen her there's no turning back the shift in the air will signal the attack Her boy was taken She wants him returned by a mothers love a lesson shall be learned Even a glance shall seal your child's fate Say your goodbye's before it's too late The thought of her power shall make your mind crack you will never escape the woman in black ","Summary":" Once you have seen her there's no turning back the shift in the air will signal the attack Her boy "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Killers always have motives","Author":"Halia Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9201299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Killers always have motives. Rating: K+ Genre: Family/Hurt/Comfort Summary: Even the most malicious of killers, namely Jennet Humfrye, have motives behind their killings. ... (A/N) Just my musings after watching the Woman in Black, and being the only one in a class of thirty-odd, to not scream or flinch at the movie. It's about the ending scene, with Arthur, Joseph, Jennet and the train. Enjoy. ~ooOOoo~ Jennet stood on the train station's platform, feeling the temperature drop considerably. To unknowing eyes, she would have appeared to them as a woman in a black dress with a veil shielding her face. But to the rest, she was a vicious, malevolent spirit of a woman who killed children mercilessly, in order to satiate the anger and rage she felt for loosing her son. That was anything but the case. Lies had fed her story in so many ways, that Jennet had became a character in a novel. But she was not a character, somebody who anyone could create a past for. She had been a human woman, thrown head-first into a world of rage, hurt and torment that she had never experienced before as she made the decision to leave this world. Although her plan hadn't gone accordingly, she hadn't died peacefully - as peacefully as one who hung themselves could go - but rather she had stayed on this earth. Her body had expelled her soul, and by doing that, her rage and pain pinned her to the plane. Within the first few hours, she had taken her first life, three young girls. Innocent girls, but she had no remorse for them. Every other emotion she had ever felt, died along with her, and the cycle began. Jennet truly didn't know why she killed the children of those who spotted her. It was like her soul was still searching for something to make it whole again, still searching for something to latch onto, and it found it in those children. In her own twisted way, Jennet was trying to love again, but then she would always see them with a parent, and her anger would bubble away at her, then the child's life would be snatched from them. But then the bond between parent and child would be broken, and Jennet would then be in search of another child. She was as double-edged as a sword, roaming the village of Crythin Gifford with little to no knowledge over what was driving her. People had always thought of her as the Woman in Black, the malevolent spectre who kills for sport, but Jennet Humfrye, was anything but that. She was a scorned spirit whose flesh and blood was taken from her so cruelly, in more ways than one. But now she was re-united with Nathaniel, she was ready to leave this plane after doing something which would puzzle many, but satisfy two. Through her veil, she eyed the little boy stood next to Arthur, and he turned around to look at her. He didn't back away, he didn't flinch, didn't falter, didn't move a muscle. He was captivated by the powers of mezmerization that Jennet had, had for all those years, but she still had no idea how she'd got them. A whistle blared off in the distance, and Jennet turned her head to see the black billows of smoke rising up into the air. As gruesome as that death would be, it was necessary for the last lives she would ever take. Lifting a hand, she pointed her pale finger at the railroad track, and Joseph walked towards them in a zombie-like state. Heading towards his death. Jennet remembered the first child she killed, how it had been racked with such anger and rage that could put the Devil himself to shame. She had been torn apart by her sister's betrayal, how Alice would never give Nathaniel any of her letters which she had poured her soul in to, or the birthday card she had written for him. But the worst, the one which caused her to spiral out of control, was the fact Alice, her and her husband, had let Nathaniel drown in the marsh. She hadn't even tried to save him. You could have saved him . Jennet closed her eyes briefly in remembrance. The five chilling words, marking the wall in her blood, seemed irrelevant now. Arthur had saved Nathaniel, saved him from the bog he was left to die in, and placed him with his mother. Initially, Jennet couldn't feel the connection between them, and had wailed out her sorrows, shrieking like a banshee, but after she had calmed down, she had seen Arthur and Sam placing Nathaniel's body in the grave with her. Then something unexplainable happened, all her rage, inner turmoil had dissipated from her very being. She felt the things she left behind when she died. She felt whole again. As meddlesome a fool she had first thought Arthur Kipps out to be, was now merely a label. He was her saviour, saviour from all those years she had lived without her son, lived in such an exhausting and violent state of rage that had been getting her nowhere fast with making the townspeople understand her. Jennet had only ever wanted people, namely her sister, to know of the pain she had felt for losing a child, but over time her grief turned into uncontrollable jealousy. Jealousy for the townsfolk around her who had children while hers was gone. She had wanted to shatter the unique parental bond for everyone else, so they would think twice about why she was doing what she was, but it only hardened their hearts towards her and solidified the label. The Woman in Black, the malevolent child-killer. \"Joseph!\" Arthur's cry for his son ripped Jennet from her thoughts, and she could hear the fear in his voice as he started running towards him. Joseph stepped onto the track-tracks as the train sped ever-closer, and Jennet felt something gnawing at her spirit. She knew what it was in a heartbeat, it was remorse. She could feel it now, but feeling it - and in such a powerful way - wasn't going to stop her from repaying Arthur. He had been the person to keep an open mind about her, and she would always hold him in high-esteem. Arthur's horrified blue eyes locked onto her form, and if she had a voice, she would have explained everything to him, but she couldn't. Jennet didn't care much if Arthur would be angry at her, she knew her own motives for what she was doing. She would be the only one who ever would. She could only nod as he ran towards the train tracks. Jennet sensed Arthur's emotions, and to her genuine surprise, he wasn't angry, he was confused, hurt, and frightened. She watched - for that was all she really could do - as Arthur finally made it onto the tracks, scooping up his son and holding him in a tight embrace. Jennet felt her control over the young boy break, and he began to frantically clutch to Arthur, and scream for his life. The train was getting nearer and nearer. Arthur glanced her way again, and his expression was completely mystified. She willed him to understand, but she had no way of telling him. She was just hoping he wouldn't die angry like her, and be stuck on this plane. It had been a truly miserable experience for her, one she wouldn't wish upon anyone, no matter how angry and bitter she had been. The train's whistle blared into the air, louder than it had ever been, and Jennet saw Arthur running towards the platform, trying to clear himself of the on-coming train, speeding towards him as fast as a bullet. Arthur's hand was outstretched, while his arm cradled Joseph, as he desperately strained his arm to pull himself and his son off the tracks. But he wasn't quick enough. A sickening crunch echoed throughout the desolate station, and Arthur's body flew through the air, clinging onto Joseph while his screams flew from his mouth and into the atmosphere. The train immediately screeched to an abrupt halt, but it was too late. Arthur's body hit the tracks with a thud, as did Joseph's. Arthur's body was twisted, mangled and sprawled at an odd angle, with the locomotive of the train covering his ankles. Jennet didn't fail to notice how his arms, although bloody, still clung to Joseph. At least their bond hadn't been shattered into pieces. She heard the commotion from inside the train as the conductor realised what had happened, and then several, gutteral cries as the passengers spotted her. She only stared back, not feeling jealous of the parents anymore. It was uplifting to say the least. Jennet felt a slight tug to her ghostly form, and she knew she wouldn't be on this plane for much longer. But she felt like she needed to stay. She had to see if Arthur and Joseph would be leaving this world together, otherwise their deaths would have been for nothing. Jennet felt the sharp drop of the temperature, it being a lot colder, then she felt elated, relieved . It was because she wasn't the only spiritual entity on this platform anymore. She breathed out deeply, feeling Arthur and Joseph's souls leave their bodies and drift peacefully into the Netherworld. She turned her head, feeling another presence materialize beside her, and her son was stood next to her. She gripped his hand, feeling her body react instantly to the little infant's touch. If Jennet was not a ghost, she knew she would be crying. But not out of anger, out of happiness. Arthur had given her back the thing she had craved most in the world. An act of kindness for Arthur. He had shown it to her, and she returned it. By killing him and Joseph, she had done exactly the same as what Arthur had done for her by giving her back Nathaniel. She had given Arthur back his wife, and given Joseph back his mother. Made him whole again, as he had her. ~ooOOoo~ (A/N) So, what do you all think? (It's probably the shortest thing I've ever wrote and posted on this site in my life, and I'm sorry for that) I'd had this idea that Jennet killed Arthur and Joseph as a thank-you for giving her Nathaniel back, because I couldn't think of a better reason for her to show up at the platform and kill them both randomly, then Stella showed up, and they were all reunited, so this is what my subconsciousness came up with. I hope you enjoyed it, and will leave your thoughts in a review. Oh, and if you still think I'm crazy after I had Jennet explain everything in the story, your loss. ","Summary":" Title: Killers always have motives. Rating: K+ Genre: Family/Hurt/Comfort Summary: Even the most ma"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The Woman in Black","Author":"srdaire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8486381","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I stood within the crowd surrounding Dan. His body was tense and his brow furrowed indicating that he was anxious about something. He ran around the crowd and spoke in his British accent, \"Please listen.\" The sea of people were silent as we stared at him. \"Who would like to earn a little extra money?\" We all exchanged slightly surprised glances and slowly raised our hands. The side of his mouth twitched slightly. \"And who would be willing to enter the Drablow house with me?\" Every hand immediately dropped, including mine, as those around me began to shake their heads in fear. \"That place is haunted,\" someone cried out, \"You'd have to be crazy to go in there!\" Realizing that Dan was to be alone, I pushed my way out of the crowd and stood before him. \"I'll go with you,\" I said, \"But you don't have to pay me. My name is Cassi.\" With a slight smile, he took my hand, and turning our backs to the crowd, he led me into the haunted building. From the inside-out, the Drablow house was pretty ancient; it was made of wood that had turned a dark dusty gray and had rotted over the years. Very little light shone through the grimy windows, and the air smelled like mold and something decaying. Once I had gotten the familiar shiver running down my spine, I began to survey our surroundings more closely. It wasn't long before I spotted what I had been looking for: a ghost. It was a woman, very pale like the color of a bone, wearing a black dress that had gone out of fashion about a hundred years ago. At first, I wasn't disturbed until I got a good look at her face. Her eyes were sunken in to the point they looked like empty black sockets. Biting back a shriek, I averted my gaze and stared down at the dust on the floor bursting up in little clouds with each step we took. \"Dan, why exactly are we in here?\" I asked. \"I'm looking for something,\" he replied, \"And to be honest, I'm glad I'm not alone. This place gives me the creeps.\" He soon led me to a staircase. \"Be careful,\" he said as we began to climb up to the second floor, \"The steps may be broken.\" I glanced up briefly to count how many steps were ahead of us, and I felt my heart leap out of my chest and get jammed in my throat. The woman in black was now standing at the top of the stairs staring down at us, her lips twisted into an eerie smile. Dan hadn't seen her; he was too busy keeping an eye on our footing. Seconds later, other ghosts began to materialize behind the woman in black; an elderly man, a teenaged girl, and two other women. All of them were wearing clothes from the previous century and had the same sunken in eyes. I opened my mouth to scream, but no sound came out. I didn't want to take another step forward, so I moved back slightly, which was a mistake. My left foot slipped off the edge of the step I was standing on, and I fell backwards, dragging Dan along with me. Thankfully, we weren't too high up, so that when we landed on our backs with a crash, we only had the wind knocked out of us. \"Are you okay?\" he groaned, sitting up and gazing down at me. I didn't answer as I continued to stare up at the ghosts. Realizing that I wasn't looking at him, he spun around and he finally saw what I could. He paled in fear and jumped to his feet, forcing me to mine. Nearly yanking my arm out of my socket, he ran and pulled me along, causing me to stumble over my own feet. \"Come on! We need to hide!\" he said in a whisper loud enough for me to hear. I gaped at him. You can't hide from the dead! Dan opened up a door to a broom closet and dove in. Thanks to physics, I flew forward and slammed into his chest as he closed the door behind us. For a moment, I was dazed being this close to him, and I had forgotten about the situation we were currently in until I heard him whisper. \"Dammit! Those stupid gh-\" I cut off his words by slapping my hand across his mouth. \" Never ,\" I warned in a whisper, \"insult the dead, or you will live to regret it.\" He nodded in understanding and I removed my hand. We were both silent as we heard a female voice say from the floor above us, \"Find them.\"[Chapter 2] (Sorry about the wait. I had lost my journal I had written my dream in, but I found it. I have also been busy with other writings, so the next instalment may take a while.) I don't know how Dan and I managed to escape the Drablow house without being caught by the ghosts, but we did. Unfortunately, he still had to go back and find what he had been searching for. Despite the fear I had felt earlier, I was actually curious about the ghosts I had seen and wanted to go back. My cousins, Ashley and Erica, had tried to dissuade me from returning to the house with Dan, but I ignored them. Then, feeling the need to \"protect\" me, since I'm their baby cousin, they decided to come along. Once inside the Drablow house, Dan began to rummage through desks and drawers on the bottom floor while Ashley and Erica were huddled together, fear etched upon their faces. From up above, I could hear a soft crick, crick, crick, crick and the sound of murmured voices. I stared up at the ceiling for a moment before heading towards the staircase. \"Wait, where are you going?\" Ashley called out to me. \"Get back here!\" Erica added. Ignoring my cousins, I climbed up the stairs all the way to the second landing. I followed the noise into a small parlor and I stood in the doorway staring at the ghosts. They didn't seem to realize I was there. The elderly man was in a rocking chair, which happened to be the source of the crick -ing sound; the two women were sitting on a moth-eaten sofa chatting away, and the teenaged girl was sitting cross-legged on the floor, staring up at the two women. The woman in black was not around. It was the teenager who had spotted me first. She must have sensed my presence, because she turned around and smiled at me. \"Hello,\" she said. The other ghosts turned in my direction. Their sunken in eyes made me cringe, and I involuntarily took a step back. The girl's smile faded and she jumped to her feet. \"Oh, please don't leave.\" \"There's no need to be afraid,\" said one woman wearing a red dress. \"We won't harm you,\" said the elderly man. \"What about the woman in black?\" I inquired in a small voice. \"She won't harm you either,\" said the second woman who wore a white dress. \"Yes,\" the teenager agreed, \"Just don't make too much noise, though. It'll alert her and she can be quite temperamental.\" \"Why have you returned?\" the old man asked. \"My friend is looking for something,\" I confessed, \"And the five of you scared us out of here before he could find it.\" \"Cassi,\" I heard my cousins call my name. I turned to see them climbing up the last of the stairs with Dan. He had a manila folder stuffed with papers and a journal clutched in his hand. \"Who are you talking to?\" Erica demanded as they stopped beside me. Ashley saw the ghosts and shrieked, backing up and slamming into a wall, dust exploding around her and the wood creaking. Dan grabbed my arm and yanked me out of the doorway. \"Come on,\" he cried trying to drag me down the stairs, but I pulled my arm out of his grip. \"Wait,\" I said, \"They won't hurt us.\" I turned to face the ghosts once more, but found myself staring deep into the sunken eyes of the woman in black. Her face was just inches from mine, and I felt my breath catch in my throat as my heart pounded against my ribcage. \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!\" she roared. I stumbled backwards and landed on my behind gazing up at her. \"GET OUT!\" Dan and Erica each grabbed one of my arms and hoisted me to my feet. Not wanting to be anywhere near an angry ghost, I allowed them to drag me down the stairs with Ashley in the lead. We had all hit the first landing and were heading for the front door, but skidded to a halt. The last four ghosts were blocking our path. \"Don't go,\" the teenaged girl begged, her hands clasped before her in a pleading gesture. The woman in black swooped past us and hovered above the others looking furious. \"Move,\" she ordered them. \"No,\" said the woman in scarlet, \"Didn't you see what the boy is holding in his hand?\" Every single one of us turned to see the folder and journal he was carrying. \"They'd be able to help us!\" \"Young man,\" said the old gentleman, \"Is that what you came here for? Why would you need my son's journal?\" Dan eyed them suspiciously and slowly replied, \"A man sent me to retrieve these.\" ","Summary":" I stood within the crowd surrounding Dan. His body was tense and his brow furrowed indicating that "},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Friday 13th 2012","Author":"Erica and Louise xxxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8263926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys I'm Erica! This is my first story so I hope you like it! Its about 6 teens who go into a forest on the most unluckiest day of the year… they meet a ghost who tries to kill each and everyone of them. Will they escape alive? Who will die? It was a cold, dark Friday 13th evening when six teenagers walked into an abandoned house in the middle of a scary forest. The forest was said to be haunted but the kids didn't care. In the small, cold, damp and smelly abandoned house they found a Ouija board so they decided to play it. They all put there hands on the stone. The first teenager asked \"is there anyone out there?\" the stone moved to 'yes' everyone started screaming! Rory asked \"what's your name?\" it spelled \"J.O.H.N. E.N.G.A.L.B.Y\" Erica shouted \"Oh My God its John Engalby. I've heard about him. He died from the plague in a dark wood and he haunts it every year on the anniversary of his death!\" Louise moves closer to Erica in fear. \"Erica when is his death anniversary?\" Louise said in fear. \"It's…..TODAY, and were in a wood on his anniversary. We are gonna get in a lot of trouble! Let's get out of here!\" the others shouted \"yes, come on!\" they all ran to the door. It was locked. John had locked all the doors and windows. We can't get out, what are we going to do?\" James suggests \"how about we still play the game, so we can get to know him, so he might let us go!\" \"Yeah! Good idea James, guys put your fingers back on the stone.\" Joe decides to ask the ghost if he could come out of the stone to meet us. Everyone shouts \"NO Joe NOOOO!\" there was a flash of red lights then suddenly the ghost appeared in front of us, we all were so scared we didn't know what to do. Because Joe was being stupid everyone made him talk to John. After a while John got so angry with Joe he zapped him. Joe exploded in front of them. Erica was so upset she ran over to where he was standing, she wouldn't move only cry. Everyone tried to move her. She wouldn't budge. Rory new exactly what to do. He walked over to Erica and kissed her! She stood up and kissed him back. Erica was so upset about what happened to Joe but happy because she kissed Rory! Erica decided to take charge and kill John Engalby because of the pain that he caused her. Rory asked Erica what she was doing. She replied \"I'm thinking of ways to distract John so then I can kill him once and for all.\" \"I have a way of distracting him\" \"Ok Rory, what's your plan?\" while Erica and Rory were talking about there plan Louise, Kate and James were talking about how they could save Joe and if they could call for help. Suddenly Erica got a call from her friend Jonny. He wanted to know where she was. \"Where are you and your friends Erica?\" \"We are in an abandoned house in the middle of a haunted forest on the death anniversary of John Engalby. He's haunting us HELP!\" it was about 15 minutes then all the kids saw a boy coming to the house. \"It's Jonny\" Erica shouted. He tried to open the door but it was locked. He was trapped on the outside of this scary house in the haunted forest alone. Erica and Rory were ready for there plan 'Hey John, watch this\" Rory shouted. So he looked at them. Erica and Rory were kissing. John was distracted that he just for a moment felt real. He thought he was a real person, and then it was gone. He wished he knew how that feeling occurred; he wanted to feel it again. He shouted \"STOP!\" no, I want to feel that again help me please, I will do anything for you if you just help me.\" Erica and Rory stopped and said \"what feeling? What are you talking about?\" \"When you kissed, I felt like a real boy, not a scary ghost, a nice boy.\" \"Hey Erica I know what we need to do. Come round I have a plan!\" so Rory told everyone his plan. Erica suddenly thought about Joe. She wasn't listening to Rory any more; all she could think about was Joe. Where is he? Is he alright? She was missing him. Then Rory said \"So Erica, do you know what you're doing then?\" Surprised she said \"what? Huh? Sorry I was thinking about Joe. I miss him so much. I wonder where he could be.\" Rory said \"Don't worry about Joe. I'm sure he's fine. You have me. I'm much better than him!\" in tears Erica remarked \"Shut up Rory! Joe is 100 times better then you! I miss him so much\" James turned to Erica and said \"come here Erica. How about a hug to make you feel better.\" \"Ok and just leave me alone Rory. I don't want to talk to you any more!\" outside there was a sudden ray of bright lights, and then they turned to see Jonny outside the house paralyzed with fear. John was in front of him. The trees were moving, the wind was blowing, John flew then he disappeared. Jonny felt a cold shiver down his spine. He was smashing down the door. They all knew John had gone inside of Jonny's body and now he was trying to kill everyone. A red eyed monster was staring at us. Everyone split up to run away from this hideous monster. In the master bedroom Rory was trying to find a hiding place to get away from Jonny, he came across Erica. \"Erica listen, I'm so sorry. I didn't know you liked Joe did I. I don't have a recent update button to know your recent actions.\" \"Rory, he was your best mate, why don't you care that he's gone? I didn't know him that much but I miss loads! So just leave me alone and be quiet because Jonny can find us.\" \"He wasn't my best mate he was just a mate, and I do miss him but how come you miss him more than me?\" 'Shhh Rory I can hear someone.\" Kate comes in the room and she tells Rory to shut up because she can hear him from her hiding place. When she notices Erica crying she walks over to her and says \"why are you crying? What's wrong?\" \"It's Rory. He's making me upset. I miss Joe but he doesn't seem to care about him.\" Suddenly a rumble shocked the whole house. Erica, Kate and Rory turned around to find John Engalby standing at the door frame. It was him. Not in Jonny. Him as the ghost. He was angry so everyone went down stairs to play the Ouija board so they can get rid of the ghost. As everyone is running back down stairs James notices Jonny sitting in a pool of blood![Chapter 2] Hey guys I'm Erica! This is my first story so I hope you like it! Its about 6 teens who go into a forest on the most unluckiest day of the year… they meet a ghost who tries to kill each and everyone of them. Will they escape alive? Who will die? It was a cold, dark Friday 13th evening when six teenagers walked into an abandoned house in the middle of a scary forest. The forest was said to be haunted but the kids didn't care. In the small, cold, damp and smelly abandoned house they found a Ouija board so they decided to play it. They all put there hands on the stone. The first teenager asked \"is there anyone out there?\" the stone moved to 'yes' everyone started screaming! Rory asked \"what's your name?\" it spelled \"J.O.H.N. E.N.G.A.L.B.Y\" Erica shouted \"Oh My God its John Engalby. I've heard about him. He died from the plague in a dark wood and he haunts it every year on the anniversary of his death!\" Louise moves closer to Erica in fear. \"Erica when is his death anniversary?\" Louise said in fear. \"It's…..TODAY, and were in a wood on his anniversary. We are gonna get in a lot of trouble! Let's get out of here!\" the others shouted \"yes, come on!\" they all ran to the door. It was locked. John had locked all the doors and windows. We can't get out, what are we going to do?\" James suggests \"how about we still play the game, so we can get to know him, so he might let us go!\" \"Yeah! Good idea James, guys put your fingers back on the stone.\" Joe decides to ask the ghost if he could come out of the stone to meet us. Everyone shouts \"NO Joe NOOOO!\" there was a flash of red lights then suddenly the ghost appeared in front of us, we all were so scared we didn't know what to do. Because Joe was being stupid everyone made him talk to John. After a while John got so angry with Joe he zapped him. Joe exploded in front of them. Erica was so upset she ran over to where he was standing, she wouldn't move only cry. Everyone tried to move her. She wouldn't budge. Rory new exactly what to do. He walked over to Erica and kissed her! She stood up and kissed him back. Erica was so upset about what happened to Joe but happy because she kissed Rory! Erica decided to take charge and kill John Engalby because of the pain that he caused her. Rory asked Erica what she was doing. She replied \"I'm thinking of ways to distract John so then I can kill him once and for all.\" \"I have a way of distracting him\" \"Ok Rory, what's your plan?\" while Erica and Rory were talking about there plan Louise, Kate and James were talking about how they could save Joe and if they could call for help. Suddenly Erica got a call from her friend Jonny. He wanted to know where she was. \"Where are you and your friends Erica?\" \"We are in an abandoned house in the middle of a haunted forest on the death anniversary of John Engalby. He's haunting us HELP!\" it was about 15 minutes then all the kids saw a boy coming to the house. \"It's Jonny\" Erica shouted. He tried to open the door but it was locked. He was trapped on the outside of this scary house in the haunted forest alone. Erica and Rory were ready for there plan 'Hey John, watch this\" Rory shouted. So he looked at them. Erica and Rory were kissing. John was distracted that he just for a moment felt real. He thought he was a real person, and then it was gone. He wished he knew how that feeling occurred; he wanted to feel it again. He shouted \"STOP!\" no, I want to feel that again help me please, I will do anything for you if you just help me.\" Erica and Rory stopped and said \"what feeling? What are you talking about?\" \"When you kissed, I felt like a real boy, not a scary ghost, a nice boy.\" \"Hey Erica I know what we need to do. Come round I have a plan!\" so Rory told everyone his plan. Erica suddenly thought about Joe. She wasn't listening to Rory any more; all she could think about was Joe. Where is he? Is he alright? She was missing him. Then Rory said \"So Erica, do you know what you're doing then?\" Surprised she said \"what? Huh? Sorry I was thinking about Joe. I miss him so much. I wonder where he could be.\" Rory said \"Don't worry about Joe. I'm sure he's fine. You have me. I'm much better than him!\" in tears Erica remarked \"Shut up Rory! Joe is 100 times better then you! I miss him so much\" James turned to Erica and said \"come here Erica. How about a hug to make you feel better.\" \"Ok and just leave me alone Rory. I don't want to talk to you any more!\" outside there was a sudden ray of bright lights, and then they turned to see Jonny outside the house paralyzed with fear. John was in front of him. The trees were moving, the wind was blowing, John flew then he disappeared. Jonny felt a cold shiver down his spine. He was smashing down the door. They all knew John had gone inside of Jonny's body and now he was trying to kill everyone. A red eyed monster was staring at us. Everyone split up to run away from this hideous monster. In the master bedroom Rory was trying to find a hiding place to get away from Jonny, he came across Erica. \"Erica listen, I'm so sorry. I didn't know you liked Joe did I. I don't have a recent update button to know your recent actions.\" \"Rory, he was your best mate, why don't you care that he's gone? I didn't know him that much but I miss loads! So just leave me alone and be quiet because Jonny can find us.\" \"He wasn't my best mate he was just a mate, and I do miss him but how come you miss him more than me?\" 'Shhh Rory I can hear someone.\" Kate comes in the room and she tells Rory to shut up because she can hear him from her hiding place. When she notices Erica crying she walks over to her and says \"why are you crying? What's wrong?\" \"It's Rory. He's making me upset. I miss Joe but he doesn't seem to care about him.\" Suddenly a rumble shocked the whole house. Erica, Kate and Rory turned around to find John Engalby standing at the door frame. It was him. Not in Jonny. Him as the ghost. He was angry so everyone went down stairs to play the Ouija board so they can get rid of the ghost. As everyone is running back down stairs James notices Jonny sitting in a pool of blood! ","Summary":" Hey guys I'm Erica! This is my first story so I hope you like it! Its about 6 teens who go into a f"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"At Boarding School","Author":"blairchuck10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6869143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In the assembly hall \"O' my gosh, can you believe that two people from our year are going to a boarding school in England,\" Crissy exclaimed with great excitement. \"I don't really care, I just applied to hopefully get away from my annoying brothers for most of the year,\" Roberta said unenthusiastically. \"And finally the boarding school scholarships,\" the headmaster announced. \"I know you all have been very excited about this but you all know that only two of you lot have got it, so the two students who are going to England are…,\" there was a long pause, \" Roberta Martin and Scott Wormer!\" Everyone clapped. Both Scott and Roberta's friends all stood up and clapped really loudly. \"Could you two please stay behind\" the headmaster said to Roberta and Scott. After all there friends had sat down Scott looked over to where Roberta was sitting and saw that she was looking at him, so he gave her a smirk. \"I'm going to enjoy next year,\" he said to one of her friends. \" Yeah, you and Roberta going to the same English boarding school, god save the other pupils in your year if you two see each other often,\" his friend said. \"OK, that's the end of this assembly, get back to your classes.\" As all their classmates left the assembly hall they both stayed seated. \"Here are your slips for your parents to sign, just remember if you don't hand it into me, signed, by next Friday your place will go to the next person in line.\"[Chapter 2] The Goodbye \"I can't believe you leaving us,\" Teeny said sadly. \"O' come on I'll be back in October,\" \"Still it's too long away.\" \"well that's me finished packing,\" Roberta said as she closed her last suitcase and locked it. \"Roberta, the cars here to take to take you and Mr Wormer to the airport,\" Roberta's dad shouted down the hall . \"Well I guess this is goodbye,\" Crissy said looking very sad. \"For now,\" Roberta corrected. \"Roberta!\" \"Coming,\" Roberta shouted back down the hall to her dad. They all went outside to find her dad and brothers waiting for her. After she had said goodbye to her friends, her brothers came over to say goodbye. \"I'm going to miss you kido,\" her oldest brother said to her while patting her on the shoulder. \"Yeah, keep practicing your punching and you might beat me one day,\" one of her older brothers said. \"O' ha-ha very funny,\" Roberta then turned to her dad . \"bye dad,\" \"bye baby girl, I'm going to miss you so much,\" he said hugging her.[Chapter 3] On the way After saying a last goodbye she opened the car door and jumped into the back seat, finding Scott Wormer already sitting there. \"Well you took long enough,\" Scott said to her in an annoyed voice. \"Yeah like you didn't take that long saying goodbye to your friends and family,\" Roberta shot back at him. Scott then tensed up and Roberta new that she'd won. Roberta then took out the book she had brought for the journey and Scott sat there in silence, although after a while he started tapping his fingers in the small window sill. \"Would you stop that,\" Roberta said angrily after about ten minutes of tapping. \"Why, is it bothering you,\" Scott asked. \"Yes,\" Roberta answered, \"it is.\" \"Then I won't stop,\" Roberta the growled angrily. They were both silent for the rest of the car journey. \"We're here,\" the car driver told them as they pulled up at the airport. \"Roberta, you do know that we wont be able to create a scene on the plane,\" Scott said with a cocky smile. \"I know that,\" Roberta shot back at him. In the airport the driver saw them to the gate, gave them their tickets and then left. Roberta and Scott were now alone. Together. There was definite tension in the air as they sat, quietly, waiting to board the plane. \"Plane number 253 to Heathrow, London is now boarding at gate 12,\" the over-head voice announced. \"Well I guess this is it,\" Scott said. \"Yes, now, come on,\" Roberta then lead Scott to the gate. They both gave the lady at the desk their tickets and they boarded the plane. Eight hours later they landed in England at Heathrow airport.[Chapter 4] After They Left Not much had changed after Roberta and Scott left. School was about to start but it was still just as quiet in Shelbyville as it had always been. Teeny could not wait to get to school as she was going to meet lots of new boys from different year groups. Samantha was excited to be studying science as it is her favourite subject. Crissy, on the other hand, was not looking forward to school as she would not be able to eat every hour. Shelbyville would never be the same without Roberta and Scott there although all of the adults were prying there would not be as many arguments and fights between the Wormers and the girls now that they were gone. Everybody would miss the two trouble makers though.[Chapter 5] Author's note Just to let you all know that I will be redoing this story. The new version should be up in around a months time or less. I just feel that the current version is not of the highest standards. ","Summary":" In the assembly hall \"O' my gosh, can you believe that two people from our year are going to a boa"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"His Old Friends","Author":"IheartOakenshield193712","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11927333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi :) I personally admit this is a little cheesy, but I've been sittin' on it for about a year. If you follow or favorite or just read it again from time to time, there's a good chance I'll still be revising it. I just wanted to get it out there :D Hope you like it! *Disclaimer: I do not own anything below! Norman, pale and weak and broken out in a cold sweat, fought the nurse's hand as he tried to sit up. \"M-Maggie,\" he slurred more than grunted. \"I told you that I am fine. I don't need to be here!\" \"You're sick, Norman,\" she replied sweetly as if she hadn't repeated that same phrase to him for the past two hours. \"You must rest. There's no war to be at anymore. Calm down.\" He still struggled to sit. \"But Maggie! War seemed so fucking hard and such a fucking nightmare!\" \"You were in a tank with men you thought held no respect for you,\" Maggie sighed. She pushed him back against the cot and took his pulse. \"It's understandable how it could have been a nightmare.\" \"Th-they were good men. Th-they survived s-s-so much together b-before I fucking joined.\" He cleared his throat and smiled lightly. \"Shit, I forgot how great they were.\" He sniffled and wiped his nose on the sleeve of the hospital nightshirt. Maggie slapped his hand. \"Stop that,\" she scolded. \"Go to sleep, Norman. You've had a long day and no doubt will have a long night.\" \"But I'm not sick, Maggie,\" he protested, reaching for her arm. He laughed sickly when she involuntarily flinched away. \"Mags, I fought in that war. World War II. I fought fucking Nazis in Germany. I fucking lived! I was the only one left and I fucking lived.\" She gave him a look. \"Sure I was there for a few weeks, but I fought with the greatest crew that ever lived!\" \"Norman,\" Maggie prompted. \"But I fucking survived,\" he said in an almost dream-like state. He wiped his nose on the nightshirt again and Maggie groaned. \"A-and now I can't break through this goddamn cold!\" Maggie pulled the covers up to his chin. \"I've told you, Norman. This is the flu. You must sleep your fever off.\" \"But-\" \"No buts,\" she interrupted. \"Talking feverish nonsense that you won't even remember is not going to help you one bit.\" She placed a cool cloth on his forehead and checked his IV bag one last time. \"Now-\" \"I should be well!\" Norman whined deliriously. \"Perhaps you shouldn't've gone out in the rain without any suitable clothes,\" she scolded. She huffed and made him swallow some pills. \"Now, sleep. Rebecca will be here in the morning. Tell the late night nurses if you need anything. Goodnight, Norman.\" \"G'night, Maggie,\" he slurred. He closed his eyes and was instantly pulled in a deep dream... Hello. It was a sweet and soft voice - shy but familiar. Norman frowned and turned fitfully in his sleep. No, don't do that. It scolded. Norman harrumphed and turned over again. This isn't a bad dream - not a night terror like you've had. Open your eyes. A soft puff of air hit his dream-state face and Norman complied to the voice. He was met with a stunning blue eyes - eyes he remembered meeting in Germany. They were kind eyes - some that, when he first saw them, he knew he could spend the rest of his life looking at. But that dream had faded when the bomb hit. He licked his chapped lips and said with relieved smile, \"Emma.\" She smiled widely, letting out a little laugh. Hello. \"Norman,\" he said to her. Norman. She repeated, her tongue catching on his name. \"How have you been?\" he asked before his brain could catch his mouth. He cringed and rubbed his eyes. \"I'm sorry. That was a stupid question.\" She shrugged and smiled anyway. Alright. Your friends are... well, the same when I first met them. They haven't changed. Norman stumbled, his eyes suddenly wide with both anxiety and excitement. \"They're here?\" His mouth twitched for several moments - unsure if he should smile or break down crying. \"Really?\" A nod. A hand clapped his shoulder suddenly, sending him forward for a split second before he caught himself. Norman turned and felt both his mouth quirk upward and tears form in his eyes. H ey, son. He said with a proud smile on his face. You survived the war. I knew you would. He was still struck by the fact that he was face-to-face with his old officer. \"H-hey...\" Wardaddy squinted and gestured behind Norman. That stuff you told the nurse? Mentioning the war? Us? He flashed a small smile. We ain't good men, Norman. We ain't. You were the good one and that's how it was you who survived. He shrugged and looked at Norman - the easy smile still on his face. It was always gonna be you. Norman fidgeted, feeling Wardaddy's hard eyes on him, studying him very carefully. You're gonna survive this flu, Norman, and you're gonna live a long life. \"H-how do you know?\" he sniffled. \"How do you know this won't kill me?\" Because it sure as hell ain't your time. Wardaddy replied in a chuckle. The fucking flu ain't gonna kill you. He's right. But.. when you do come back finally, Emma paused. It's going to be like you never left. He frowned tiredly. \"Left what?\" This dream. She answered with a sad smile. She looked at Wardaddy He stepped forward and grasped Norman's shoulder. I'm proud of you, son. Norman sniffed again - nodding to his old officer. \"Thank you, sir.\" Emma leaned forward and kissed Norman. Goodbye, Norman. \"Goodbye,\" he said quietly. He watched their figures fade away until he realized he was staring up at the ceiling of the hospital. Norman returned to the dream when he was eighty-seven. He was greeted by his old friends, both from the war and the life he lived after. He was reunited with his wife and Emma who still looked the same as she had in 1945. After he made his rounds around the area, he came upon Wardaddy. A great grin graced his face as he shook the man's hand. Fifty-seven years and he was still so proud of the fact that he had named his first son after the officer. ","Summary":" Hi :) I personally admit this is a little cheesy, but I've been sittin' on it for about a year. If "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Sew What Wounds Betide You","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11662485","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I Don't Own Fury. \"I will catch you when you fall And sew what wounds betide you And I'll be there when you call To go and die beside you\" - unknown He was always the one that defused the fights that broke out among the other troops. The one that only asked of them to settle their differences peacefully. The one that would squat down beside dying soldiers (American or not) and help them say a prayer, in the hopes that maybe they would have a better chance of God sparing their soul. He was the one that had pity for the German soldiers that were forced by their country to rage war against the weakened Americans. Being the only medic in Fury's team, he was always the guy that would patch up a wounded soldier. Whether it be by applying gauze and tape, or simply giving them the morale boost of a lifetime, he was always the guy to do it. When he first joined the team, Don used to think of him as useless. A softie. Someone who wouldn't lay his life on the line when the time came. But he proved him wrong. Many times. He may have lived by the Good Book, but he also lived by the team. And if that meant dying beside his fellow soldiers in battle, then he would proudly do it. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I Don't Own Fury. \"I will catch you when you fall And sew what wounds betide you And I"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Heart of Iron","Author":"Razgriz13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11420522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 18th April 1945 Seelow Heights, Germany \"Soviet Infantry front!\" Unteroffizier Karl yelled \"Loading H.E. (High Explosive) shell! Gun Ready\" Otto yelled as he slammed the shell into the main gun's breech then shut the breech \"Away!\" I screamed as I pulled the trigger of the tank The shell flew through the air and cross the field where the Soviet Infantry were taking cover, and they disappeared in a cloud of smoke. \"Hell of a shot, Wolfe\" Paul yelled \"Target hit! Good kill Wolfe! Get on the next one\" Unteroffizier Karl said through his headset as he watched the remaining Soviets charge out from the tree line through his \"Muller get on the radio and tell Heer Lieutenant Shultz that he and his men to move up and get in the fight\" Unteroffizier Karl said in as he locked the top hatch of the Tiger \"Roger Unteroffizier, I'm already on it\" Muller replied \"Heer Lieutenant your Sappers are clear, get them in the fight\" Muller said as he got on his headset to Heer Lieutenant Shultz \"Many thanks 'Ghost' crew, we got it from here\" the grizzled voice of the Lieutenant replied back The battle harden Combat Engineers and Infantrymen charged out from behind our tiger tank and charged the Soviet to hold back the Soviet offensive, we stayed back in the tree line and continued to provide suppressing fire on the advancing Soviet infantry and Armor. \"Ghost crew this is Unteroffizier Albin, Heer Lieutenant Shultz is dead! The Soviets advance is too strong we need support now!\" our radio came alive with the sounds of screams and gunfire \"Muller get the rest of Panzers up here now! Otto load another shell! Wolfe aim that turret to our three\" Unteroffizier Karl yelled as he popped open the top hatch. \"Contact Soviet IS 2 in the open to our 2'o clock!\" Unteroffizier. Karl yelled as he watched it emerge from the tree line in the distance through his binoculars \"AP shell loaded\" Otto yelled as he closed the breech of the main gun \"Got him in my sight he's about 400 meters out\" I yelled \"Shoot that son of bitch before he see's us! Paul screamed up at me \"Send it Wolfe\" Unteroffizier Karl yelled to me \"Shell away\" I screamed as I fired the Tiger's main gun the powerful 88mm I watched the shell fly across the field and just falling short of the target. This made my heart race as I knew that have mere second before that Soviet IS 2 found our location in the tree line and rip us too shreds. \"Missed! Wolfe bring it up three and to the right four\" Karl yelled over his headset \"Fuck!\" Paul yelled as he seat in his driver seat helpless \"Correcting! Correcting!\" I yelled as I adjusted my sights \"Otto another AP shell now!\" Muller yelled at him as he handed him to load it \"Loading…Loaded!\" Otto yelled as he loaded another shell into the breech \"Shoot him now!\" Paul yelled looking back me from his driver seat \"Away\" I yelled This time the shell flew out and destroyed the Soviet IS 2, it burst in flames and the crew jumped out and ran for the tree line behind them before getting cut down by either or us or their own. Either way that's one less Soviet tank chasing us. We all cheered and celebrated the tanks death but it's short lived as we are ordered to fall back to support another part of Seelow. Knowing that if we were too leave the Soviets would take this position, but since this was coming from higher ups we had no choice but too fall back. We all popped our hatches as we rode down some muddy bombed out stretch of land, the convoy had take pop shots here and there but nothing crazy. We carried some of the Sappers on \"Ghost's\" hull and I looked back at them and they all were battle weary and I understood their frustration about falling back. This is our home and all of us who put everything into this war understand that falling back doesn't win a war. I then turned to Karl he lit a cigar and then looked at me and gave me a reassuring smile; I just gave him a half assed node. Otto looked at me and passed me a cigarette, I refused it. It was probably one of those nasty Soviet ones that taste like it was marinated in oil, I can't stand those things. Over the headset Paul and Muller were auguring about whatever they felt like auguring about this hour. I looked at the scared landscape and took a second to reflect about everything we been through. My crew and I started this war as a bunch of inexperienced group of misfits to being one of Germany's longest lasting crew in probably in the whole Wehrmacht. We were given the nickname of \"Ghost\" during the invasion of France and because of the loss of our first Panzer. The 7th Panzer Division moved so quickly that the French didn't even have time react to it and quickly we deviated all of their armor support and Infantry until we made our way to Paris. When I first step foot into our first Panzer tank Unteroffizier Karl said to me \"If you want to make it through this war, you have to become unfeeling and apathetic to your surroundings no matter how bad things get out there. It's the only way you'll remain yourself after this is all over.\" His father a veteran of the Great War had told him that before he went off too Poland. I remember he also told me that his father suffered from night terrors. This is why I don't dwell on the lives I have taken, to retain who I am when this war is over. Unteroffiziers Karl was our Senior NCO and the only one the five us that has made it this far in the war as he was among the first to fight in the Invasion of Poland. He has been denied promotions so many times for the sole fact that he had family who were not Aryan. Well I can't say I'm any better only a Unteroffizier as well but denied any kind of promotions because someone in my blood was jewish. Actually the whole crew has been denied for one bullshit reason or another but we all have been decorated so much for our actions, we all at one point or another earned our Iron Cross. We have been together since we first got in our first Panzer III and invaded France together in 1940, then Rommel himself picked us for his Afrika Korps as we proved to get his attention from for the amount of valor we showed on the battlefield. We then found ourselves in Tobruk in 1941 were we fought the British in the dunes of the desert it's also were we suffered our first defeat. We got our revenge at Battleaxe where we first faced the British's Crusader tank and were we the sole surviving crew in our platoon, which was probably the reason we failed at both battles at El Alamein. We had one last victory in North Africa at the Kasserine Pass as we held back at least two companies of American Infantry and completely devastated the American's M3 Stuart tanks. After that we were taken out of North Africa and sent to the Eastern Front were we back with the 7th Panzer Division, we didn't do too much there we never really encountered the Soviets there. The only time we actually fought were small resistance groups but most of the time they were under armed with only rifles and grenades. With only being on the Eastern front for about three or so months we found ourselves in France in Early 1944. Were we participated in holding the beachhead from the Americans and later fighting them in land. It was St. Lo were we lost our Panzer III during the battle and fought our way back to friendly lines where we received our Tiger. We did hit and run missions with the 2nd SS Panzer Division boys in Holland from then on till we moved into Belgium that November. Where we were wrapped up to the 1st SS Panzer Division, we did manly suicide charges to the American lines and took part in the failed defense of Foy. We fell back to the Fatherland as the Soviets were on our doorstep so from then on we have been fighting the Soviets, this is also were tasked out to the 9th Army to defend the Fatherland. To which we are now defending ourselves from the Red Horde that is in front of us and we are losing. 20th April 1945 Near Halbe, Germany Ghost crew now part of the 12th Army \"Stop I don't want one\" I said to Otto as he kept trying to get me to try the Soviet cigarette \"Come on, you liked them back Russia\" Otto said with a smile \"That's because E Company smoked all of our smokes and all we had are those shitty Soviet smokes\" Paul chimed in \"What happen to those guys, James Hahn from E Company still owned me for saving him from that Soviet prostitute that tried to kill him\" Muller asked lighting up one of the Soviet cigarettes \"Last I heard from them they were moved too Anzio right before we left to Normandy\" I explain to everyone \"Shit, they didn't make did they\" Paul asked in a solemn voice \"I'm not sure Paul, E Company never ran from a fight so they probably held their ground till the Americans over ran them\" I explain too everyone as I grabbed one of Otto's cigarettes \"They were all really good guys\" Otto said quickly as he laid down and puffed on his cigarette \"God I forgot why I hated these thing\" I coughed out as the veil taste of the Soviet cigarette burned my mouth \"The British had good smokes, remember the ones I found on that officer back in Tobruk\" Paul said with a smile on his face \"I don't know how any of you smoked in North Africa? We didn't wear cloths in the Panzer all we had was our headsets and pants. My skin burned in the shade while you guys burned your lungs in the sun, I never understood that\" Otto laughed as he wiped some sweat from his forehead \"No, you know who had good smokes the Americans, when we found in that abandon supply truck\" Muller added \"It wasn't abandon\" I said to Muller \"Yes it was Wolfe\" Muller answered back \"You unload your 34 in to that poor driver\" Paul added in \"Like I said abandoned\" Muller laughed \"But no really the American smokes were actually really good but you can't beat a good German smoke\" I said still coughing up my cigarette As we hung out by the Tiger tank and continued to remember all the good times, I had noticed that Karl was coming back from Wachtmeister Panzer with a rather frustrated look on his the same look he had when we were told that we had to leave the western front and fall back to here. \"So is it true?\" I asked Karl as I ran up too him \"Is what true?\" Muller and Paul asked \"Tell them Unteroffizier\" Otto said \"We are to surrender to the Americans across the Elbe River and our mission is no longer defending the Berlin, our new mission is to get these civilians away from the Reds\" Karl explained \"Where did this 'new' mission come from?\" Muller asked \"From General der Panzertruppe Wenck himself, his letter sent out to all of us 'It's not about Berlin any more, it's not about the Reich anymore.'\"Karl said as he looked sobering at all of us \"Is it almost over?\" I asked \"That is where it gets a bit complicated, I don't intend to give up my home to foreigners that we fought for almost five years now and I know you all don't want to either.\" Karl continued and we all shock our heads \"So we are attaching ourselves to the 1st SS Panzer boys again and going to keep fighting until we die or we win this war. But first we need to get these 9th and 12th Army with civilians to Elbe River to the Americans\" Karl continued \"We'll we better start moving or the Soviets are going to be on top of us\" I said \"We all should get some rest before we move out boys\" Karl said as he climb into Ghost I climbed in my gunner hatch and fell asleep as well and slowly slipped off to sleep. \"Unteroffizier we're out of ammo and I've lost all hydraulic pressure!\" I yelled to Karl in panic as the American were swarming into the city square \"I lost all controls Unteroffizier! She's dead we got to get the fuck out\" Paul yelled \"I'm going too run out of 34 ammo in a second here if we don't act now Unteroffizier\" Muller yelled as he fired away at the incoming Americans \"Karl what the fuck do we do!?\" I yelled at him \"We are leaving the Panzer! Get out now!\" Karl yelled at all of us I grabbed my MP44 loaded a magazine and held my breath as I opened up the hatch of the Panzer; I was met with a hail of gun fire. Somehow I was able make jump off the Panzer and low crawl to a sand bag barrier were some of the SS Infantry was doing their best to hold back the Americans, they had to a radio setup with another Panzer tank I quickly grabbed it and handed it too Karl as he sled in to cover with me. \"Muller! Paul! Suppressing fire as I get Roth on the line\" Karl commanded to the two of them \"Roth! Roth we need to fall back\" Karl yelled into the radio over the heavy gunfire \"Karl we can't do that our order is to hold 's square or die here\" Roth replied back \" is loss Roth if we do not leave we are all dead\" I yelled into the radio as I grabbed it from Karl's hands Karl grabbed it back from me and continued to yell into the radio over the heavy gunfire, I popped my head up for a second and a round grazed my shoulder. I fell over in pain and screamed at the top of my lungs this is the first time I ever felt like I won't make it out. Even back in North Africa when we went up against our first tank I wasn't this scared. The machine gunners that were holding the line behind the sandbags fell as they were gunned down by the advancing American Infantry; I looked at Karl and noticed they were charging at him as he continued to yell into the radio. \"Karl!\" I yelled as I grabbed one of the American soldiers and wrestled him to the ground Karl quickly reacted as he grabbed his Luger dropped the other two soldiers and grabbed one of the dead SS soldiers Sturmgewehr and began too fire back. The soldier I had grab and I wrestled on the ground, he did everything in his power to try to get me off him, he went for my eyes and out instinct I head butted him and that left him open for me to beat him to death. I started at the young boy I had just killed and for that second I was no longer apathetic to the killing, I had killed him with my own hands. I just looked into his eyes and they looked back as if he was saying \"help me\", Karl had grabbed my shoulder and yelled my name over and over again but I was just looking in his eyes. \"WOLFE\" Karl screamed into my ear My eyes shot open and I sat up and hit my head on the side of the Tiger tank and fell back down holding my head in pain. \"You're dreaming about France again, Wolfe. It's not that kid again is it\" Karl asked I just nodded my head as I went to wake up the guys \"It's always about the kid\" I said to Karl as I shook Otto awake 21st April 1945 Near Elbe River, Germany We rode on another stretch of scared land as we closed in on the Elbe river, this time instead of the Sappers riding with us we had Thomas a young boy who was drafted when the Soviets invaded. Thomas is no older then twelve but the boy has gone through so much already, losing his father early on in the war and losing his mother to an air raid over his town. He's lived with his uncle for a time before the Soviets came through and murdered the whole place. Poor kid barley made it out, he been spending a lot of time with us, he also looks up to Karl as a surrogate father almost as he always holding his hand or asking him for help with everything. \"Paul I need you take a left at the fork in the road\" Karl said of his headset \"Roger Unteroffizier\" Paul complied \"Otto load an H.E. shell I feel a ambush\" Karl commanded \"Shell loaded Unteroffizier\" Otto replied over his headset What was left of us was about five tanks in the rear and apparently there was a massive Soviet armor battalion heading our way. As we continue on we start talking heavy fire \"Ambush!\" the radio screamed in our ears \"Thomas! Grab the Panzerfaust!\" Karl yelled at the young boy \"Contact 300 meters out! Soviet Medium armored T-34 to our eleven\" Paul yelled \"H.E. Shell is already loaded\" Otto yelled \"Away\" I yelled as fired at him \"Too high! Wolfe you're high bring it down two and right three\" Karl yelled the adjustments to me \"Roger! I'm already on it\" I yelled as I made the corrections \"H.E. Shell loaded\" Otto yelled \"Away\" I screamed \"Direct hit Wolfe, they're burning! Wait Infantry in the open, light them up\" Karl yelled as he grabbed his Sturmgewehr raised the hatch and started engaging the infantry that had infiltrated our line Thomas had grabbed the Panzerfaust and laid down behind some tree's and fired it at the incoming Soviet troops. The young boy scored a direct hit on a troop truck some of the Soviets coming in. \"The kid takes after well you pretty good Unteroffizier\" Muller said through headset \"Shut up and keep shooting\" Paul yelled at Muller next too him \"Wolfe! Muller! Light them up with the MG34 man, come on\" Paul yelled up at me from the driver seat I got about a dozen soldiers in my sights some engulfed in flames from their vehicle being hit some stubbing away. They were cut down by our guns it didn't matter to us, it was easy either we kill them or they kill us. \"Karl! We lost Heer Lieutenant Walliser and the Wachtmeister, we are lead element now\" Muller said as he listens to the radio traffic \"Okay, Muller put me on all nets\" Karl demanded \"On it Unteroffizier. Okay you're good\" Muller said as he transmitted us to all elements \"All remaining Panzer elements this is 'Ghost', I'm lead element now follow me we must hold the line here so the civilians and wounded can get to safety first. If we don't hold here their going to kill all the civilians, the children, the women, the old, the wounded they are depending on us\" Unteroffizier Karl said as he assumed command \"We are with you 'Ghost'\" \"Loud and Clear 'Ghost'\" \"Got it 'Ghost'\" \"Got a full load of hardcore Fallschirmjägers that have been waiting to kick some ass 'Ghost'\" \"Okay guys let's bring it to Reds. For the Fatherland boys!\" Unteroffizier. Karl yelled he closed his hatch \"Paul advance forward, Muller check comms and reload your MG34, Otto load H.E. shell, Wolfe steady that aim we're are going to need it\" ","Summary":" 18th April 1945 Seelow Heights, Germany \"Soviet Infantry front!\" Unteroffizier Karl yelled \"Load"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Ice Cold","Author":"AshleyBelleTheGinger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10852653","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ( A/N: Now that Crythin Gifford is a city named Misty Hollow, there are more stores and roads leading to Misty Hollow Manor. There's also a school for elementary, one for middle, one for high school.) Chapter One The school bus roared around the corner and the bus driver slammed on the brakes, sending the students careening forward. The doors groaned open and two girls stepped off. The older one, Sapphire Rose Thompson, was a beautiful sixteen-year-old girl with long golden hair and sapphire eyes. Her fourteen-year-old sister, Emerald Renee Thompson, looked exactly the opposite. She was still beautiful, of course, but her hair was long and dark brown, and her eyes were the brightest shade of emerald. They both walked down the street to their large two-story house. There were two cars in the driveway when sometimes there were four. They stopped on the front porch so Sapphire could dig in her bag for her house key. She unlocked the door to the foyer. As usual, there was no one inside the house except for Emerald's German Shepherd, Java, and Sapphire's tabby cat, Bean, who Sapphire stopped to pet while Emerald went into the kitchen to feed her dog. There was a yellow Post-It note stuck to the top of the refrigerator and Emerald read it. \"Girls, don't wait up for me. I am going to be late from work because someone brought a new case in and I have to read it. Fix yourselves a meal and then do whatever you want. You can even have boys over if you like. Love, Violet (Mom)\" Emerald was very irritated. \"How come Mom's never home? Is her job really that important?\" She said. There was no answer. \"Sapphire?\" Emerald looked in the foyer and her sister was not there. Neither was her cat. All of a sudden, Emerald heard a loud crash and a piercing scream from her parents' bedroom. Frightened, Emerald shrieked, \"Sapphire!\" and ran to the stairs. Before she could climb them, however, the doorbell rang. Emerald groaned and stomped to the front door and pulled it open. Sapphire's seventeen-year-old friend Dennis Henrickson stood on the front porch, grinning. \"Hey Emmie, what's up?\" Emerald blushed, as she always did around Dennis. \"Your sister here, Emmie? I gotta talk to her about something,\" he said. \"Um-uh-okay,\" she stammered, and led him into the living room. Emerald looked behind her before she walked away, and Dennis winked at her. She smiled, then turned and bounded up the stairs. Java was waiting in the doorway to her parents' room, whining. Bean was there too. Emerald looked down and saw shattered glass all over the hardwood floor. She frowned and followed the trail to the bathroom. In the bathroom, Emerald saw the mirror. There was a big black hole in the middle where the mirror should be, and shattered glass was everywhere . On the floor lay a destroyed boom box, its speakers blown out and the entire thing ruined. Emerald opened the closet door and saw her sister. Sapphire was clutching her bloody hand to her chest because of the deep gouge wound running across it. She turned to Emerald and said, choking, \"You were right, Em. There's a very mean ghost living here and it threw the boom box at the mirror and the mirror shattered and I was so scared and I ran in the closet and it was banging on the door and it wouldn't leave me alone and-\" \"Shhh, it's okay, Sapphire, calm down.\" She snatched a scarf from her mother's side of the closet and wrapped her sister's hand in it. \"Come on. Dennis is downstairs. He said he had to talk to you. You can tell me about the ghost later.\" Emerald slowly led her sister downstairs to the living room. \"Okay, you can let go now. Emerald, let go! I'm fine!\" Sapphire shrugged off her sister's hand. Dennis looked shocked. \"What happened to your hand?\" \"Nothing. It's a long story.\" Emerald was very impatient. \"What did you need to talk about, Dennis?\" she bounced on her feet. Dennis turned and gave her his look that meant she needed to leave. \"Fine, I'll just go make myself useful in the kitchen,\" she sulked, and stalked away. \"What is it, Dennis?\" Sapphire whispered as her sister banged pots and pans in the kitchen. \"I wanted to talk to you about your sister,\" he whispered back. \"Is that why you didn't want her in here?\" \"Yeah.\" \"What about Emerald?\" Sapphire asked. \"You know how I said that I didn't have any feelings for my girl friends?\" \"Yeah,\" Sapphire replied suspiciously. \"Well, I have feelings for Emmie.\" Sapphire was shocked. \"Dennis, she's fourteen! And you're seventeen! What are you thinking?\" \"I know she feels the same way! She blushes nonstop when I'm around and she's always so bouncy around me!\" Sapphire sighed, frustrated. \"Okay, so why are you telling me this?\" she groaned. \"Because I want your permission to date her.\" Emerald was sadly making dinner in the kitchen as her sister and Dennis whispered together in the living room. She had heard a few words, like \"Seventeen\" and \"Permission\" and \"Date\" and \"Bouncy\". She assumed that meant that Dennis and Sapphire were going to date. She sighed. She wanted that to happen between herself and Dennis, not her stupid sister. She started daydreaming until she dropped a very hot pan on her foot, which left a huge blister around her ankle. Emerald bit her lip, trying not to scream as she waddled out of the kitchen, saying ow with every step. She limped through the living room as Dennis and Sapphire watched. Dennis was amused. \"Something wrong, Emmie?\" he smirked. \"I dropped a hot pan on my foot, stupid!\" Emerald snapped, hobbling her way to the bathroom and slamming the door. \"Yikes,\" Dennis said, shocked. \"You want to stay for dinner, Dennis? Emerald always makes enough,\" Sapphire said, changing the subject. \"Yeah, sure, whatever,\" Dennis said, distracted. \"Earth to Dennis! Stop daydreaming, dude!\" \"I'm sorry! I can't stop thinking about her,\" Dennis grinned. Emerald started by looking for a lighter and a needle so she could deflate the blister before it got infected. She felt bad for yelling at Dennis because he didn't deserve that. If only he knew how frustrated she was, then he would understand. She found the lighter and set it on the counter. Then she turned to look in the medicine cabinet for the needle. She almost stabbed her finger in her haste to pull it out. When she turned around, the lighter was gone. She turned to look for it and she felt something pushing her. She hit her eye on the sharp edge of the counter with a shocking crash. Emerald crumpled on the floor. After a few minutes, she found the strength to stand up and look in the mirror. Her eye looked bad. The whole eye was bruised and bloody. \"Emerald?\" Sapphire said, right outside the door. \"Go away!\" Sapphire's footsteps faded away. Only then did Emerald open the door. She held her hand to her eye as she walked by Dennis. \"You okay, Emmie?\" he said. Emerald ignored him and stomped to the kitchen. The dinner was almost done cooking. \"Em, Dennis is staying for dinner!\" her sister yelled. \"Great,\" Emerald said sarcastically. Emerald refused to talk as she stabbed the serving spoon into the dish. Dennis was behind her, trying to get her attention. \"Emmie, you can't just ignore me. Why won't you look at me?\" he pleaded. She just shook her head. Finally Dennis grabbed her waist and turned her to him. She turned her bad eye away from him. \"Look at me,\" he said softly. She turned her eye to him. He gasped. \"What happened?\" \"Nothing,\" she replied, stepping away from him and taking the plates to the dining room and slammed them down on the placemats. Sapphire looked at her, then did a double take. \"Em, what's wrong with your eye?\" Sapphire whispered, making sure Dennis was out of earshot. \"Your stupid ghost friend paid me a visit,\" Emerald snapped, then stalked back into the kitchen. Dennis was waiting for her. \"You forgot to serve yourself dinner, Emmie,\" he said gently. \"I'm not eating dinner. And don't call me Emmie!\" Emerald snarled, then turned and ran out of the room. Sapphire raised her eyebrow. Dennis came to stand by her. \"Great. Now how am I gonna ask her?\" he sighed, exasperated. \"Go now, while she's reading. That's when she's calmest. GO, Dennis!\" Sapphire growled, pushing him up the stairs. \"Fine,\" he grumbled. He found Emerald's room and knocked on the door. \" What do you want, Dennis?! \" Emerald yelled. \"Just to talk,\" he replied. Inside her room, Emerald had had it. She stomped to the door and opened it a crack. \"I don't want to talk to anyone right now, much less you!\" she snapped. She closed the door again and flopped back on her bed. She pulled out the \"book\". It was really a painting. A portrait of her and Dennis. In the painting he was holding her protectively. Emerald grabbed her paints out of the drawer and finished the painting. She was just closing the mirrored sliding closet door when she heard her door open. Next thing she knew, Dennis was behind her. \"Go away.\" \"No.\" \"Dennis, go away. I'm warning you!\" Dennis shook his head. He glanced around the room. \"What? Is there something wrong with my room?\" Emerald snapped. Dennis frowned. He could see the white edge of canvas poking out of the closet. \"What are you doing?\" Emerald said nervously, seeing as he was walking over to the closet. Dennis was trying to pull the canvas out. Emerald walked to the closet, shoved the canvas back inside, and slammed the door closed. \"No,\" she said. \"What is it?\" Dennis asked. \"None of your business,\" Emerald replied. \"What book were you reading?\" Emerald was startled. \"What?\" \"What book were you reading, Emmie?\" \"I-uh-the one on the, um, dresser,\" she stammered. Dennis tried so hard not to laugh at her. \"What? What's so funny?\" \"Your school handbook? You weren't reading a book, were you?\" \"No,\" Emerald scowled. \"You were working on whatever's on that canvas in the closet.\" \"Good going, Sherlock!\" Emerald said very sarcastically. His gaze shifted to the closet. Emerald ran to the closet door and was in front of it in less than two seconds. \"Little jumpy, are we?\" Dennis was confused. Emerald looked like a frightened rabbit facing death. He pulled her away from the door and slid the door open. \"Whoa...\" The closet was filled not with clothes, but with paintings. Dennis picked up the one that was poking out of the door and held it up. It looked like a real picture. Of Dennis and Emerald. He placed it on the bed, smiling. He pulled the next one off the shelf. \"Don't look at that one,\" Emerald whispered. \"Okay, I won't.\" He picked the one of him and Emerald again. \"Were you working on this during dinner?\" She nodded. \"Guess someone's been daydreaming, huh?\" Emerald looked away. \"Emmie?\" \"What?\" \"Can I tell you something?\" \"Depends on what it is.\" \"It's about you...and me,\" Dennis grinned. Emerald finally looked up. \"What do you mean? I heard you and Sapphire talking about dating earlier. You're just another guy who wants to have my sister all to himself, so why should I care what you think about me? Like that's ever going to happen, anyway, what with her staring at me all the time.\" \"Who?\" \"No one. Forget I said anything. Look, if we're just going to talk about how much you want to date my sister, then leave. I have enough to worry about than to be sad about myself.\" Emerald turned the other way and faced the window. \"I do have someone I want to date, but it's not your sister.\" \"Still. I don't want to hear it.\" \"Emmie.\" \"What?!\" \"You're the one I want to date, not your sister. Why do you think I like your painting so much?\" Emerald stopped rocking and went absolutely still. Emerald was still for maybe more than five minutes. Finally she turned away from the window. \"She was wrong. She was wrong about everything. She said I wouldn't be able to have anyone who had feelings for me. She's wrong. As usual.\" \"Who's wrong?\" \"My mom, she always told me I was too stupid and ugly to get a boyfriend.\" Dennis sat on the bed and held Emerald for a while. \"It's okay, I'm here for you.\" At that moment, Sapphire opened the door and saw Dennis holding her sister protectively. She smiled. \"Good work, Dennis.\" She walked away. Emerald fell asleep in Dennis' arms. Dennis moved, like he was going to leave. \"No, don't go. Stay with me, Dennis. Please?\" The last thing she heard before she fell away was, \"Always.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: She Knows She watches her. The girl with the green eyes. Her next victim. How could they not know what lives in their house? Well, not lives, but exists. The girl is better off not knowing the woman's past. The woman had put her son's body back into the marsh. No one should be so foolish as to dig it up again. Like Arthur Kipps. Meddling where he doesn't belong, going through all her letters to Alice, bringing his son to Crythin Gifford. He saw her, so the children started dying. But they will see. She will make them see. Emerald is hers. She will make sure of it. Now, how to deal with that pesky sister of Emerald... The mirror trick did not work. She tried to give Emerald a subtle warning when she gave her the bloody eye, but that didn't work either. Emerald knows she's been watching, though. Emerald will never know what hit her. No one defies the Woman in Black. She knows. (A/N: Sorry this chapter is so short. I wanted to do this from the Woman in Black's perspective, so I kept it short and suspenseful...Hope you enjoy and leave a review telling me what you think of the story so far!)[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: She Never Forgives The girl with the blue eyes, what was her name? Oh, right. Sapphire. Such a pretty name for a pretty girl. It was a shame that the girl wouldn't live to see her 17th birthday. Wait. A shame? The Woman in Black feels no shame. She only feels anger and hate clouding her. She hangs in the corner of the room that was once the nursery, unseen by the people who live in the house. This room once belonged to her little Nathaniel, before the marshes stole his life away from her. Now this room has been converted into a bedroom. The other girl's room. Emerald. The next victim. Usually the victims were much younger than 14, but the Woman in Black had taken a special interest in this one. As if she had materialized merely by thought, Emerald bounced into the room. She won't see the figure standing behind the dark curtains. But she will see what's on the bed when she pulls back the covers. Her piercing scream assures that she had, in fact, seen the rotting corpse left as a gift from the Woman in Black. The dripping blood spells out a single sentence. One that sends chills through the petite girl. I'm coming for you next. The day was bright and sunny, but the Woman in Black did not enjoy it. She loathed sunshine. She hadn't been able to feel it since Nathaniel was alive. Once again, the dark cloud of anger and hate grew ever darker and pulsated with the strength of negative emotions. Soon, another incident would occur to truly make the family believe in ghosts. Of course, the Woman in Black was much more than just a silly ghost. She was a malevolent spirit, one that wished to harm others for the sheer pleasure of seeing their pain, watching as the splash of crimson blood dripped onto the floor. Her drifting mind was quite a disturbing place to be, really. If you could call it a mind. Now the time has come to start the plan of destroying the victim and her family….. ##****************************************************## Emerald knew she was in a dream. She was standing in what should have been her family's garden, but it was not. It was a graveyard. She watched as a strange man with black hair and startling blue eyes frantically searched for someone. \"Who's there?\" he said with a British accent. A white flash and she was standing in someone's dining room. She turned around and that man was there again with another man, looking at a picture of a young boy. Nicholas, the other man called the boy. Then an aging woman who looked quite frail was escorted into the room. She said something and left again. Emerald frowned. What was going on? In a moment, she returned holding two Chihuahuas dressed in white-and-blue sailor outfits, complete with hats. She handed one to a Butler and took the other and set it into a tiny chair meant for an infant at the table. Then they were making conversation while she was spoon-feeding the dog. Emerald tuned back into the conversation as the woman was saying, \"I painted it myself.\" She gestured to a painting of the young boy in a gray outfit. She mentioned something he enjoyed doing. \"He still does,\" she added. \"Elizabeth,\" the older man warned. Elizabeth's movements were becoming jerky and puppet-like. \"He wants to draw you a picture,\" she spat. \"\"Elizabeth,\" he hissed. Elizabeth spread the silverware apart on the table. She picked up a knife and groaned, stabbing it into the table and gouging deep into it. \"Get the medication!\" he shouted. The black-haired, blue-eyed man sat stock-still, watching with wide eyes. \"MEDICATION!\" the older man screamed, and the Butler rushed in with a damp cloth and handed it to the older man, who grabbed it and pressed it to his wife's face. She struggled wildly but soon calmed down, dropping the knife. It made a loud clang as it fell. Emerald walked around the table and peered down at the sloppy drawing. It was a person being hanged. ##***************************************************## Emerald shot up, gasping. The name of the black haired man suddenly came to her, as if someone had planted it inside her brain. Arthur Kipps. He was from London. He had a son named Joseph, and he was a widower. His wife's name had been Stella, and she had died in childbirth. Emerald pressed her hands to the sides of her head as the information kept flowing. The older man was Sam Daily and his son had died. Drowning. That's who Nicholas was. Elizabeth Daily was Sam's wife and pretended her chihuahuas were actual children so as to conceal the pain of losing Nicholas. Emerald shook her head and crawled back under the covers. She closed her eyes and waited for sleep to take her. ##**************************************************## She was standing in the attic of the hotel across the water. Hollow Arms. But this was how it must have looked in older times. There were three beds, and three little girls were having a tea party with porcelain dolls. They poured the tea and helped the dolls drink. The girls had red hair. One had a sweet, pudgy face, and her hair was stick-straight. Another girl had huge eyes and an angular face, but her hair had some slight wave to it. The other little girl was extremely pale, and her hair was shorter and wildly curly. As if controlled, they all turned to look in the back corner. Emerald looked too, and gasped. It was her. The Woman who was always in a black gown that swept the floor and veil the same length. Her face was old and wrinkled, as if she were a walking corpse. The girls looked away, at each other, then slowly got up. They walked in unison to the the three tall windows, dropping the tea cups and they fell to the ground and shattered. They stepped on the porcelain doll heads and snapped them. The little girls unlatched the windows, their movements robotic, and stepped up onto the window sill. After a second of hesitation, they jumped. Emerald heard a woman's shrill scream and rushed to the window and looked down. The three red-haired little girls were on the ground, their limbs splayed and their necks hanging at an unnatural angle. Their mother was crouched over them, sobbing hysterically. Emerald turned away and looked at the woman in the corner. Beneath the veil, her cracked and decaying lips curled upward into an evil smile, gazing at Emerald, then turning and walked into the door, disappearing like silvery mist that shrouded the marshland. ##**************************************************## ","Summary":" ( A/N: Now that Crythin Gifford is a city named Misty Hollow, there are more stores and roads leadi"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Flashback","Author":"scarlet tribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11160222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Who Knew? It was Memorial Day weekend in Washington D.C. and busses poured into the National Mall, bringing veterans from every war since World War II. Civilians and soldiers walked around the war monuments. Jackie Edwards and her class were wandering around the World War II. She and her classmates were told to talk to the veterans about their experience or thank them for their service. They had broken into groups and began wandering around. Jackie and her best friend Beth looked around, trying to find someone to talk too. They wanted to be paired with their other friend Renee, but the teachers had assigned groups. Jackie looked over and saw Renee already talking to a veteran. Jackie envied the way she could just go up and start talking to anyone. Beth took Jackie's hand and began to drag her across the memorial. HSe had found a veteran they could talk to. Jackie watched as Beth stuck out her hand to the man in the wheel chair. He lifted his head to look at us. He looked between the two of us with his strong blue-grey eyes. Beth smiled at the man and he reached out and shook her hand. \"We wanted to thank you for your service.\" Beth told him. He looked at her and nodded. He didn't seem sad, just tired and worn. The bags under his eyes and his slightly slumped shoulder told of weariness and Jackie felt a pang of sympathy. \"I'm Bethany and this is Jackie!\" She said, introducing the two of them. The edges of the man's mouth turned up slightly in a firm smile. \"Sergeant Don Collier.\" The man said introducing themselves. \"See you and a few other kids your age are here today. Shouldn't you be in school?\" \"It's a field trip.\" Jackie explained. \"We came here to meet you guys and talk to you.\" Don Collier nodded and looked at the two again. \"Where you girls from?\" HE asked. \"Our school is in Pennsylvania.\" Jackie explained. He nodded. Beth and Jackie looked at each other. What should they say? \"Sir, I was wondering-\" Beth started to say but Sergeant Collier cut her off. \"Just Don. I'm not an active Sergeant anymore.\" He told the two girls. Beth smiled. \"Ok. So, Don, I was wondering what you did in the war.\" Beth asked. He looked at her and his expression asked her to be more specific. \"What was your job in the war? What was it like?\" Don sighed through his nose and looked at the two girls. He debated on whether or not he should tell them about when they met Norman. That day deserved its own monument in his own opinion. \"I worked in a tank.\" He stated to give them something at least. \"If you don't want to talk about it, it's ok.\" Jackie told him, noticing his hesitation. He watched as Jackie took Betty's hand in hers gently. The girls shared a look and Jackie turned to talk to Don. \"So, you've never been here before? Where are you from?\" \"Iowa.\" He said and looked at the girls. Jackie saw him staring and got slightly defensive. \"What?\" She asked. \"You look like you wanna say something.\" Don smiled a bit at the two before speaking. \"Nothing, just remind me of my sister.\" He said pointing at Beth. He paused before talking again. \"How long you two got?\" He asked. The two looked at each other, thinking. \"Pretty much all day. Why?\" Beth asked. \"I'm gonna tell you two about the day we got a new driver. Kid's name was Norman. Good kid.\" Don stopped and paused. \"His first day with us was hell. It was those days that most of the people back home never knew about. Even though it was one of the worst days, it had its good moments.\" He explained. Don had begun rolling his chair over to a bench and the two girls followed. Jackie and Beth sat on the benches and leaned forward waiting for him to start. \"In each tank, five guys work together. First, it was me, I was the \"Top.\" I was in charge. Then was Boyd, th man who fired the canon on the tank. Grady was the loader and then there are two drivers. They also shoot when they aren't busy driving. At first it was Gordo and Red.\" Don began to explain. Jackie interrupted. \"At first? What happened?\" She asked, curious. Don looked at her. \"Don't interrupt and I'll tell you.\" He said. Don leaned back in his wheel chair and continued, remembering how Red's body looked. \"Red died with the rest of the platoon we were with. Had his face blown off. I got my men back to the base and had them fix up the tank. I couldn't give them time to mourn.\" He admitted and the girls could hear the remorse in his tone. \"War isn't a time where you get to mourn your dead. You had to leave them and keep going. If you were alive you had a job to do.\" He looked around the memorial, watching the veterans and civilians mingle for a few minutes. \"Norman, the kid, was assigned to us to replace Red. He was only twenty. Had no place being there.\" \"Why?\" Beth asked, confused. What made him so different from the rest of the men and women? \"He was trained to type, not to drive a tank. Army messed up and sent him to us. He had no business in that tank but he did alright. He did alright.\" Don finished quietly, thinking back in Norman fondly. He was a good kid. \"What were they like? Your men, what were they like?\" Jackie asked, wanting to hear about them. Don smiled to himself. \"They were good.\" Don admitted. \"They were assholes but they were good.\" Jackie snorted to herself and Beth elbowed her. \"I already told you about Norman for the most part. He was a quieter kid, kept to himself mostly. Gordo, the other driver, he was Mexican. He helped Norman out, watched out for him, hell we all did. Gordo had the crosses he collected from dead Nazis hanging on his ceiling, like trophies. Drivers always got that special bond so Norman and Gordo were pretty close. But Grady was always the one getting into a mess with Gordo. Those two were fucking animals.\" Don admitted with a sigh. \"Grady was worse. Swearin' all the damn time, man had no manners. He and Boyd were close 'cause they worked the canon but Grady was closer to Gordo.\" Don rubbed the back of his head, thinking about Boyd. He couldn't help but smile at the thought of the man. \"What was Boyd like?\" Beth asked softly. Don looked at them again and continued describing his men. \"Boyd was like our own personal Chaplin. He was studying to be a preacher before he went to Germany. Called him Bible 'cause he was always preachin'. He was a good man. Bible was able to keep his head on when I couldn't.\" What else could he say? There was so much to say, he didn't even know where to start. \"Boyd was a good friend. Loyal and wise. You didn't get that much in Germany. He kept us grounded there, kept us going.\" Jackie watched as Don spoke about Boyd. His hard, tired face relaxed into a fond smile and his voice softened. Jackie knew, she could see it. \"Don?\" She asked, getting his attention. He looked at her. \"Did you love him?\" Sorry it's so short and rough. Tell me how you like it, and to those who read my other story, brownie points if you recognize some names. Thanks for reading. ","Summary":" Who Knew? It was Memorial Day weekend in Washington D.C. and busses poured into the National Mall, "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Beyond the wasteland","Author":"AndanielLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11520082","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aku bisa menciumnya. Bau khas itu. Bau terbakar matahari, katanya. Bau yang familiar, yang hanya membutuhkan waktu seharian penuh saja bersama pemiliknya sudah bisa menghafalnya mati. Tapi, aku tahu dia belum di sini. Belum. Aku belum merasakan kehadirannya, dan maka dari itu, aku bangkit ke posisi duduk. Kepalaku mendadak terasa pusing. Mungkin karena aku terlalu terburu-buru menarik diri. Tapi, ya sudah lah. Setidaknya, untuk mencegah dia melakukan tindakan macam-macam, lebih baik bersikap seperti ini dulu. \"Apa yang kau lakukan, masih terbangun jam segini?\" Aku mendengar suara langkah kaki berat mendekatiku, berjalan di atas rerumputan, kemudian aku teringat kembali. Aku masih di tempat yang sama, di atas bukit yang sama. Aku melihat ke langit, gelap yang penuh dengan bintang—biasanya memang seperti ini jika berada di daerah Timur. Tapi, apakah ini malam yang sama juga? Bau itu semakin tercium, kini tercampur dengan aroma kopi hitam panas, dan wangi embun rumput yang bergesekan dengan sepatu berat yang dikenakannya. Aku tidak perlu menoleh untuk memastikan, karena langkahnya semakin terdengar jelas, walaupun mulai melambat. \"Tidak bisa tidur? Mimpi buruk lagi?\" tanyanya kemudian. Dari sudut mataku, dia sudah berdiri diam di samping belakangku. Masih dengan celana tentaranya yang sama, sepatu yang sama... Kepalaku sudah tidak terasa pusing lagi, tapi jiwaku perlahan terasa berat. Perasaan yang sama masih ada, dan aku bisa merasakannya merayapiku. Aku sangat takut. Aku takut kehilangan kendali lagi. Jadi ku putuskan untuk menunduk dan memandang tanah di antara kedua kakiku. Sementara secara tidak sengaja, kedua telingaku menangkap suara pembicaraan beberapa orang sayup-sayup di belakangku, dari arah dia datang tadi. Dan sungguh disayangkan, ternyata aku bahkan juga mengenal suara-suara siapa saja itu. \"Di mana kita sekarang?\" Aku memaksakan diri untuk bersuara, karena aku menolak untuk mengingat nama-nama siapa saja dari orang-orang yang sedang berbicara di kejauhan itu—setidaknya untuk sekarang ini. Aku merasakan angin malam berhembus, tapi aku menggigil bukan karena dinginnya, melainkan karena aku mendapati dia telah mengambil posisi untuk duduk di sebelahku. Kali ini, secara refleks aku menoleh ke arahnya. \"Afrika,\" jawabnya setelah jeda beberapa saat untuk menghirup kembali segelas kopi di tangannya. Dia tidak menatapku, dia sedang menatap ke kejauhan di hadapan kami. Hamparan dataran yang jarang didapati tanaman selain rumput. Tanah yang tercampur abu, debu, dan pasir. Suasananya benar-benar sepi dan tenang. Tapi, tidak sama dengan suasana hatiku saat ini. \"Kenapa kita ada di sini...?\" aku bertanya, pelan. Cukup pelan untuk bisa dianggap sebagai gumaman, karena memang itulah maksudku. Dan aku berharap dia tidak mendengarnya, karena kita berdua sama-sama tahu itu adalah pertanyaan bodoh. Semua orang tahu kenapa kita ada di sini. Semua orang, kecuali aku. Dan itu memang faktanya. \"Ceritakan padaku,\" ujarnya tiba-tiba, disusul dengan dehaman. Aku menoleh ke arahnya, hanya untuk mendapatkannya menatapku. Dan kalau boleh jujur, melihatnya tersiram cahaya bulan yang pucat jadi membuatku ingin beranggapan bahwa dia adalah es batu yang dipahat menjadi seorang manusia. Aku melihat sebuah bayangan pada dirinya. Refleksi dari diriku sendiri. Tapi, semua orang juga pernah mengatakan hal yang sama ketika berhadapan dengannya. Entah bagaimana kami bisa memiliki pemikiran yang sama seperti ini. Namun, kedua mata itu... sampai sekarang pun aku masih tidak yakin apakah warna yang sebenarnya itu biru terang, atau abu-abu. \"Cerita apa?\" Aku bertanya, masih dengan nada pelan, nyaris berbisik. Aku tidak tahu apakah dia menyadari hal ini atau tidak, tapi ini lah kelemahanku. Setiap kali aku menatapnya, aku pasti akan terjebak lama di dalamnya. Aku akan bertanya-tanya, makhluk apa kau ini? Kenapa aku bisa melihat diriku sendiri di dalam dirimu, hanya dengan berada di dekatmu? Kenapa aku jadi ingin menyerahkan hidupku hanya kepadamu? Kenapa aku harus mengenalmu? \"Kau tahu harus cerita apa,\" balasnya santai, kemudian berpaling untuk meminum kembali kopinya. Aku berkedip beberapa kali, merasa sedikit kaget karena harus terlepas dari tarikan itu secara mendadak. Maka aku pun berpaling ke arah yang berlawanan juga—kembali menatap ke depan. Dan menolak untuk langsung menjawabnya, sekalipun aku memang tahu apa yang dimaksudkannya. Ah, ya. Benar. Mimpi buruk... \"Yeah, aku mimpi buruk.\" Aku mengakui lambat-lambat. Tatapanku kembali memandang ke bawah, dan aku menghembuskan napas pelan. Aku bisa merasakan tatapannya kembali tertuju kepadaku, tapi kuputuskan untuk membiarkannya saja. \"Kau tahu kan sudah berapa kali kita membahas tentang ini?\" tanyanya kemudian. Aku mengangguk, bukan sebagai tanda setuju. Aku tahu maksudnya apa. Dia tidak memintaku berhenti. Tapi, tetap saja rasanya sedikit pahit juga untuk mendengarnya lagi... \"Aku... bermimpi tentang kepala tanpa tubuh, yang terbang mengelilingiku. Tidak berhenti mengatakan 'maafkan aku', terus-menerus. Dan...\" Aku masih bisa merasakan pandangannya menusukku, menembus diriku, seolah tengah berusaha untuk membacaku. Tapi aku masih menolak untuk menatapnya. Aku pun melanjutkan, \"...dan aku... ingin menghentikannya. Membuatnya diam. Lalu, muncul sebuah pisau, entah dari mana.\" \"Teruskan.\" Ujarnya dengan nada memerintah. Tidak terdengar rasa simpatik sedikitpun, dan ironisnya, mungkin memang itu yang kubutuhkan untuk situasi sekarang ini. Untuk beberapa saat aku hanya terdiam. Tidak berani melanjutkan, karena kupikir dia pasti tahu apa yang akan aku katakan tentang mimpi itu. Aku tahu dia pasti tahu apa yang aku lakukan selanjutnya. Tapi dia selalu seperti ini, dia belum berubah. Karena dia lah yang pertama kali memaksaku untuk membunuh seseorang. Dia yang memaksaku memegang sebuah revolver, dan dia juga yang memaksaku untuk membuat sebuah lubang besar di tubuh orang itu. Pertanyaan 'ini antara kau, atau dia?' tidak akan pernah pergi sejak hari itu. Dan... ketika aku memilih, aku dengan tegas mengatakan 'bunuh saja aku', dan aku mengulangnya berkali-kali. Sekalipun aku tahu, aku tidak akan bisa memaksanya untuk melakukannya, seperti dia memaksaku untuk melakukannya. Hanya saja, sekarang, di sini lah aku. Diriku yang sekarang, sejak hari itu, sudah berubah. Aku telah bertempur bersamanya, dan merasakan apa arti dari menarik pelatuk yang sebenarnya. Dan setidaknya, aku juga sudah sejauh ini. Lagi pula, yang sedang kami bicarakan saat ini hanyalah sebuah mimpi. Iya, kan? \"Aku mengincar kepala itu dengan pisauku. Tapi... yah...\" Aku bisa merasakan tarikan napasku setelah mengatakan itu bergetar. Ini bukan rasa takut, dan aku tidak gentar. Aku hanya gelisah, dan aku hanya ingin mengeluarkan isi kepalaku secepatnya. Jadi, kupaksakan tawa pendek untuk mencoba menenangkan diri, \"Sepertinya aku tidak ahli dalam menggunakan pisau.\" Gumamku. Ah, aku ini benar-benar payah. \"Apa kau mengenal kepala siapa itu?\" tanyanya, setelah meminum kembali kopinya untuk yang ke sekian kalinya. Dia terlihat tenang sekali. Nyaris mirip seperti suasana di hadapan kami. Dia seperti gurun kosong yang punya banyak cerita, dan untuk memandangnya saja sudah cukup membuatmu mengerti, kalau tidak ada yang perlu dikhawatirkan, karena dia ada—untuk membiarkanmu beristirahat. \"Ya, pak.\" Jawabku pelan. \"Dan siapa dia ini?\" Aku meliriknya, tidak menjawab langsung karena aku merasakan lidahku menjadi kelu. Apa dia akan mengerti jika aku menjawabnya tidak secara langsung? Karena, sungguh, aku khawatir dia sudah mengetahui siapa yang kumaksud. \"Dia...\" aku memalingkan wajahku darinya untuk melihat pemandangan di sisiku yagn satu lagi, \"...orang Jerman.\" Angin berhembus tepat bersamaan dengan kata-kata terakhirku. Tapi kurasa suara hembusannya tidak cukup keras untuk menyembunyikan kehampaan dari nada bicaraku. Dan aku pun kembali menoleh ke arahnya. Tatapan kami saling bertemu, cukup lama, dan aku bisa melihatnya seolah sedang menyampaikan 'aku mengerti'. Tapi sedetik kemudian, pandangan itu berubah menjadi sesuatu yang lain. Dan mau bagaimanapun juga, raut tegas wajahnya tidak akan mampu mengubah kelembutan yang terpancar juga. Aku jadi bertanya-tanya, apakah wajahnya itu didapatkannya dari ibunya, kah? Atau ayahnya? Atau mungkin gabungan keduanya? \"Kau tahu,\" dia memulai, seraya dengan lambat-lambat meletakkan gelas kopinya yang nampaknya sudah habis di sisinya, kemudian dia menghela napas. \"Ada sebuah ayat, dari kitab suci yang kubaca—bukan Injil—yang sepertinya cocok untukmu sekarang ini.\" Aku tidak mengalihkan pandanganku darinya untuk terus mengawasi gerak-geriknya. Ini baru pertama kalinya aku mendengar tentang hal ini. Karena hal terakhir yang kudengar darinya tentang keagamaan adalah yang berasal dari Kitab Yesaya, bab 6. Bunyinya seperti ini; \"Dan aku mendengar suara Tuhanku mengatakan, 'siapa yang harus Ku-kirim? Siapa yang akan maju untuk kita?'... maka aku pun menjawab; 'Inilah aku. Kirim aku.'.\" Itu adalah hari terakhir aku bersamanya. Dan dalam sekejap, semua pembicaraan ini pun jadi terasa konyol bagiku. Orang-orang di belakang sana, yang masih belum tidur juga dan masih mengelilingi api unggun, juga sama saja. Teman-teman seperjuanganku yang suka seenaknya saja, yang sebenarnya mereka sama saja seperti platina yang tertutupi lumpur. Diam-diam sangat kuat, dan begitu berharga. Ada pula orang di sebelahku ini. Sersan kami. ... kenapa kau bisa ada di sini, di sebelahku, Don? Aku menarik napas dalam-dalam, menahan perasaan ini agar tidak membuncah keluar. Aku harus tegar. Aku harus bisa menjadi kuat, sama seperti mereka. Sama seperti Sersan. \"Jadi, kurang lebih bunyinya itu seperti ini; ... Ingatlah, ketika Allah memperlihatkan mereka di dalam mimpimu dengan jumlah sedikit. Dan sekiranya Allah memperlihatkan mereka dengan jumlah banyak tentu kamu akan menjadi gentar dan tentu kamu akan berbantah-bantahan dalam urusan itu, tetapi Allah telah menyelamatkanmu. Sungguh, Allah Maha Mengetahui apa yang ada di dalam hatimu.\" Sersan mengakhiri kata-katanya dengan senyuman khasnya. Sedangkan aku hanya terdiam memandangnya. Di ketenangan yang masih tetap menemani, aku mendengar suara tawa dari belakang kami. Itu adalah suara Grady. Tawanya khas. Dan aku rasa sersan juga menyadari hal itu, karena aku mendapati senyumannya semakin lebar, dan dia berdecak seolah tidak percaya. Aku mendengarnya bergumam pelan pada dirinya sendiri, \"Ya Ampun, kenapa mereka belum tidur juga.\" \"Itu,\" aku pun memberanikan diri untuk bersuara, dan aku nyaris tercekat. Entah kenapa aku merasa perlahan udara seolah menekanku dari dalam, tapi aku tetap berusaha untuk bersikap seperti biasa. \"Surat apa, pak?\" Sersan bersenandung pelan, dan menatap ke kejauhan kembali sebelum akhirnya kembali menatapku dengan lembut hingga mampu membuatku ingin menangis jika aku tidak dengan cepat mengendalikan diri. Dia terdiam cukup lama hanya untuk memperhatikan rautku, sampai aku jadi bertanya-tanya kira-kira apa yang dia lihat di wajahku? \"Al Anfal, ayat empat puluh tiga. Dari Alquran yang ditemukan ketika kami sedang dalam perjalanan menuju ke sini. Boyd yang memungutnya, sih, lebih tepatnya.\" Jawabnya dengan hembusan napas, seolah terlihat lega entah karena alasan apa. Kemudian dia mengangguk pada dirinya sendiri. Dan itu adalah kebiasaannya ketika dia merasa puas dengan hasil kerjanya sendiri. Hanya butuh seharian bersamanya saja, maka setiap ciri khas yang dia punya akan dengan cepat aku hapalkan. Dan ini sebenarnya sangat membuatku takut. Aku membuang muka, dan menghembuskan napas keras. Paru-paruku semakin terasa sempit dalam hitungan waktu saja, dan napasku jadi terasa seperti tercekat. Aku bisa merasakan jantungku berdetak semakin cepat. Ini adalah serangan panik, aku sadar akan hal itu. Tapi, sersan belum mengetahui tentang hal ini, jadi aku harus tetap tenang. Dia tidak perlu sampai tahu. Untuk bertemu dengannya saja sudah seberat ini... \"Hei, nak,\" aku berpaling kembali kepadanya ketika mendengar panggilan itu, dan terkejut ketika melihat dia menangis tanpa memandangku. Air mata langsung menetes begitu saja, dan dia tetap menancapkan pandangannya ke langit di atas. Melihat hal itu, aku bisa merasakan jantungku berhenti berdetak walau hanya sebentar, dan tubuhku membeku. Seluruh sistemku berhenti dan bekerja pada waktu yang bersamaan, dan aku tidak tahu apa yang harus aku lakukan. Aku hanya tertegun menatapnya, tidak berani mengatakan apa-apa. Dan seolah dunia mengerti, semuanya menjadi diam. Tidak ada suara, tidak ada angin. Tidak ada apa-apa. \"Ya, pak?\" sahutku setelah jeda agak lama. \"Kalau begitu... Kami. Aku, dan yang lain ini, apa, menurutmu sekarang?\" tanyanya. Lambat-lambat ia menoleh ke arahku, dan cukup sedetik saja bagitu untuk menatapnya dengan keadaan seperti itu sebelum akhirnya aku kembali memalingkan wajahku ke bawah lagi. Aku belum pernah melihatnya menangis. Dan kenapa dia memutuskan untuk melakukannya, sekarang, di hadapanku? \"Anda—\" aku menelan ludah dengan susah payah, \"—kalian... berbeda. Kalian tidak membuatku takut.\" Ujarku, seraya merutuki diri sendiri ketika mendengar suaraku sendiri yang terdengar goyah. Sersan diam aja. Tapi aku melihatnya, walaupun agak buram karena mataku tiba-tiba terasa panas, mengangguk sekilas, lewat ekor mataku. Setelah itu, tidak ada lagi interaksi antara kami berdua. Dia bangkit dari duduknya dengan hati-hati, dan membersihkan belakang celananya dari debu dan kotoran. Sementara aku tetap dalam posisi dudukku. Aku tidak mencegahnya ketika dia perlahan pergi meninggalkanku, menuju arah dia datang tadi. Aku juga tidak mengatakan apa-apa lagi sebagai salam perpisahan. Bau sengatan matahari darinya itu perlahan menjauh, dan yang tersisa hanyalah bau sisa kopi dari gelas yang ditinggalkannya, tergeletak tak jauh dari sampingku. Kemudian, dengan perlahan, aku membiarkan pertahananku runtuh. Aku bisa merasakan air mata mengalir jatuh dari kedua mataku, dan sekali lagi, aku memutuskan untuk menunduk saja. Semua perasaan yang kutahan sedari tadi, perlahan menghajarku habis-habisan seperti ombak pada batu karang. Aku menangis dalam diam, mati-matian menahan senggukan sampai aku yakin, semua pemandangan gurun Afrika itu kembali berubah menjadi kamarku yang biasa, dan bukit yang kududuki kembali menjadi lembut dan empuk kembali—menjadi tempat tidurku lagi. Langit malan penuh bintang hanyalah langit-langit kamarku yang polos dan monoton. Aku menangis hingga akhirnya aku tidak sanggup lagi untuk menahan erangan sakit karena sulit bernapas. Dari sudut mataku yang buram, aku bisa melihat sekilas pisau yang baru beberapa menit yang lalu aku acung-acungkan ke udara hampa karena mimpi yang kuceritakan pada sosok sersan dalam mimpi keduaku. Namun, bahkan dalam keadaan sadar sekalipun, aku masih bisa mendengar suara deru tank itu. Fury. Kendaraan, sekaligus rumah kami untuk bertempur di medan perang. Bau yang ada di dalamnya, dan bagaimana kami menjalankan tugas kami sebagai prajurit ketika sudah berada di dalamnya... hanya butuh seharian berada di dalamnya saja untuk bisa mengingatnya hingga aku mati nanti, menyusul mereka... teman-temanku. Menyusul sersan, dan yang lainnya. Ya, suatu saat nanti. Pasti. THE END A/N: Mimpi Norman tentang kepala itu adalah mimpiku dari beberapa hari yang lalu. Dan dalam keadaan takut, aku mencari Alquran karena aku tidak tahu harus melakukan apa, berhubung sekarang aku hanya tinggal sendiri, jauh dari rumah. Kemudian, saat aku membuka Alquran itu, surat Al Anfal ayat 43 itu lah yang pertama kali menyambutku. Aku pun kembali bisa mengendalikan diri, dan syukurnya bisa kembali tidur lagi. ","Summary":" Aku bisa menciumnya. Bau khas itu. Bau terbakar matahari, katanya. Bau yang familiar, yang hanya me"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"All Is Fair","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12447347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I Don't Own Fury. ~ All Is Fair ~ He didn't know her for that long. Only spent a couple hours in her presence. But for the few moments that he had known her, she was amazing. Not only did she have a beautiful face with pretty features, but she'd also had a wonderful singing voice as well. She could sing like a song bird, carefully stringing out every note with grace and ease. Her hair was shiny and soft. Almost as soft as her lips were. The few minutes he spent kissing her were the best of his life. The feeling of having her lips against his while he entangled his hands in her hair was like a few moments of Heaven on earth. The one place he never thought he'd find himself in a war. Or even after the war, for that matter. Being able to come out of a war alive would be a miracle enough, but being able to come out unscarred would be unheard of. He found out the hard way that being a part of Fury's team was no walk in the park. It was more like a bloodbath . And being able to find a few minutes, or even a few seconds of solace with her was just what he needed in a time like this. Yet here he was, hardly an hour or so later after meeting such an angel, staring down at her dead body. The bomb had managed to crumble nearly the entire building she was in, which she unfortunately happened to be inside at the time the bomb dropped. It was all so loud...and happened so fast...that he barely had time to react. He and the Fury's crew managed to seek cover just in time. And although it wasn't him that was lying dead on the ground, he wished that it was. The last person he wanted to see hurt was her. He gently lifted up her head, and caressed it in his hands. Why did war have to be so cruel? Was fighting even necessary to solve problems that people didn't wish to work out verbally? It all seemed so pointless. There was no reason to take a life as precious as the young lady in his arms. She didn't deserve to die. She deserved so much more than that. She deserved living well into her later years and possibly having a husband and family of her own someday. He carefully lifted her body up to face him, and cried into her chest. He wished he could've done something to prevent it. Something to stop it from ever happening. He could've told her to come outside with him. Could've done... something . He supposed it was better this way, though... At least it was a quick death. She didn't suffer like some other soldiers he had seen. She wasn't shot ten times in the chest. She wasn't set on fire and left to burn to death. And she wasn't run over by a tank. And for that, he was thankful. He supposed she was in a better place now. Away from the chaos and destruction that the war ensued. Or so, that's what people always said. That all young souls go to Heaven. That the good die young. And she was good. But she shouldn't have died young. Though now that he thought about it, people said a lot of things. \"all is fair\" they say. In love, and war. He'd like to slap whoever was the bright person that thought that up. War was one of the least fair, and most unnecessary courses of action to take on earth. Why would one say it was fair? Did they justify every death, every killing of innocent souls by telling this to their soldiers? Were they aware of how awfully it affected the few soldiers that survived the bullets and bombs sent their way? If they really knew any better, they would never say 'all is fair'. Not when it concerned love, and especially not when it concerned war. He gently rested her lifeless body on the hard bricks underneath her, and kissed her forehead one last time. All is fair, they say... Love, and war. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I Don't Own Fury. ~ All Is Fair ~ He didn't know her for that long. Only spent a couple"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Mechanical","Author":"ThomE.Gemcity-06","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11311560","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Fury, its characters of plot. Author's/Note: Contains spoilers for the ending of the movie. ~ He was alone. They were gone and he was alone... ~ Mechanical Norman didn't know what woke him, but he did with a start. It didn't take him a minute to remember - where he was or what had happened. He only wished that it had. His body was stuffed in the shallow hole that the mine at the crossroads had left, that had blown the Fury's track. It was almost ironic in a sick and twisted way, that it was he who was laying in the makeshift grave that had undone them, when he was the only one left alive. He was the only... one. \"No.\" Tear's stung his eyes as he pulled himself out from the ground and crawled back to the hatch at the underside of the tank. It had been his survival, and now he dragged himself back inside. To the place that had both been his hell and become his home - and what he was always sure was going to be his grave. It was their grave, after all. He still wasn't used to the smell. He hadn't been around long enough, stayed in the same place long enough, for the aroma of death to truly stay with him - to burn his nose and coat the back of his throat. But that had changed. Last night had changed him. He'd been safe, safe in the tank surrounded by the other men, their sweat and unwashed bodies, and their fear, filling the enclosed space just like his own. That was gone now, the comradely, the brotherhood that he had just started to form with them. It vanished in an instant, leaving an unmask-able imprint on him. But here, no… their bodies crowding the space, even now. He could almost imagine them asleep - maybe before, back at the start, when he'd been untouched, naive, he might have been able - if it weren't for the blood - if it weren't for him knowing. Swallowing convulsively, he made himself climb past Gordo and climb over Grady, Bible at his side as he crumpled in front of Collier. The man was in the same position that Norman had last seen him before the Germans' threw a couple of grenades down the hatch. Those Nazi bastards! A sob clawed its way from Norman's chest, around his heart, and caught in the back of his throat as he looked at the man that had promised to get him out of this alive. A promise that he had kept, even in his own death. He wasn't called Wardaddy for nothing. He had ruled this place, this tank. He'd made Norman into a man - made him into a machine. Collapsed on his knees, Norman reached out with a shaky hand. He sucked in a sharp breath as his fingers grazed across the man's uninjured cheek, the one that had faced away from the explosion. He expected it to be cold, the chill of death overtaking the man - instead, somehow, there was a lingering warmth even now after all this time. Norman's breath caught. Could- Was it somehow possible? \"Wardaddy?\" But of course there was no answer. The man was dead. Even if he had survived the bullet wounds, which wasn't a likely thing, there was no way that he could have lived through the double assault done in by the two grenades that had detonated right by his side. The sob finally broke through and the tear tracks ran hotly down Norman's numb and dirty cheeks. \"Why?\" He cried, bowing his head, his forehead pressed against the Collier's strong shoulder. Even in death, the man still supported him. \"Why did you leave me? I'm so scared. I don't want to be alone.\" \" I know, son. I know. \" Norman choked, crying against the dead man until the physical manifestation of his sorrow and fear dried on his cheeks. Sniffing hard, he pulled back. The gun at his knee caught his attention. Sergeant's weapon. He slowly picked it up. It was cold against his sweaty palm - it was cold like Collier should be - it was cold like he was starting to be on the instead. Instead of making him shudder, it filled him with reassurance. This mechanical cold - it felt right. Norman started as he heard a noise outside the tank - as he heard the voices . His grip on the weapon tightened in response. They were back! They'd come back for him! \" Eyes forward, I'm going to get you out of here alive.\" Norman took a deep breath as top's voice flowed over him like a reassuring arm around his shoulders, pulling him close - and shifted from the man as he heard the bastards climbing up top the Fury. He cocked the weapon and aimed it at the hatch above. His arm - his aim - his resolve - was steady - still - mechanical. They called him a hero, but it was Collier who was the real hero. He was Norman. They were gone. He was alone. He had to survive. He was... Machine. f I have a vague impression of wanting to do a Norman/Collier fic, but I don't think I'll ever do it, I just really trying to get out the Chronicles of Nick fic that I promised. y ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Fury, its characters of plot. Author's/Note: Contains spoilers for the endi"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Little Talks","Author":"KenzieStephens","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11081819","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't let Bible's youth fool you. Don may have been through four gruesome wars, but Bible had been by his side for at least three of them. He had been with Wardaddy and Fury longer than an y of their current company. And upon knowing what it was like now, it went unquestioned that those two had been through some unspeakable things together. So, the other crew men had come to a quiet understanding that there were just some things the senior members shared that none of them could ever be a part of. Gordo ignored the forlorn look that seeped into Wardaddy's hard expression whenever Bible offered prayers to his fellow men. Grady never commented on the tense lingering touches exchanged in attempt at comfort. And even Reddings simply hadn't acknowledged the terse body language each got when the other was outside observation range for too long. But not Norman. It was risky in their occupation to really allow this behavior; Grady had to accept it as a biblical miracle when Norman hadn't taken the risk to bring this up in front of the two men in question. \"Hey...uh, Coon-ass?\" Norman called from his position in front. He and the loader were the tank's only occupants at the moment. The others were milling about base while they had stayed behind to do some much needed wipe downs of their respective stations. \"Hm.\" Grady grunted. Norman figured this was the best he was going to receive and continued in his tentative inquiry, \"A-about Boyd...and, uh, Don?\" He heard a soft clunk from above, \"Isn't that, er, are they...\" Norman tried to force the rest out, but that was all he could manage. It was enough for Grady to get the hint though. The older man maneuvered himself to be better heard, this was something the kid needed to keep in mind, \"Best keep it to yerself, boy. That kinda life ain't too accepted 'round here, despite how common, especially with that man's devotion.\" Norman took a moment to consider which of the men he was speaking of and to who they were devoted, but it seemed obvious he was referencing the reason behind Bible's namesake. \"Well, that's the thing. It's not fair—\" at that Grady snorted, \"—they shouldn't have to hide it. At least not with us, not in here, if they have to everywhere else.\" Norman had stopped scrubbing the grease from wall and blushed in realization, \"I-I mean not like—I don't know what I'm saying—if you're against that sort of—\" \"Christ, will you shut up!\" Grady's boot connected unmercifully with Norman's head, \"Wouldn't do no good. They conflicted 'bout it themselves.\" \"Oh.\" And the tank was blessedly silent. For thirty seconds. \"Don't you think we should let 'em know we think it's okay? Maybe it'll make it more okay for themselves? I've never thought it was sinful or anything—\" Grady raised his boot to reinforce its wrath until Norman gave a small chuckle, \"I had this dog that was always being chased by the neighbors' terrier, Bud. Heh, took us two months wondering where the pups were at to realize that our Missy was a Mister.\" There was silence then it was filled with Grady's howl of laughter, \"Oh man, your dog was a—!\" He was cut short by the main hatch swinging open and Wardaddy sliding down inside. He shot Grady a weird look and reached his arms back up through the open port. Norman had thought he was going to lower the lid when another body began to lower itself inside with the aid of Wardaddy. Once he (Norman had now recognized Bible) had righted himself in his place next to Norman's head, Bible smiled at his companion and picked up his book of choice. Norman glanced expectantly between the two newly arrived men; their legs messily crossed over one another's in the cramped space, Wardaddy's fond eyes subtly watching Bible read and Bible blushing into his psalms as though he had noticed, Wardaddy's hand casually resting next to Bible's as though he were going to move to hold it but had thought better of it. Norman opened his mouth to practice what he preached when someone beat him to it. \"Oh, get a room!\" Norman hadn't even noticed Gordo getting in next to him, but when he looked over, Gordo was smiling teasingly. \"Shut it.\" Wardaddy barked back, but Norman happily noted his hand had somehow found itself laced with Bible's. ","Summary":" Don't let Bible's youth fool you. Don may have been through four gruesome wars, but Bible had been "},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Now and Then: Freshman Year","Author":"Riley-Mae Nyxinn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1664105","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 01-Questionable Actions \"I really don't understand exactly why you like him Roberta.\" Teenyncomplained. Teeny and Samantha nodded with approval. \"He's a Wormer. We'venhated the Wormer's since I can't remember. I only give them credit forngiving me the idea of pudding filled water balloons for my breasts.\" Roberta shook her head. \"We're in high school now. I say the only sign we have of childhood is thisntree house.\" Samantha said looking around at the tree house they still had.nThey were all sitting inside trying to argue Roberta out of going on a datenwith Scott Wormer. He had asked Roberta out on a date one week into thenschool year. \"There really is nothing wrong with him.\" Roberta said. Chrissy started to remember the image of her eating a Twinkie on thenasphalt in front of Roberta's garage as Scott Wormer actually actednpolitely to them for the first time. He even bowed down to them! Then henwalked away with a sort of smirk on his face leaving Roberta in ansuspicious position about her relationship with Scott Wormer with hernfriends ever since then. Ever since then he's always been nice to the girls despite the fact thatnhis brothers thought he was a freak. He acted like he didn't care and hensmiled a lot to Roberta who smiled back almost every time except when theyngave her the eye. \"He just wants to bring me on a date, all right? It's nothing big. We'rennot even together.\" Roberta replied as her best friends looked at hernsuspiciously. It was the same look they've been giving her for 2 years.nRoberta quickly remembered how she never told them about how she kissed himnthat night. And she didn't plan on telling them any time soon. \"I say even though it is Scott Wormer and I totally object to ever likingnhim we should give Roberta a chance with him. I always felt sympathy fornthose in love.\" Teeny said in a movie star way her eyes twinkling. \"I'm NOT in love with him.\" Roberta said confidently. \"That's questionable.\" Samantha said. \"Yeah. He doesn't even signal everyone to move in when you play softballnwith them anymore.\" Chrissy reminded her friend. \"Go eat a cow.\" Roberta spat back. \"Shut up Roberta!\" Chrissy said her eyes narrowing. Teeny and Samantha giggled. ~~~***~~~ Roberta slammed her locker door holding a card and a rose in her hand. Itnwas a beautiful, fresh, red rose and she felt a little odd holding. Shenunzipped her bag and stuffed it in not knowing exactly why students passingnby were looking at her oddly. She opened the card and read: Roberta, Meet me at the Hard Rock Café at 8:00 PM for dinner. After, I'll take younsomewhere special. I hope you'll come. I'm looking forward to our date. SW \"What's that?\" Teeny asked Roberta as she came up from behind. \"Ah!\" Roberta squealed. \"Don't do that!\" Teeny giggled. \"Sorry. Let me see.\" \"No. I won't let you.\" Roberta said putting it behind her back. \"Come on! Why not?\" Teeny begged helplessly. \"You'll laugh.\" Roberta said plainly. \"No I won't. I promise.\" Teeny said holding up crossed fingers. \"Ha. Ha. Very funny.\" Roberta said handing her the card. Teeny opened itnand read it quickly. \"How sweet! I think I'll pay a visit to the Café tonight.\" Teeny saidnsmiling. \"I hate you Teeny.\" Roberta said putting the card into her backpack. \"I know.\" Teeny snickered. \"Look.\" Roberta turned around to see ScottnWormer walking down the hall with his friends. Because his brothers werenyounger than him they weren't at Shelby High School so he found a new groupnof friends to hang out with. But, at the moment he was unaccompanied andnall the girls in the hall started to whisper as he passed. Roberta's heartnstarted pumping rapidly and she suddenly felt nervous and unable to looknaway. \"Hey Roberta.\" Scott said as he stopped in front of her. \"He- hey.\" Roberta said nervously. Teeny giggled uncontrollably.[Chapter 2] 02-Forgive and Forget Smack! Roberta punched Scott in the face no sooner had his lips left hers. Teeny squealed behind her and there were \"Oh\"s and \"Ah\"s heard down thenhall. \"What was that for?!\" Scott questioned aloud for everyone to hear. \"Why did you kiss me?!\" Roberta answered laying out her own question. \"Youncould have had asked first!\" There were various statements whispered throughout the hall such as \"Whynwould he ask first?!\" and \"It's Scott Wormer! Who needs asking?!\" \"I don't know. Was I supposed to ask?\" Scott said his eyes widening and hisntone of voice dropping. \"YES SCOTT! I'm not a little tramp like other girls! I'm lucky enough younhaven't kissed anyone else! Don't take me as a girl who just lets guys kissnher without asking! I'm not a little slut!\" Roberta screamed. Shenreadjusted her bag on her back and turned around to Teeny. \"Bye.\" Shenwalked down the hall not saying a word and not caring about the peoplenlooking at her and whispering about her right in her face. \"I don't get it. Why do I have to ask?\" Scott asked Teeny back at Roberta'snlocker not remembering the night at Roberta's house when he actually didnask. But, she did threaten him about not telling anyone. \"You need to understand her Scott. She's not like normal girls. Roberta'snher own person and no matter what people say about her she'll never change.nNot even you could change her.\" And with that Teeny walked away afternRoberta feeling very proud about what she just said. \"I can definitely makenit in the show-biz.\" ~~~***~~~ Roberta sat nervously next to Chrissy in her Biology class. She was temptednto look to her left where Scott Wormer sat with his friend Josh Richmondnbut she didn't even budge. \"I'm better than that. You don't need him.\" She told herself confidently. Suddenly a piece of folded paper was tossed on the desk in front of her.nShe finally turned to her left to find that Scott wasn't looking at her.nBut, she knew it was from him. She turned to her right to Chrissy who wasnshaking her head with disapproval but she picked up the note anyways andnunfolded it. Chrissy gave an annoying grunt and put her attention back tonMs. Turner who was now giving the class a long talk about salamanders. ~I hope you're not mad at me. I really didn't know that you wanted me tonask if it was okay to kiss you.~ It was Scott. Roberta knew the instant she saw his scribbly writing. Shenthought for a while if she should even write back and decided that shenwould. Then she thought what she would say back. She didn't want to makenhim feel low but wanted him to recognize his mistake. Finally she thoughtnof something that would make her decision easy for him to understand. Shenpicked up her pen and started writing on the paper. ~I'm not really mad at you, Scott. I just thought that you knew that Inwasn't like other girls. Like I said in the hall. Plus, we're not evenntogether.~ She folded up the piece of paper and threw it back at him while Ms. Turnernwrote notes about salamanders on the whiteboard. It didn't take long for Scott to reply back. ~Well, I hope you know that I'm sorry. I hope you're still going to thenCafé tonight. ~ When Roberta read that she didn't know what to do. Moreover she had totallynforgotten about the Café. She knew she still wanted to go but wasn't surenif it was the right choice to make; especially right after he had kissednher. But, she knew he was sorry and remembered that she didn't want to makenhim feel low. And not going on this date with him would definitely make himnfeel low. So, she decided she should go with him tonight. \"Just don't sit on the same side of the booth at the Café.\" Robertanpromised herself. ~I'm still going. I'll meet you there at 8:00 like you said in the card. ~ After he read the note Roberta saw from the corner of her eye that he wasnpicking up his pen to write back with. But then ring! The bell for 2ndnperiod rang and Roberta was actually happy that her next class wasn't withnScott. But, she did worry about Teeny smiling at her all through Algebra I. Scott stuffed the note into his binder and headed out the door afternRoberta. Their shoulders met as they both exited at the same time and theynturned to each other. They both smiled nervously and then walked into thenhall separate ways.[Chapter 3] 03-The First Date \"Please?!\" Teeny begged helplessly. Samantha rolled her eyes and Chrissy continued to devour her bag ofnDoritos. \"No, Teeny! I told you already. There is no way in hell!\" Roberta saidnstarting to get really annoyed. The whole way home Teeny begged and begged and begged. Roberta becamenthoroughly irate. ~~~***~~~ \"What is that stuff?\" Roberta asked Teeny as the midst of the hair spraynvanished in front of Roberta. \"Hair spray, Roberta. How clueless are you?\" Teeny questioned. \"Shut up, Teeny. I know more than you think I do, you know. I don'tnunderstand why exactly you're putting hair spray in my hair?\" Robertanasked. \"So, you're hair holds up. You don't think that you were going to impressnScott with your plain, straight, black hair, did you?\" Teeny asked,ncontinuing the endless list of questions. \"You already put in massive amounts of hair gel. And I obviously impressednhim enough without all this crap in my hair.\" Roberta shot back. Teeny ignored Roberta's remark. \"Done.\" She smiled. \"I don't even want to look.\" Roberta said crossing her arms across hernchest. \"Sam! Chrissy! Get in here!\" Roberta called out. Samantha and Chrissy made their way into the room. The moment they're eyesnlaid on Roberta they widened. Roberta led herself to believe that Teeny hadneither applied way too much mascara or that her hair had turned afro puff. \"Whoa! You better take a look in the mirror, Roberta.\" Samantha said, eyesnstill bulging. Chrissy just shook her head in surprise. Roberta couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't believe that she looked atnany point what anyone would call beautiful.until she looked into thenmirror. She was wearing a white, round-collared blouse that blended in once itndropped down to a plaid mini-skirt Teeny had her wear. She regretted evennputting on the skirt earlier but now she agreed with Teeny that it didn'tnlook as sluttish as she thought. She had on a silver chain bracelet thatnChrissy gave her on her 12th birthday and a silver heart locket where shenkept her mom's picture. She decided that the plain white shoes she worendidn't clash with anything and that Samantha's red sweater made it allncomplete. And what Teeny had done to her hair wasn't as bad as she thoughtnit was. Teeny had curled selected top layers of Roberta's hair and flarednout the bottom of all else. It looked, for lack of better words, beautiful. \"Oh.my.gosh!\" Roberta squealed. \"You like?\" Teeny asked smiling in spite of herself. \"It looks great, Teeny. Thanks.\" Roberta said looking at her friend. \"I knew you would never deny my genius.\" Teeny bragged. Roberta, Chrissy, and Samantha smiled. \"Now we have to get going. It's already 7:30.\" Teeny said. They all grabbed their coats and started walking towards the Café. Thenwhole way there Teeny lectured on how to act, what to say, when to talk,nand when not to talk. Samantha warned about it being some kind of a Wormernrevenge date and Chrissy reminded Roberta about never kissing on the firstndate. \"You guys, I'll be fine.\" Roberta finally said. \"Sorry.\" They all said. \"Look, there he is.\" Samantha said, her eyes looking towards the front ofnthe Café. Roberta turned and saw Scott Wormer standing in front of the Café.nImmediately her heart started to beat uncontrollably and she felt her facenturn hot. \"I th-think I'm too dressed up.\" Roberta said, starting to freak out. \"Lame excuse of the century, Roberta. You're going over there.\" Teeny saidnstarting to back away from Roberta. Roberta opened her mouth to say something but Teeny interrupted her. \"No. You have to go Roberta. Look at him. He's waiting for you.\" Teeny saidnand she looked at Samantha and Chrissy. They both looked at her and nodded.n\"Scott!\" Teeny shouted out towards the Café. They ran. Roberta freaked and turned around to see Scott looking right at her. Henwaved at her and she waved back nervously. She felt someone push her fromnbehind. As she turned around she saw Samantha running off. She turned backnaround and walked towards the Café. \"Hi Roberta. You look gorgeous.\" Scott said. The words sounded a little odd coming out of his mouth yet they soundednsweet at the same time. \"Hi. Thanks. You look.\" she hesitated. \".good.\" \"Thanks. This is for you.\" And he pulled a red rose out from behind him. \"It's beautiful. I love red roses.\" Roberta said holding it delicatelynclose to her, smiling. \"I'm glad I could make you smile.\" They were silent. \"Uh, let's go inside.\"nHe suggested and he opened the door for her to walk into. ~~~***~~~ Roberta took a sip from her root beer float. For the past 45 minutes theynhad eaten their dinner and talked about the unbelievable. Roberta knewnChrissy, Teeny, and Samantha would never believe her. Turned out that Scottnliked to read science fiction just like Samantha and he secretly likednromantic films just like Teeny. They reminisced about when they used tonhate each other and the day Scott and his brothers ran around naked. \"That was so embarrassing.\" Scott laughed. \"We couldn't stop laughing about that for a week.\" Roberta smiled. They both tried to calm down and then eventually caught their breaths. \"Roberta?\" Scott sounded a little serious and Roberta started to freak outnagain. I was just starting to get comfortable around you, Scott. She thought tonherself. \"Yeah.\" \"Remember.\" Scott started. Don't say it. \"Remember.the day we kissed?\" NO! \"Uh.yeah. I remember.\" Not taking into consideration the day's earlier events he leaned in.[Chapter 4] 04-(unnamed) \"Then?\" Chrissy waited anxiously for Roberta's response. \"He kissed me.\" Roberta said, cheeks rose red. Chrissy frowned. \"Ahh!!!\" Teeny screamed. \"How cute!\" \"Don't do that, Teeny.\" Roberta said. \"Do what?\" Roberta imitated Teeny's prissy-ness. \"Sorry. It's just really.wow!\" Teeny lost her words. \"Oh gosh.\" Samantha said and she buried her head into her book again. \"It felt kind of weird though.\" Roberta formed wrinkles on her forehead. \"Why? Did he have chapped lips? Did he try to put his tongue in your mouth?nDid his breath smell?\" Teeny asked question after question. \"No, Teeny. Will you calm down please?\" Roberta said, getting annoyednagain. Teeny calmed down still unable to stay in one spot. \"It just feltnweird. Like, it was so plain.\" \"How could it of had been plain? It was a kiss!\" Teeny said giving outnagain. \"I don't know.\" Roberta said letting herself drift into a mantle ofnthoughts. ~~~***~~~ Roberta got up at 7:00 Monday morning and sat in bed for a good 10 minutesnliked she'd done all weekend. She lay in her bed and thought endlessly ofnwhy she didn't react to Scott's kiss and why the kiss felt like it had nonmeaning. She wondered if she should even start a relationship with Scott.nMaybe it wouldn't turn out how she'd been imagining it to. Roberta took a deep breath and got dressed. She remembered that she hadn'tnfinished her Algebra 1 homework so she had to be quick getting ready. Shenthought to herself as she was getting ready. I'm such a freak. I always imagine myself to be someone that I'm not and Inalways compete against the person that I look at myself to be. It's notnever going to be like that. There's no point in trying to compete with whonI want to be anyways. Doesn't Scott like me for who I am and not someonenthat I imagine myself to be? Doesn't he like me for me? But, what if Scottnis just a mistake waiting to happen? What if I get with him I regretneverything that I have led myself to believe about a relationship withnScott? I'm so confused. Roberta led herself to believe that everything wasn't going picture perfectnanymore. She put her straight, plain, black hair into a low ponytail andngrabbed her bag. ~~~***~~~ \"Teeny! Roberta! Chrissy!\" Roberta, Teeny, and Chrissy turned around to find Samantha running towardsnthem from across the street. She ran across the courtyard towards themnholding a piece of paper in her hands. As she ran up the three steps to getnto the girls she tripped and people around laughed. She didn't care andnjust caught her breath before she got her words out. \"Look!\" Teeny said both, exhausted and excited. It was weird to see Teeny in such a hyper moon considering the fact thatnshe had her head buried in books lately. Roberta unfolded the paper and read: Dear Samantha, This is Natalie Harper writing from The New York Times. I am writingnregarding The New York Times Writing Inspiration for Young Adults. Younentered the competition 9 months ago sending in a 326 page, 22 chapter,nScience-Fiction story. I am pleased to inform you that you have won in the area of Science-Fictionnalong with a reward of $25,000! Congratulations! The New York Times has invited you, your parents, and 4 friends to come tonManhattan and stay at The Plaza for a 3-week stay from October 1-Octobern21. The flight will be paid for as well as the room accommodations. Younwill be staying at The Plaza's finest room: The Presidential Suite. The only possible way you can receive your award and the reward money is ifnyou send in the form containing all information with your parents'nsignature(s). The form must be sent along with your parents' signature(s)nby September 23rd. Samantha, you have a change at a full time job here in Manhattan with thenNew York Times. If you accept when/if you come down here you can be a booknreviewer for young adults in the Science-Fiction area. If turn down thisnoffer we will not be disappointed of course considering your location andnours. It would be a large change in your life-style. Congratulations again and we await your response by mail. With much congratulations, Natalie HarpernPresident of The New York Times Young Adults Office Roberta, Teeny, and Chrissy looked up at Samantha who was still breathingndeeply. Immediately she started throwing words out of her mouth. \"I didn't know until this morning when I found it on my drawer. I must havenhad missed it since we came home so late from the movies. It opened it andnread that and freaked out! Do you know what this means?! We're going to NewnYork! There is no way your parents won't let us go. You guys have to go!\" \"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down Sam.\" Teeny said patting her friend on thenshoulders. \"Aren't you guys happy for me?\" Samantha asked a little disappointed. \"Of course we are!\" Roberta said, not about to let Samantha get a wrongnimpression on how they felt about the situation. \"Then come with me to New York! My parents already said I could go. Theynsigned the form.\" Samantha said pulling out the form and showing it tonthem. They all just stared at her.[Chapter 5] 05-Never Left Behind After the that little scene in the courtyard of Shelby High School Samanthanhad walked away from her friends considering their wordless stares tondefine disloyalty and disbelief. They had all seen her in class becausenthey all had a class with one another at one point or another in the day.nBut, Samantha looked more concentrated on her work than normal. At lunchnshe was no where to be seen and when Roberta, Teeny, and Chrissy waited fornher after school they realized they had just wasted a whole half hour ofntheir lives. \"You guys think she's taking this too seriously? We really didn't saynanything. Literally.\" Teeny said, scared and shaky. \"That's the whole point. We didn't say anything. We should of thought aboutnhow Sam would have had reacted. She expects us to be there for her nonmatter where the world takes her. You know that she takes our friendshipnand trust more seriously than any of us do.\" Roberta said. Teeny played with her fingers nervously. She didn't want to loose Samantha.nShe knew how it felt and she never wanted that feeling to come back. \"So, are we just going to let her ignore us?\" Chrissy asked, sounding likenshe needed something to eat. \"I say we let her come to us. Not because she should bow down to us ornanything.\" Roberta started. \"Because that would make her feel worse.\" Teeny said making a point. \"Right. Just to let her have some time to think. Maybe she needs that.\" ~~~***~~~ Samantha sat at her desk reading and re-reading the letter she had receivednfrom Natalie Harper. She thought about it and thought even more about whynTeeny, Roberta, and Chrissy had reacted the way they did. She took intonconsideration the fact that maybe this information came too fast, too soon,nand way too unexpected. She never thought that maybe it would be hard onnthem if she did stay in New York. But, it wasn't like she was going to staynin New York. She just wanted to go for those three weeks. But, a lot cannhappen in three weeks and a person's mind can change only so fast. Who knewnwhat there was in New York for Samantha? There could be more there for hernthan she would have anywhere in Shelby, Indiana. \"I hate having to say sorry.\" Samantha said to herself. She knew that she had to say sorry to them because she had overreacted. \"Samantha.\" A soft voice called from behind her. Samantha turned around tonsee Angela, her younger sister at the door. She smiled. \"Hey, Angi.\" \"Are you going to go away Samantha?\" Angela asked. ~~~***~~~ The next day at school Roberta, Teeny, and Chrissy were all talking aboutnother approaches to how to deal with Samantha when suddenly she came andnsat down with them. \"Sam.\" Teeny started. \"It's okay Teeny. You don't have to apologize. It's my fault.\" Samanthansaid, her eyes looking down at her hands. Teeny felt like it was her duty to be the good friend and say something tonmake her feel better just for the heck of it. Just like in the movies. But,nshe held back, realizing that this wasn't the right moment. \"I'm sorry I walked away from you guys and ignored you yesterday. I nevernmeant to overreact. I just, supposed that maybe you guys didn't want me tongo or didn't want to go with me or even didn't want me to fulfill myndreams. I know how much you guys care about me and my writing and Inshouldn't of had acted how I did.\" Samantha knew that her words were dumbnand pathetic but at least she had said something. She felt relived that itnwas all out. \"You know we care about you and your writing, Sam.\" Teeny said. \"And we'rengoing to New York with you.\" Samantha remembered how awesome her friends were and looked up at themnunafraid and in disbelief. \"What?!\" \"Yeah. We asked our parents and all and they said it was no problem that wencould go.\" Roberta said. \"Amazing I got through with it. I thought my mom was about to burst andngive me another one or those sex plant lectures.\" Chrissy said her facenaskew. \"Why would she bring that up? It's completely opposite than going to NewnYork with friends.\" Roberta asked laughing. \"Don't know. She just does sometimes out of nowhere.\" Chrissy said. They all laughed at Chrissy as she gave them a sour expression. \"Thanks you guys.\" Samantha said. \"I don't think I'd be able to do itnwithout you.\" \"No problem.\" Roberta said. She and Chrissy got up and started walking tonclass. Teeny turned to Samantha and without saying anything they both held hands,ntheir bracelets touching in resemblance of an everlasting friendship. ","Summary":" 01-Questionable Actions \"I really don't understand exactly why you like him Roberta.\" Teenyncompl"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"The summer of 1972","Author":"1songglory","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7252454","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Last Day Of School The bell let out a long, loud ring signaling the end of class. 'Finally' Samantha silently thought to herself as she jumped out of seat and darted out the door to meet her best friends. By the time she had gotten to the bikes Roberta and Teeny were already waiting there for her. \"Hey Sam, did ya see Chrissy in the hallway on your way out?\" Roberta asked as she leaned on the bike rack. \"No sorry B, I didn't.\" \"What's taking her so long; we have to set up for the party.\" Teeny said fed up with waiting for Chrissy \"We can't have the party at her house without her, Teeny.\"Roberta said trying to calm her friend down \"Well if she's not here in five minutes were totally ditching her to set up for the party\" Teeny said obviously still fed up with Chrissy not being here. Then all of a sudden Chrissy appeared talking with a boy that none of the girls had seen before. Shocked the girls all look at each other then back at Chrissy. Suddenly the boy gets closer to Chrissy about to kiss her when Teeny hollers \"Get some Chrissy!\" Suddenly embarrassed the two go their separate ways both blushing. \"Woah, Chris who was that?\" Sam said still chuckling about what just happened. Chrissy continued getting redder as she explained that he was 'just the new kid'. \"On the Last day of school?\" Roberta asked as she cocked an eyebrow in Chrissy's direction. \"Well the principal asked me to show Sean around so he knew some people for next year.\" Chrissy explained to her friends while trying to stop blushing. \"So his name is sean\" Teeny said with a devilish grin and a twinkle in her eye \"he's gorgeous!\" \"I know …\" Chrissy said shyly Teeny, realizing how much Chrissy likes this boy says \"So is he coming to the party tonight?\" \"He said he should be able to come as long as it's ok with his parents.\" Chrissy said. \"That's great Chris but there won't be a party if we don't get going now.\" Roberta said as she got onto her bike. \"She's right guys\" Sam said as she started riding down the road as the others followed[Chapter 2] \"Roberta, truth or dare?\" Teeny asked as she sat up and watched everyone else work on decorating Chrissy's backyard. \"Truth\" Roberta said instinctively \"How big are your boobs now?\" She asked knowing this question always gets to her. \"Hell've alot bigger than your AA cups\" she replied with a big grin plastered on her face. \"Ahem, they are A cups, thank you very much.\" Teeny spat back. \"With or without tissues?\" Sam said. An uproar or laughter came from the other girls. All of a sudden the one and only Scott Wormer entered the yard holding a few records. \"Music anyone?\" he said gesturing towards the stack of records he's carrying. \"Scott... I mean um hey Scott…\" Roberta said as she emerged from Chrissy's house holding a bag of chips and wearing a sexy red v-neck. \"I like your shirt it really um brings out your...\" Scott barely spat out while looking at Roberta's new look. \"Eyes, hair, boobs…\" Roberta jokingly said \"All of the above\" he said as he grabbed his girlfriend and held her in his arms. Roberta was enjoying Scott's arms until all of a sudden she noticed her friends. She was furious when she noticed that Teeny and Sam were mimicking their every move. \"Go to hell.\" Roberta said flatly to her friends. \"Aw Sammy she wants us to be neighbors!\" Teeny said still mimicking Scott and Roberta. \"Common guys we still have to set up for the party.\" Chrissy said with her usual prissiness. \"Party pooper.\" Teeny said as she made her way to set up refreshments.[Chapter 3] The party began at exactly seven that night and their entire class was expected to be there. Most of them had already arrived. Chrissy immediately began panicking as usual because Sean hadn't shown up yet. Chrissy instinctively goes to her best friend who knows the most about guys, Teeny. Pulling her away from a group of boys she says \" Where is he?\" \"Chrissy, the party only started fifteen minutes ago. He'll be here, trust me.\" The blonde said comforting Chrissy \"But what if he doesn't?\" Chrissy said as she began panicking again. \"He likes you Chris, he'll be here.\" Teeny said as she put her arm around her friend \"Now please let me get back to my boys\" then sauntered away leaving Chrissy alone. Chrissy, giving up on waiting for Sean sat down on the swing and began to look at all of her friends having a great time. Teeny was off dancing with a bunch of boys, Sam was talking with Oliver, the only other SiFi fan in the entire school, and Roberta was up in the tree house doing who knows what with Scott. 'My life sucks' Chrissy silently thought to herself. Then suddenly, out of nowhere, she felt a small push from behind her. Out of fear she pulled out a small bottle of pepper spray and sprayed it in the unsuspecting person's eyes. \"God darnit!\" Sean screamed as he quickly rubbed his eyes Then Chrissy suddenly realized what she had done \"Oh my, I'm so sorry!\" \"It's, ah, fine I just need to rinse this stuff out of my eyes.\" \"Oh yeah sure this way.\" Chrissy said as she him into the house and straight to the kitchen sink. She turned the faucet on and then began to rinse the pepper spray from his eyes. Once she was done dying his face off she said \"You can open your eyes now.\" \"Great now I can see how beautiful you look.\" Sean said as Chrissy turned brighter then her hair. \"Um, thanks I guess…\" Then he began to inch closer and closer to her. Noticing this Chrissy stumbled back as he said \"Oh, I get it…\" \"No! I mean I really do like you Sean but I umm have never really kissed anyone before…\" Chrissy said shyly \"So do you wanna?\" Sean asked nervously as he looked down at his hands. \"If you want to.\" Chrissy said while twiddling with her fingers. At the exact same moment the both began getting closer to each other and right as they were a mere few inches away Sean whispered \"I really like you Chrissy\" and planted a kiss on her lips. After that the room went silent and then the two agreed to leave and made there way back to the party. ~Meanwhile~ Samantha is slow dancing with Oliver, both enjoying each other as company. Then out of nowhere Oliver breaks the silence with \"The Addams Family or Munsters\". She quickly answered back to his question with \"How can you even ask that it's obviously… \" \"The Addams Family.\" They both said in unison and smiled. Samantha then rested her head on Oliver's shoulders and let her do something she never let herself do… let a boy break down her walls. ~In the Tree house…~ \"That call was bull shit the ball was totally in!\" Scott said as he and Roberta were talking about yesterday's game. \"What are you on? It was totally a fowl ball!\" Roberta said defending her favorite team. \"Can we not talk about sports right now and go back to what we were doing before\" he said as he got closer to Roberta. \"Not until you admit that it was a fowl ball.\" She replied with a smirk on her face. \"Fine! The ump was right and the ball was a fowl. Happy?\" Scott said regretting every word of it. \"Very.\" She said as she began kissing him. ~In the backyard~ Teeny was dancing with a group of guys when she got the idea. \"Hey! Anyone up for a game of spin the bottle?\" After ten minutes of convincing everyone to play they finally started the game with Teeny spinning first. She spun it as hard as she could and it landed on none other then her best friend Samantha. Shocked Sam looks around her and when she looks back Teeny said \"Come here baby,\" with her most masculine voice. They all crack up as Sam crawls over to Teeny and they kiss each other's cheeks. \"Your turn Sammy.\" Teeny said as she hands Sam the bottle. Sam spins the bottle and it lands on Oliver, Oliver! The one boy she thought might actually be decent. While she is over thinking the situation he comes over to her and kisses her. As they break apart the crowd busts with hoots and hollers. They both blush insanely, and right as Oliver is about to spin Mrs. DeWitt halts the party with her rant about how late it was. Well the party is over so the girls say goodbye to everyone and head up to the tree house.[Chapter 4] Every year on the last day of school the girls have a tradition of having a sleepover together. This year will be the second year they had the sleepover in the tree house. The girls quickly climbed the ladder up to the tree house with excitement. \"I don't think I'm comfortable sleeping in the tree house.\" Teeny said out of the blue. \"What afraid your hair will frizz?\" Roberta said with a sly grin. \"No, just afraid of what Scott and Roberta were doing up here for the entire party\" she said looking at Roberta who's majorly blushing. \"Thanks Teeny, now I can't think of the tree house the same way ever again.\" Sam said making a repulsed face. Changing the subject Roberta said \"What's wrong Chrissy your being awfully quite.\" Noticing her friend was being quieter then usual. \"Bet its Sean\" Teeny said with a devilish grin. \"Chrissy, truth or dare?\" Sam said knowing this would get the secret out of her. \"Really you guys?\" Chrissy said fed up with all the questions. \"Yes, now answer\" Teeny demanded. \"Fine, fine. Truth.\" She said giving into her friends. \"What happened with you and Sean tonight?\" Sam asked. \"Well first I sprayed him with pepper spray\" a roar of laughter came from all the girls \"and then he kissed me\" Chrissy said looking away. \"Oh my god! Finally!\" Teeny shouted as she bear hugged her. \"Teeny shut up my mom could hear you!\" Chrissy said equally as load and covering her friends mouth. \"But it's your first kiss Chris; we have to be excited about it.\" Sam said with a matter of fact tone in her voice. \"And you're the last one of us to get their first kiss\" Roberta said agreeing with her friends. \"B, Truth or dare?\" Teeny asked. \"Truth, I guess.\" Roberta said plainly as she sipped her coke. \"What were you and Scott doing up here?\" she asked smiling, knowing this was going to be good. \"We were just…talking.\" Roberta answered getting uncomfortable with the conversation. \"Doubtful.\" Sam said knowing exactly what they were doing up here. \"Whatever.\" Roberta said fed up with the conversation. \"Truth or dare Roberta?\" Teeny asked again. \"Truth.\" Roberta said really not wanting to answer. Teeny then asked her friend the unthinkable \"Has Scott tounged you yet?\" with a smile on her face. \"Maybe…\" Sam and Teeny automatically look at each other, extremely excited that they just got a confession out of their friend. \"What was it like? Spill!\" Teeny practically shouted. \"It's …It's…weird but I kinda like it.\" Roberta said blushing with a small smile growing on her. \"Ok Sam, truth or dare?\" \"Dare.\" Sam said with a wide grin on her face. \"Ok…um ok I dare you to ask Oliver out.\" Roberta said with a smirk. Sam's face turned from confident to beyond panicked \"But…but…Roberta!\" \"Common Sammy we all know you're into him so why don't you do yourself a favor and ask him out already!\" Teeny said to her best friend. \"But…what if he says no!\" Sam practically begged. \"He wont.\" Chrissy said joining the conversation. \"Fine. But you guys owe me.\" She said giving into her friends.[Chapter 5] \"Just breathe Sam, just breathe.\" Sam silently encouraged herself as she was preparing to ask Oliver out, and she couldn't get out of this one. Finally ready she held her head high and walked to the park and saw Oliver who was silently sitting on a rock writing in a journal of some sort. Sam just stared at him for a while because he looked to peaceful to disturb and well she was obviously nervous; I mean this was her first MAJOR crush. Finally having the guts to talk to him she said \"Hi Oliver\" with an extremely awkward wave. \"Oh Hey Sam I was just thinking about you\" Oliver said putting away is small leather notebook in his back pocket and turning to Sam. \"Really! … I mean … Really?\" Sam half screamed excited that he was thinking of her, HER! \"Um … yeah I was wondering if you wanted to go see Rocky Horror with me tomorrow, but if you don't want to you don't have to\" Oliver said getting quieter and quieter throughout the sentence until he was mumbling out the last few words. \"Yea I'd love to!\" Sam said with great enthusiasm because A) The guy she likes just asked her out and B) She wouldn't have to ask Oliver out now C) She was dying to see Rocky Horror but her mom refused to take her. \"Great! So it's a date.\" Oliver said slowly getting closer to Sam with a smile plastered on his face. \"Yeah a date\" Sam said as she began getting closer to Oliver. \"Perfect!\" Oliver whispered into Sam's ear and turned around going back to the rock he was sitting on leaving Sam confused and alone. \"What the hell just happened\" Sam thought contemplating what had just happened. Then realizing she was gazing at him awkwardly she decided to go back to the tree house to tell all of her friends what just happened to her. Getting back to the tree house Sam was bombarded with questions galore. Then Sam proceeded to tell them the entire story. \"OH MY GOD!\" He almost kissed you? Sammy!\" Teeny shouted a little bit too loudly. \"Are you shitting me Sam?\" Roberta said not believing one word of what she was saying. \"Roberta watch your language! … so did it really happen?\" Chrissy said. \"Guys, Guys! Calm down! Yes Teeny he almost kissed me, No Roberta I'm not and yes Chris. Happy now?\" Sam said with a chuckle because she had only seen her friends act like this whenever they found out about Scott and Roberta. \"So you're seeing it tomorrow….\" Teeny ginned. \"Yeah … wait what are you planning?\" Sam said fearing the ideas going through her best friends head. \"How would you feel if we came with you? Roberta and Scott can go together, Chrissy can go with her boy toy Sean, I can bring Tony or someone, and you and Oliver can go!\" Teeny said. \"That isn't a half bad idea.\" Roberta said agreeing with Teeny for once. \"Really guys? Isn't Rocky Horror a bit inappropriate?\" Chrissy said with her usual prissy attitude. \"Shut up Chrissy it would be fun\" Teeny said trying to get all of her friends to support her idea. \"Yeah Chris.\" Roberta said agreeing with her friend. \"Fine but if I don't like it I'm leaving\" Chrissy said in defeat \"Fine by me but I think we should all give each other a little space to… you know.\" Teeny chipped in with a smile. \"Sounds like a GREAT idea to me\" Sam beamed. \"So are we all in?\" Roberta questioned. \"I'm in.\" Teeny piped in. \"I'm all for it\" Sam said. \"Chrissy…?\" Roberta began. \"Fine, Fine I'm in.\" Chrissy answered flatly in defeat. ** Author's note** Yes, yes I realize that Rocky Horror came out in 1974 not '72 but it seamed like a movie Sam would like so I couldn't pass it up. Should update soon Love ya! And Review! ","Summary":" Last Day Of School The bell let out a long, loud ring signaling the end of class. 'Finally' Samanth"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Life Changes&Revelations;","Author":"TheGrandDisciple","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10297705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This takes place in 1974. Four years after the movie takes place. It's the summer after their Sophomore year. This story is narrated by Samantha. \" I recall the summer of 1974 . Sophomore year of high school had ended and my favorite time of the year had began. Summer time. I remember this summer because it sparked another series of events that would further change my life and make me who I am now. It was the summer we met him. It started after school on the afternoon of May17,1974 after school when me, Chrissy, Teeny and Roberta got together at the diner for lunch and root beer floats.\" \"Hey Sam, how'd you do on your finals?\" Teeny asked. \"Please Teeny! We all know she passed with an A,\" Roberta jokingly snapped at Teeny. \"Yes. I passed with an A despite my low grade in Speech earlier this year,\" Sam replied slightly annoyed. \"I'm just surprised you were able to concentrate on everything after moving to the other side of the Gaslight Edition. I mean yes the area is the same but that is still a lot to adjust too isn't it?\" Chrissy asked. \"Didn't someone move in there already?\" Roberta asked. \"I haven't paid attention honestly. If someone moved in there then good for them. Another neighbor I won't notice,\" Sam replied with a slight irritation in her voice. \" Suddenly we saw a site that would change my opinion on many things forever. Not to mention would end up being the biggest test of mine and Teeny's friendship ever. \" A tall, skinny, young man with shaggy, dirty blond hair, who is wearing black work boots, blue jeans, a white shirt, a brown welding jacket and sunglasses came walking past the diner. The quartet looked at him with different expressions. Roberta looked at him not sure what to think. Chrissy looked at him somewhat confused and disgusted. Teeny had a huge smile on her face and was looking him up and down. Samantha looked at him with a blank expression yet one that showed she was noticeably in deep thought. As he walked by he stopped for a moment and looked at them through the window. Roberta and Chrissy both looked down at their drinks while Teeny stared flirtatiously at him and puffed out her chest while Sam just stared at him with her eyes wide and started to breath heavy. After a minute he continued on. \" I didn't realize it then but I was instantly attracted to a guy that I had never met. He was honestly the first guy I was attracted to. Despite every way I tried to ignore it and suppress it, it was inevitable. \" \"Hey Sam, isn't the guy who moved into your old house?\" Chrissy asked. \"I guess... I don't know,\" Samantha replied. \"Any idea what his name is?\" Roberta asked. \"I'll ask him,\" Teeny replied with a big cheesy smile. \"No I think I'll go talk to him...\"Samantha said to the surprise of the others. Even Chrissy. \" At that moment even I wasn't sure what the Hell I was thinking.\"[Chapter 2] A/N: The chapters will get longer. Some chapters will focus on just specific members of the group and our soon to be named young man. I am making up names for the other Wormer brother. If anyone knows their names, let me know I will change them accordingly ;) \" I had no idea what or why I was doing what I was doing. I didn't even realize I was doing it until I approached him and got his attention.\" \"Um... Hi. How are you?\" Samantha awkwardly greeted the young man. He looked at her through his sunglasses and grinned, \"Afternoon?\" He replied \"I'm... Samantha Albertson,\" She slowly greeted. \"I'm Drake Rivers. I've seen you 'round the Gaslight Edition. I just moved in,\" He replied. \"I know...You kind of... Well... Live in my old house,\" She said still at a loss for words. \"Really? Well then I'll make sure to take care of the place,\" He said with a grin. Meanwhile Inside the diner, Roberta, Teeny and Chrissy are all watching Samantha in shock and with interest. \"Oh my God! This is so unlike her. I'm not sure what to think,\" Roberta said. \"It's about time she shows interest in a guy if you ask me,\" Teeny replied. \"You'd think though, that she wouldn't be so impulsive to suddenly go talk to a guy she doesn't even know. Especially one who is so gross and dirty,\" Chrissy stated. \"Can I tell you guys a secret?\" Teeny asked. \"Sure... Yea\" The other two answered. \"Since he moved in, she has made it a point to get a look at him every day,\" Teeny said a devious grin, \"So have I,\" She added with quick raises of her eyebrows. \"No surprise there,\" Chrissy said unenthusiastically. \"Sam doesn't know it yet but, I've already planned to hook up with him by the end of the summer,\"Teeny informed them. \" I didn't know it then but Teeny's words and actions at that moment would kick start the storm that was to come. \" Back outside Samantha had finally relaxed and Drake had moved into the shade and leaned his back against the wall of the business they were standing in front of. \"So... Why were looking at us through the window of the diner?\"Samantha carefully asked. \"I was looking for my friends. They told me to meet them at the diner downtown at two-thirty. I looked in to see if they were in there and didn't see them. I could have had the wrong seeing as to how I'm still exploring this town and learning where everything is,\" He answered. \"Did you see us looking at you?\" She asked. \"Yea. You're blond friend made that very obvious,\" He replied with a chuckle \"Oh, sorry about her,\" She said with a chuckle, \"That's Teeny. She does that... a lot. Um... Would... Would you like to, come meet my friends and hang out?\"She asked nervously. \"That'd be cool. Yea I'll hang out and see if my friends show up,\" He replied. \"Who are your friends?I might be able to help you look for them,\" She offered. \"Scott and Adrian Wormer and their brothers,\" He replied. \" I suddenly felt like such an idiot. I not only didn't know this guy, he was friends with the boys who tormented us still. They started tormenting us again after Scott and Roberta broke up. Yet for some reason, I took the chance and brought Drake to meet my friends.\"[Chapter 3] In the diner Chrissy, Roberta and Teeny, who had been watching Samantha and Drake talk, were now sitting with their eye wide and Roberta and Chrissy's mouth's dropped open when they saw Samantha walk back into the diner with Drake right behind her. Teeny however unbuttoned the top two buttons to her shirt, perked out her chest again, showing off a little bit of cleavage, before Samantha and Drake got to the table. When they got there, Teeny moved over in the booth and Drake waited until she asked him to sit down at the end of the bench. He took off his sunglasses, revealing his brown-green eyes. Teeny leaned forward placing her chin onto her palm and stared at him with a flirtatious smile on her face, trying to make sure he could see her chest. He seemed not to notice as he looked at Roberta and Chrissy. Teeny scooted over a bit and said hi and introduced herself. \"That's Teeny right there in the blue shirt, Chrissy in the pink and Roberta in the plaid. Guys this is Drake who lives in my old house,\" Samantha introduced them. \"Roberta, your name sounds familiar,\" He said. \"You've probably heard my name at school,\" She said sounding uninterested while stirring her root beer float. \"I haven't been to school. I just moved here not even a month ago so since it was so close to summer I decided to just skip it,finish moving in and I'll start up school in the fall with everyone else,\" He explained. \"So what you just decided to blow it off?\" Chrissy asked. \"It's complicated alright,\" He snapped, \"As well as why I moved here.\" \"Sorry,\" Chrissy apologized. \"So how do you like Shelby so far?\" Roberta asked with a bit more interest. \"Not bad. I'm mostly moved in and made a few friends. Learning where everything is,\" He answered. \"You have a girlfriend?\" Teeny blurted out. \"God Teeny. Slow down,\" Roberta said annoyed. He chuckled and answered, \"I haven't had time to go into a relationship. There's a few lookers but I haven't really gotten to know anyone yet.\" \"We'll have to change that,\" Teeny said and raised her eyebrows. \" I couldn't believe it, but suddenly at that moment I was wanting to reach across the table and strangle my best friend. She was creating unnecessary competition for a guy neither of us knew. I had never been pissed over a guy before. I felt he was different somehow. \" \"Forgive her, she is the flirt of the group,\" Samantha began, \"I definitely understand not having the time for a lot. If the others don't mind, I'd be more than happy to let you hang out with us.\" Roberta and Chrissy looked at each other and smiled as they replied with, yes. Teeny was obviously up for the idea. \"I see no problems with that,\" Teeny blurted. \"Teeny, please cool it for just a few minutes please? Let him get used to us and the town before you keep trying to get with him?\" Samantha snapped. Roberta and Chrissy look at each other and then back at Samantha and Teeny. Teeny glared Samantha who was staring at her intensely. Teeny stood up in the booth, climbed over into the empty one behind them and stormed out of the diner. Roberta and Chrissy stared back at Samantha confused. Drake however sat uncomfortably, still trying to process what had just happened. Samantha sat back and looked down and around, as it set in what just happened. \"Where the hell did that come from Sam? Holy shit!\" Roberta asked while Chrissy hit her on the arm. \"That was very much not like you Sam. What's got into you?\" Chrissy asked. \"I... I don't know. That just suddenly got on my nerves and I couldn't help it,\" Samantha answered and turned to Drake, \"I'm sorry about that Drake. This is not what I had in mind when I wanted to introduce you to everyone,\" She apologized noticeably embarassed. \"Definitely more interesting than when I began hanging out with Scott and Adrian,\" Drake said somewhat sarcastically. Suddenly Roberta glared at him and Chrissy scooted away from Roberta with a look of surprise and disgust. \"You hang out with them?\" Chrissy asked with disgust. \"They greeted and helped me moved in. They even have me come over for dinner. They've been nothing but cool with me,\" He tried to explain. \"How could you bring this asshole in here and want him to make him a part of the group?\" Roberta shouted. \"Roberta I'm sorry! I didn't think it was such a big deal that he knows your ex-boyfriend,\" Samantha replied. Suddenly Drake looked over, \"That's why I recognized your name. You're Scott's ex-girlfriend. I've heard a lot about you...\" He started saying before being cut off by Roberta when she shouted, \"Like I give a shit! I don't want to hear any of it!\" Drake stood up and put his sunglasses back on. He looked at Samantha noticeably upset and hurt as a tear rolled down his cheek, \"I guess this was a mistake. I thought you were all were some of the coolest people I've met in a long time. Didn't think you were so judging based in the company I keep. No different than everywhere else I've been,\" He looked at Samantha and said, \"Maybe I'll see you 'round,\" He walked away and slammed the door open and stormed out onto and down the street. Roberta just looked out the window and said, \"Good, he can get the hell out of here.\" \"Happy summer,\" Chrissy said out loud and uncomfortably. \" At that moment, I was couldn't believe that I had put my best friend in her place and now the guy I was trying to befriend and get close to had just been ousted from my group and Roberta was pissed at me. That was not how I had planned to begin my summer. \"[Chapter 4] A/N: This chapter will be focused mostly on Drake. Many chapters will begin focusing on certain characters :) \"You didn't have to do that Roberta. Neither of you had to talk to him like that! He's not an enemy, just because of who he hangs out with,\" Samantha said. \"I'm sorry Sam,\"Chrissy said in a guilt filled tone. \"I just wanted to make him feel welcomed, not ousted because you think he has the wrong friends,\" Samantha said. \"You're not even acting like yourself. The way you went off at Teeny and just bringing him here all of a sudden. We were just kind of caught off guard. I mean, none of really know Drake at all and that was kind of shocking to find out that he's friends with Scott,\" Chrissy explained. \"I just don't see why it's a big deal,\" Samantha said. \"Because by bringing his friends around here, you might as well have just brought Scott in here that's why. If he hangs out with him, he's no different from them,\" Roberta shouted. Samantha just glared at Roberta and walked out of the diner. Chrissy looked over at Roberta, noticeably upset. Roberta glared back at her, daring her to say something. Chrissy looked down at her root beer float and just stirred it around some more. Not giving Roberta a second glance before Roberta muttered, \"shit,\" under her breath and left. \" I didn't know that that argument would cause yet another member of our group to do something uncharacteristic for her. When she went off to do that, I was still trying to make grips with what happened and wondered how long it would be before Teeny would talk to me again and if me and Roberta were no longer friends. That summer was going to suck. I could feel it. \" After leaving the diner, Drake went home. He opened the garage and brought out his welding equipment and project to the driveway. Before he could get his helmet on he heard someone say, \"Hey.\" He looked over and saw Scott Wormer. \"Heard about the diner. Look man I'm sorry, we were running late and couldn't get to a pay phone. I didn't know they were going to be at the same place we were going,\" Scott informed him. \"Who said something?\" Drake asked. \"Wiladene. She's the weird black magic lady I told you about who works at the diner. She saw everything happen. She told me what they said to you and how after you left, Samantha got mad and they all left,\"Scott told him. \"You didn't know and couldn't get a hold of me. It's just disappointing to me that I didn't know that girl I saw punch out the guy across the street and the red head with the tree house in her backyard don't like me because one of them is your ex girlfriend and you were the first friend I made,\" Drake said as he began to clean his welder. \"I'm sorry that happened man. I should have told you about that and the fact that it was a nasty break up. What I'm curious about, what Wiladene didn't tell me is, how did you end up in a position to talk to them?\" Scott asked. \"Because I looked in the window of the diner for you guys and they just happened to be there and see me. The really cute one with the black hair came outside to talk to me and offered to bring me inside and introduced me. One thing lead to another and I got pissed and left,\" Drake answered. \"That's Samantha. Wait a minute! She came to you and she talked to you ?\" Scott said in surprise. \"Yea. It seems like that's not one of her characteristics,\" Drake said with intrigue. \"You can say that. But look man, are we ok? Are we still friends?\" Scott asked. \"Yea we're all good. Just give me a heads up for anything else I might need to know,\" Drake said. They shook hands and Scott left for his house. Drake put on his welding mask and began working on his project. He spent what felt several hours welding the top half of his project. Praying it wouldn't fall on him. Suddenly he felt a tap on his knee. He finished the few inches he needed to weld and turned off the torch. When he looked down he saw a very nervous Chrissy. He looked at her taken aback and took off his welding helmet. He climbed off the table and looked at her with disbelief. She had just made it clear at the diner that just like Roberta, she also didn't seem to care for him. Yet here she was at his home looking like she wants to talk to him. He took off his gloves when he asked her, \"What can I do you for?\" \"I want to tell you that... That I'm sorry about the way I acted at the diner. I was wrong,\" she said. \"You don't have anything to apologize for. You asked a question. What do I have to be mad at you about?\" He replied. \"I'm glad that you're not angry with me ,\" She said, \"Samantha mentioned why she introduced you and also made the point that we weren't very fair to you. I don't know about Roberta but I'd like a second chance and get to know you. I can talk to Roberta and see what I can do to get her to come around. She is my best friend,\"Chrissy said. \"Honestly, I was hurt that I got judged like that. But I'm not mad at her honestly. I didn't know about the break up or even how bad it was. Just wish it didn't reflect on a guy who's only been here a month. I feel worse that Samantha got put in the position she was in,\" He replied. \"You really like her don't you?\" Chrissy asked. \"Come now, I don't even know her. But I would like to get to know her. All of you really. She seems really cool though. A little on her guard but really nice,\" He answered. Chrissy said nothing for a moment, then looked around, \"Well, my mom is having some people over for a get together this Saturday and said I could invite my friends over.\" \"Are you inviting me?\" He asked. \"Well...If you want to come and bring your parents... That would be cool,\"She replied. \"I'll give it a thought,\" He replied. \"Well I hope to see you there. Sam, Teeny and Roberta will be there, but I'll try and talk to them and let them know I invited you. I'll talk to them. So don't worry about that. I hope to see you on Saturday,\" She said. \"Like I said, I'll give it a thought. I make no promises,\" He said and shook Chrissy's hand. She left on her bike. When he turned around to go back to welding on his project when down the street he saw Samantha sitting on her roof writing in what appeared to be her journal. He stood and looked at her for a while longer until he saw her look his direction. He allowed himself to smile,put his helmet on and went back to working on his project. \" I remember sitting on my roof that same day as the incident at the diner and writing a letter to Roberta and Teeny. When I looked up and I saw Chrissy leaving, I saw Drake standing still and looking in the distance. My heart skipped a beat and then I wondered if he was even looking at me. I began to wonder, what thoughts were going through his mind and if I showed interest, would he show it too. At that moment I realized it was time to take the chance and open up to someone other than my friends. I didn't realize the storm that would follow. How I wish I did. \"[Chapter 5] \" After what happened earlier in the week, it made the rest of the week drag out. I didn't hear from Roberta or Teeny. Though when Chrissy came by and asked me to come to her house on Saturday with the rest of the group, I didn't think it would hurt to go. We'd gotten over other tiffs, why would this one be any different? Then Chrissy mentioned Drake would be there. My heart skipped but also sunk. I just felt the disaster coming for some reason.\" Samantha arrived through the gate into Chrissy's backyard with a plate of food and was immediately greeted by Chrissy's mom. She looked over by the tree house and saw Chrissy and Teeny. She took in a deep breath, exhaled and made her way over to them. She set down the plate and hugged Chrissy. She looked at Teeny, who looked away and then back at her and moments passed before either one of them spoke. \"Look Teeny, I'm really sorry about going off at you at the diner,\" Samantha said. \"No Sam, you were trying to introduce someone new, not hook me up with someone like you did all school year. Let's just forget about it huh?\" Teeny replied. They both just laughed and hugged. They were suddenly and surprisingly joined by Roberta who hugged them both. Enjoying the moment, Chrissy finally sat down. They all chuckled and sat down. \"Surprised you decided to come Roberta,\" Chrissy said. \"You're all the only friends I have. I can't stay mad at you guys,\" Roberta replied. Suddenly Chrissy smiled as she looked at the gate. The other three also stopped and looked in the direction of the gate. Drake came walking towards them with a small crate with sixteen bottles of coca cola and some other bags on top of it in arms. He came up to them and set down the crate and bags as he looked at the group and with strait face and said, \"A peace offering.\" \"Hi,\" Samantha said softly. \"How goes Samantha?\"he replied calmly. They just looked each other in the eye for a minute before Roberta chimed in. \"Look, I was wrong the other day at the diner. It's just that me and Scott broke up two weeks before you got here because he cheated on me. You had nothing to do with it. Just know, I do appreciate the gesture and that you showed up today. Chrissy told me she invited you and told me how we were wrong,\" Roberta said. \" It wasn't often that Roberta would admit something like that. But when she did, it took everything she had and she would only say it once. It was also the first and only time any of us saw her smile after admitting she was wrong. I knew that Roberta was serious, for a change, about making a new friend. \" A while later, Drake was grilling the food he brought and joined in on the conversation every so often. Once the food was done, they sat in the lawn chairs by the swings. They talked and got to know Drake a little bit more. The most they learned was that he was going into the same grade as they were and that he welded as a hobby but that mostly, he was a shut in because most folks didn't understand him or his views and beliefs. \"So where did you move here from?\" Samantha asked. \"I moved here from Indianapolis. I'm actually enjoying Shelby a lot more then I ever did there,\" he answered. \"So have you taken an interest in anybody?\" Teeny asked with raised eyebrows. Drake looked down with the brim of his hat covering his face and took a drink of his soda. From under the brim of his hat, he looked over at Samantha, who slightly blushed and looked away to take a drink of her soda. \"Well...\" Teeny asked impatiently. He slowly looked up and at Teeny with a very stern look, \"There is someone but right now I prefer to keep it to myself. I'm sorry,\" he answered. Teeny smiled as she got up to go get another soda. She looked back at Drake and then pushed up her bra line before she sat back down with her chest puffed out. \"How long have you been welding?\" Samantha asked to quickly change the subject. \"Since I was eight. I like to make large structures and figures. They express what and how I'm feeling. It calms me down,\" he answered. \"I've seen the one your working on. It's really cool,\" Samantha said. \"Can you teach me to weld?\" Roberta asked. Drake looked Roberta, slightly taken aback, \"Really? You really mean that?\" he asked Roberta looked back at him with a look that asked him if he was stupid, \"Yea. I'm interested in that kind of stuff. If you hadn't guessed I'm not a girly girl,\"she replied serious. \"In that case, come by some time,\"he replied as Roberta smiled back at him. \"What do you all do for fun?\" he asked the group to keep the subject changing. Roberta answered that she played sports. Teeny's answer was going on dates and acting. Chrissy's answer was gardening and Samantha's answer was, \"I don't really know.\" Teeny teased her after that about her fascination with make believe and the paranormal. Samantha just blushed and told Teeny to shut up. \"When you think about it though, it was the greatest summer ever,\" Chrissy admitted. They filled Drake in on the summer of Dear Johnny. After that, they returned to talking about their respective hobbies. While Chrissy talked about growing a rose bush, Teeny got up, casually made her way over to Drake and started to massage his shoulders. He looked at her with a confused look and started to scoot away from her, while Roberta looked at her with a look that said, \"Really?\" Samantha looked down, brought her knees to her chest and clutched her knees. Drake eventually said \"No thanks,\" and stood up. They all sat in silence for a moment before Drake spoke up. \"Um... I'm going to take some of the food I brought and a couple of the Sodas and head home. What will be left will be for you all,\" he said uncomfortably. He got up and gathered some of the food and took three sodas after Chrissy got up and kept apologizing. He looked back at Roberta and Samantha who were both looking back at him, noticeably upset and confused by his sudden decision. He thanked them and walked out the gate. Followed by Chrissy and Roberta. \"I'm sorry Drake. Please don't leave,\" Chrissy said. \"Teeny always comes on too strong. She thinks she's something that she's not. Please, we were having a good time. Don't let that mess it all up,\" Roberta begged. \"I'm sorry. But this was a mistake. It feels like every time I'm around something goes wrong. I don't want to be the reason you all stop being friends. It seems that's what happening. I'm sorry but I need to go,\" he said looking away. \"Come on. Let it slide. Please. We want... I want to keep hanging with and getting to know our new friend,\" Roberta pleaded again. \"I don't know. I'm sorry,\" he apologized. \"If you leave, then you're nothing more than an asshole just like Scott and his brothers,\" Roberta stated very sternly. \"Roberta don't swear,\" Chrissy scolded. After a moment, Drake looked back at them, \"Alright I'll stay. Take that stuff back in and give me a moment to compose myself please,\" he said. Chrissy took the soda and food and went through the gate. But Roberta stayed with Drake. She looked at him, let out a sigh and stepped up closer to him. \"What is it about what just happened that really bothered you?\" She asked. He let out a sigh of his own before answering, \"If I tell you, will you keep it between us? As friends,\" he asked Roberta's eyes widened and she replied, \"Of course.\" \"It bothered me because I don't fancy Teeny. I'm angry because she's making moves on me in front of your other friend, Samantha,\" he answered. \"Why are you so bothered that's in front of her?\" Chrissy asked slightly intrigued. \"She's the first person other than Scott to give a chance and I want to get to know her more\" he admitted. Before he knew it, Chrissy stepped back through the gate still holding drakes stuff causing him and Roberta to look through the gate. They looked over to see Teeny following Samantha out of it. Drake stepped back when it became obvious they were arguing. Teeny grabbed Samantha and turned her around. They did not seem to notice that anyone else was around. \"Stop ignoring me! You've been glaring at me and ignoring me since the other three came out here. Stop telling me I already know!\" Teeny screamed. Samantha rolled her eyes and turned to look her friend in the eye. \"Fine. You need to stop throwing yourself at every guy that comes around. Every time one of us meets someone who would a cool guy to hang out with, you try and date them! I am tired of it Teeny! Will you for once give this guy a chance to hang out with us and decide for himself if he even wants to date any of us?\" Samantha calmly argued. Teeny was taken aback and scoffed, \"You're just jealous that none of them have ever wanted to be with you !\" \"That's ridiculous Teeny! You're being ridiculous. I'm making a rather reasonable request,\" Samantha replied. \"Whatever. You're just being a bitch and you need to grow up Sam!\" Teeny hissed and stormed off. Samantha stood with hurt in her eyes and rushed to her house. Drake let out a frustrated sigh and looked at Chrissy apologetically. \"I'm sorry I even came. I just ruined your group,\" he said. \"Drake wait,\" Roberta tried to stop him but he turned his back to her. \"Drake please don't think that,\" Chrissy tried as well. Without another word, he took his stuff and walked off. Once at her house, Samantha looked off towards Drakes house. She saw him slam something down on a shelf in his garage and kick what was probably his welding project. He looked her direction. She knew he saw her. She felt bad when he looked down and went inside. His door noticeably slammed behind him. \"I couldn't help but feel bad for him being caught in the middle of it all. I knew Drake thought himself the cause of it all. I couldn't tell you what caused me to go off at Teeny like I did. Normally I was the quiet one. It would be days before I admitted to myself what was going on inside me. The summer was about to hit it peak and it had only just begun.\"[Chapter 6] \" The summer carried on and before I knew it, two weeks had passed. I had never gone so long without talking to my friends. Especially Teeny. The problem for me was that I wasn't bothered by that. I was more bothered more by the fact that Drake seemed to be going out of his way to not look at me when he was out side. It bothered me enough that I did something I never usually did. It surprised everyone who would find out. Everything about that day in particular would be unusual for me.\" Samantha came out of her house to see Drake doing his usual thing in his driveway. She let out a sigh and then looked towards Teeny's house. She rolled her eyes when Scott Wormer came walking by. He nodded to her and kept on walking. She watched Scott walk up to Drakes house and shake his hand. When they weren't looking, she moved closer and stood around the corner of his garage to listen. By the time she was in hearing range, they had already been talking for a few minutes. \"That sucks man. I can tell you this, they'll get over it. Trust me, it was no picnic when Roberta and I started dating,\" she heard Scott say. \"I'm just keeping my distance right now. They fought because of me. It doesn't feel good. I hate that I feel like I can't talk to Sam right now,\" Drake replied. She leaned closer to the edge of the corner when she heard that while at the same time, Scott did a double take. \"Why just Samantha? I thought you were friends with all of them?\" Scott asked. \"I am. I said that I hate that I feel like I can't talk to them,\" Drake quickly replied. \"Oh no. You said Sam. You have the hots for her don't you? Don't try to go lying to me Drake. I know what I heard,\" Scott teased. Drake let out a sigh. \"I do actually. I really do have a crush on her. She's been the nicest and she is really cool. Other than you, she's been a friend to me. You two are the only people I've met in this town who know what it's like for someone important to split on you and tear apart your family. I just haven't told any of them that yet,\" Drake replied and took off his welding gear. \"You barely know her,\" Scott said almost confused. \"I know. But I sat around and listened to them talk a little bit the day of that barbeque. I want to get to know her more ya know? She's someone that I actually want to let in,\" Drake admitted. Samantha nearly melted until she heard a bombshell. \"It's been rough since my brother was drafted to Nam. I got a postcard from him the other day. He made it to California but couldn't tell me much about it since he doesn't \"stick around,\" anywhere he goes and reminded me, like always, that our parents aren't always right. I miss him though. I really do. I wish he'd come home. Then maybe my parents would quit being careless and I could get some help with all of this,\" Drake confided. Samantha stiffened in surprise. She remembered the soldier they had talked to four years ago. He was Drakes brother. Everything she had heard him mention suddenly set in. They had more in common than she thought. And he had a crush on her. It made sense why he had been acting so awkward around her. She sat down on the ground when it set in and she finally accepted that she felt the same about him. She sat in disbelief while Drake and Scott continued their conversation. \"My best advice Drake, just talk to them or at least, talk to Samantha. Worse that can happen is they don't want to talk to you. I know them well enough, Samantha or Chrissy will reach out to you in another week. Teeny and especially Roberta, wont reach out to you at all,\" Scott informed him. \"Thank you. I'll give it some thought. Well take care,\" Drake said. Scott headed off and Drake went into his garage. He took a seat and looked over the statue like thing he had been welding. Samantha composed herself and made it look as if she were happening by. She nervously waved at him. Drake smirked and waved back. Her heart began to race when he stood up and approached her. There was an awkward silence when they were standing in front of each other. Both kept trying to talk at the same time. She giggled a moment and he grinned. She took a step back and looked down. He placed a hand on her should to get her attention. She took a deep breath before looking up at him. \"What's the matter?\" he asked. She exhaled, \"Please don't be mad at me. I was kind of standing by your garage when you were talking to Scott. I kind of heard most everything,\" she admitted. \"Really? Why didn't you walk up sooner?\" he asked. \"I don't know. I guess I didn't want to interrupt you and Scott. I wasn't sure if I would have been welcomed into that conversation,\" she answered. \"You would have been. I guess you know the important things now. I guess there's only one thing left to tell you,\" he said in a serious manner. \"Please don't let it be something angry. I'm sorry I eavesdropped I just didn't,\" she was interrupted when Drake stepped up in front of her. Drake looked into her eyes and whispered, \"I don't care.\" He cupped her cheek with one hand and placed the other gently on the back of her head. He then pulled her in and kissed her on passionately on the lips. \"It was weird for me. I had never been kissed before and had no idea what the Hell to do. I was really uncomfortable at first. But oddly I calmed down right away. Something about Drake just felt... Comfortable. I went with it. What surprised me more was what I did in that moment.\" She tensed up for a moment before relaxing. Samantha then wrapped her arms around him. She began to kiss him back and leaned up a little bit. Samantha opened her eyes to see Teeny standing in the middle of the street fuming. She smiled and pulled him in closer while looking at Teeny. She watched Teeny storm off and then got lost in Drakes kiss again. A strange feeling of satisfaction overtook her. \"That was the moment I knew that I had just lost my best friend. In that moment everything changed for me. I was glad to have my first relationship happening. I had an idea finally of what it perhaps could have been that made Teeny want to constantly be with guys. I was also glad to have put her in her place kind of. I did not bother to think of the consequences of my actions in that moment. However, I had no idea the Hell that would be caused by this ","Summary":" A/N: This takes place in 1974. Four years after the movie takes place. It's the summer after their "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"invansion 1946 fanfiction","Author":"kamvang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13107947","Passage":"[Chapter 1] INVANSION : 1946 -PART 1- 29 april 1945,satu hari sebelum hitler bunuh diri,seorang ilmuwan sekaligus perwira-SS bernama Oberstleutnant Albrecht bennan,menemui hitler dan dikawal dengan 2 orang pasukannya.\"bisa minta tanda pengenal?\"tanya seorang tentara SS yang menjaga bagian luar bunker.\"ini dia.\"\"terimah kasih,uhhhhh…\".albrecht pun menembakkan pistol bius buatan divisi mereka ke arah penjaga. Mereka bertiga pun masuk ke dalam bunker mereka dan menembakkan bius ke semua orang yang ada di dalam bunker,termasuk para jenderal-jenderal. Albrecht bennan pun masuk ke dalam bunker hitler,\"heil mein fuehrer,ss-oberstleutnant Albrecht bennan dari divisi ilmuwan 21.\"\"apa maumu kemari?!\"bentak hitler.\"tenanglah mein fuehrer,aku hanya ingin mengajakmu ke lab kami.\"\"aku tak akan pernah keluar dari bunker ini!\"tambah hitler dengan nada yang tinggi.\"baiklah kalau begitu mein fuehrer…\"sambil menembak bius ke pun keluar dan memanggil kedua tentaranya,\"angkat fuehrer,kita tak punya waktu banyak sampai tentara merah sampai.\"\"baik pak,heil hitler.\"seru kedua tentara tersebut.\"heil hitler\" balas Albrecht bennan. \"ugh,dimana aku?\"hitler pun bangun dengan kepala agak pening.\"tenanglah mein fuehrer,kita dalam perjalanan menuju lab rahasia kami di sekitar luar berlin.\"Albrecht pun angkat bicara.\"kau?! beraninya kau melanggar perintahku!dan kenapa tentara ss ini berpakaian sangat aneh?!\"hitler pun mulai membentak.\"tenanglah mein fuehrer,ah kita sudah sampai.\"Albrecht pun langsung turun dari kendaraannya dan langsung menekan sebuah batu yang tak jauh tiba-tiba tanah di bawah mobil jeep Albrecht pun turun membentuk raksasa itu pun turun dengan kecepatan medium.\"maafkan atas kelancanganku mein fuehrer,aku akan menjawab semua adalah lab khusus yang amat rahasia untuk lab inilah kami mulai mencoba salah satu \"wunderwaffe\" yang kami beri nama zeitmaschine(mesin waktu).\"\"maksudmu mesin untuk memanipulasi waktu?\"hitler pun bertanya dengan penuh keingintahuan.\"lebih tepatnya membuat kita kembali ke masa lalu dan masa depan.\"tambah Albrecht.\"lalu kenapa dua tentara ss mu berpakaian sangat aneh?\"tambah hitler.\"oh,mereka mengenakan pakaian khusus anti-gas-ruestung(baju lapis baja anti gas).ah kita sudah fuehrer perkenalkan ini adalah salah satu ilmuwan juga disini,Arnold keffer.\" \"heil hitler,selamat datang mein fuehrer.\"sambut Arnold dengan penuh semangat.\"lewat sini mein fuehrer.\"sambil mempersilahkan hitler maju bennan pun langsung mendampingi hitler dan menjelaskan tentang lab rahasia ini,\"mein fuehrer lab ini di bangun pada tahun 1942,di bawah perintah Hermann goering untuk mengembangkan wunderwaffe yang lain untuk mencegah kalahnya menghabiskan 2 tahun untuk melakukan penelitian berbagai wunderwaffe,tetapi yang paling kami prioritaskan ialah…\"hitler pun menyambung,\"das zeitmaschine,bukankah begitu?\"\"tepat sekali mein fuehrer,dan ini dia mesinnya.\"sambil menunjuk ke sebuah benda yang berbentuk bel dan dibagian atasnya ada sebuah pelindung berbentuk setengah bola.\"bukankah ia sangat menakjubkan mein fuehrer?\"sambil tersenyum ke arah hitler.\"oh,demi tuhan,dia sangat cantik.\" \"baiklah Arnold,segera setting waktunya kembali ke tahun aku tak perlu lagi remote kalian berdua kalian dibebas tugaskan dan sampai jumpa lagi di tahun 1933.\"oceh Albrecht.\"tunggu,\"aku tak perlu lagi remote itu\"?apakah kalian sudah pernah mentestnya?\"hitler pun agak ragu. Albrecht pun lantas tersenyum,\"tentu saja mein tidak seharusnya aku tak akan mencoba membawamu masuk ke dalam sini.\"Albrecht pun langsung memasang sabuk pengamannya,\"mein fuehrer cepatlah masuk,kita akan kembali ke tahun kejayaanmu.\"hitler pun langsung memakai sabuk siap di posisi sambil memakai kacamatanya,\"baiklah kita mulai,mesin diaktifkan,akselerasi diaktifkan,daya utama diaktifkan,daya sekunder diaktifkan,waktu diatur ke tahun 1933,hitung mundur di mulai,3…,2…,1…,sampai jumpa di tahun 1933!\". dan Albrecht un langsung menghilang dari tempat duduknya dan kembali ke tahun lab tersebut langsung hancur akibat serangan bom pesawat sekutu. \"ughhhh,demi tuhan di mana aku?\"dengan kepala pusing,hitler pun berusaha bangkit dari mejanya.\"mein fuehrer apakah kau baik-baik saja?\"Tanya Albrecht dengan pun langsung tersenyum kecil\"aku taka apa-apa,tapi dimana kita?\"\"tampaknya kita sudah kembali ke tahun 1933 mein kenapa kau tersenyum kecil ke arahku mein fuehrer?\"Albrecht pun langsung mencurigai hal tersebut.\"entahlah,tapi aku merasa aku harus menjadi orang yang baik,murah senyum,tidak suka memarahi orang lain,memercayai para jenderal dan bawahanku,dan harus tegas saat berpidato.\"Albrecht pun langsung berbisik dalam hati,'apa ini pengaruh dari zeitmaschine?ah,sudahlah dia yang saat ini jauh lebih baik.'hitler pun langsung bingung dengan ss-oberstleutnantnya,\"hei,Albrecht kenapa kau melamun?\"Albrecht pun langsung terkejut,\"uh,tidak apa-apa mein fuehrer.\"\"ayo kita rekrut ilmuwan terbaik,membuat armor yang ringan tetapi sekuat baja,pesawat jet,roket jarak jauh dan missile ,tank modern,senapan serbu,u-boot dengan rocket jarak jauh kita,peluncur roket ringan,senapan mesin ringan dan berat,kapal tempur dengan rocket,mesin yang bisa membuat akurasi rocket makin baik,kom…\"\"baiklah mein fuehrer,sudah cukup ,aku bawa beberapa blueprint kita dari tahun 1945. Kita hanya tinggal mengembangkan tank, roket jarak jauh, pesawat luar angkasa kita, u-boot dengan rocket, kapal tempur dengan rocket, dan computer.\"\"itu baru perwira ss ku!\"tambah hitler dengan semangat. Catatan : Terimah kasih sudah membaca cerita ini. Saya harap kalian suka. Jika kalian menemukan kekurangan ataupun kesalahan tolong berkomentar dengan baik dan gunakanlah bahasa yang sopan. sampai jumpa di episode selanjutnya. Bersambung…[Chapter 2] INVANSION : 1946 -PART 2- Tahun 1939,Jerman sudah mulai mengembangkan \"wunderwaffe\" dengan intensif semenjak penemuan logam baru yang dinamai mereka juga menciptakan tank utama mereka panzer XI sendiri nantinya akan menjadi tank utama ini dipersenjatai dengan meriam jerman 128mm dan 2 x MG 34,tank ini juga menggunakan armor setebal 100mm di bagian depan dan samping belakang menggunakan armor setebal ini juga diperkuat dengan mesin diesel .tank ini mampu mencapai kecepatan km/jam. Tidak hanya itu mereka juga mengembangkan u-boot type XXIX.u-boot ini dipersenjatai dengan 8 x torpedo kaliber 533mm dan 6 x rocket A-3B yang akan dipandu dengan satelit dan juga dengan kapal tempurnya,baik destroyer,cruiser,dan juga akan dipersenjatai dengan 1 x A-4 rocket yang dipandu satelit dan computer. Tak hanya juga tak luput dari propeller masih dipertahankan untuk serang satunya ialah -90 menggunakan 1 x mesin mercedez-benz dan hanya mampu mencapai kecepatan kurang lebih 400 agak lambat,pesawat ini langsung mengusung persenjataan kelas berat,seperti 2 x 30mm MK 108 kanone,2 x 300 kg bom,dan 4 x Ruhrstahl X-7 berpemandu jet juga langsung menjadi andalan untuk malam dan siang hari karena penggunaan masif radar di berbagai pesawat dan satu fighter mereka ialah,Fw Ta 183 langsung mengusung 4 x 30mm MK 108 kanone,bom 2 x 300 kg,dan 4 x missile ruhrstahl ada 2 bomber yang dijadikan ketetapan pada tahun 1939,yaitu Ar 234 dan Me 234 menjadi bomber medium pertama yang menggunakan jet,dengan 4 mesin jet dipersenjatai dengan 2 x 20mm gun di bagian atas pesawat(self-defense) dan 20 x 300 kg bom/ 15 x 500 untuk Me 200 difungsikan sebagai bomber jarak jauh,dia dipersenjatai dengan 2 x 20mm gun di bagian ekor,atas pesawat dan bagian bawah ini mampu membawa 100 x 250 kg bom/80 x 500 kg bom/50 x 650 kg ini memiliki besar yang hamper sama dengan B-17 ini dibekali dengan 6 mesin jet ketinggalan pun menjadi andalan logistic bagi satunya ialah Fa 223 drache dan Fl 176 lebih mirip ke helikopter R-4 sikorsky,walapun begitu,helikopter Fl 176 lebih besar dan mampu mengangkut 6 tentara dengan senjata 176 juga dipersenjatai dengan 1 x Mg42(untuk self-defense).untuk Fa 223 drache,helicopter ini menggunakan sistem tandem,dengan meletakkan baling-baling di sisi kanan dan kiri dan mampu membawa 10 orang tentara dengan senjata lengkap dan mampu membawa beban seberat seperti Fl 176 ia hanya dipersenjatai 1 x juga mempunya helicopter serang,yaitu Fa ini dipersenjatai dengan 2 x MG 151,1 x 30mm Mk 108,4 x ruhrstahl x-7 missile,dan 8 x panzerrakete. Tak hanya itu artileri mereka sedang dikembangkan hingga mampu dibawa oleh tank,halftrack,atau truk satunya ialah howitzer 200mm,yang menjadi howitzer dan rocket juga sedang dikembangkan agar bisa diangkut diatas tank,halftrack,ataupun untuk missile yang akan dipakai ialah rheintochter (sebagai SAM) dengan berpemandu kabel(di tahun 1942 akan menggunakan satelit),dan feuerlilie(sebagai SAM) dengan berpemandu kabel (sama seperti rheintochter akan menggunakan satelit pada tahu 1942).dan untuk SSM-nya akan menggunakan missile ruhrstahl X-7. To be continued… ","Summary":" INVANSION : 1946 -PART 1- 29 april 1945,satu hari sebelum hitler bunuh diri,seorang ilmuwan sekalig"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"What Happens Now","Author":"valix33","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11320608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sorry it took so long to start this story, had to try and figure out what I was going to do with it. I know this is a super short chapter for such a long wait, but hopefully I'll start updating more regularly again. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. Don had forgotten how alone he was. Spending those three years locked in a tank with four other men had erased the memory of a small box he lived in by himself. When he finally got home it was only to find that the world had moved on without him. His house had been sold to someone else; his job had been taken over while he was away. It was almost as if he'd really died in Germany. The government had decided that most of their veterans would get enough money to get back on their feet, so he wasn't lacking for resources. He wasn't sure what to do with himself, where to go or what to do with this money they were promising. It didn't seem right to stay here in Oregon, feeling like a stranger that didn't belong anymore. That was how he found himself packing everything into a duffel bag and sitting on the bench at the bus station. People gave him a curious look as they passed by, until there came one that he recognized. \"Don Collier, so you survived after all?\" inquired an elderly man. Harold had lived in the neighborhood for his entire life, longer than anyone else Don knew. Before the war the two had been friendly enough, and Harold had been one of the few people to see Don off when the draft came. It was fitting that they had come into contact once more. \"By the skin of my teeth, I assure you. How've you been, Harold?\" \"Chaotic beyond belief. War took a lot out of everyone, but you'd know that already. What are you doing here? You just got back and you're leaving again.\" \"Things have changed Harold. I don't think I can pretend that everything's normal again just because I want them to be. There's somewhere else I need to be.\" \"I'm going to miss seeing you around here.\" The older man clapped Don on the shoulder and Don offered a friendly wave in return, the last familiar face he'd see walking away. When the bus finally arrived he paid his fee and took his seat, his destination much farther than the rest of the passengers aboard. Strangers kept looking at him, the battle scarred soldier with his dog tags still around his neck. People he knew had looked at him that way too, the look of surprise. It was as if no one was supposed to come back, all the soldiers were supposed to die overseas. Maybe in some other time he hadn't survived. But he paid no mind. All that he was thinking about was where he was going, and who he had to find when he got there. He had lots of time, just enough memories to fill that time. \"The damn krauts want us to lose our minds in here. I'm not going to let that happen to me, what about the rest of you?\" \"You two are going to take care of these bodies. Pile them up, and burn them.\" \"They don't want anyone to survive; they want an excuse to kill us all.\" \"Do you trust me, Norman?\" \"With my life, sir.\" \"Saving these tags, it makes me feel like I'm doing some kind of good in here.\" \"Kill us if you want, but that boy is ours and no one will harm a hair on his head.\" \"This is my domain. I kill who I please, I torture who I please, and there is no one on God's earth who can stop me.\" \"Sarge, are we going to see each other again?\" \"I never say goodbye, Norman. I never will.\" He snapped out of his memories as a sign passed by his window telling him that the bus was leaving town. Next stop Pittsburgh. This story is mainly going to be about Don and Norman, but all of the Fury crew will be featured in this story and we'll see how they try and get back to normal. Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 2] Hey everyone, long time no see. It's been really difficult working on this story this year or any of my other stories for that matter, so you guys definitely deserve an explanation. My grandfather passed away at the beginning of the year. He was the one who took me to see Fury in theaters when it first came out, and for a lot of months it was too hard for me to return to working on something that brought back a lot of memories. But I felt awful that all the people who were waiting for me to update this, people who had been loyally following the story since the first one. This update isn't very long and it's somewhat rough, but I hope I'll get less rusty as it goes on. When his clothes were on it was difficult see the damage that the war had done to Norman. But as he slipped into the bath, the wounds were clearly visible. His leg still hadn't fully healed from the gunshot and he would frequently lose his footing if he tried to move too quickly. Scars remained marking his skin like memories that always wanted to linger, lining his entire upper body. The worst damage that he tried to hide was the permanent burn seared over his back, spelling the name of his nightmares. The warm water did little to soothe the pain but he was grateful for it anyway. Spending all that time in Fury, he hadn't been able to feel clean in months. There was so little he could actually find joy in since he got back so the peaceful time he got when no one would bother him was appreciated. Neighbors, strangers, and kids he had used to know, everyone stared at him like a shadow. And he felt like one. No one wanted to talk to the broken soldier so people just avoided him entirely. The worst part was the few people that he wanted to talk to were so far away that he hadn't seen them once since they left the outpost in France. He'd received a couple of letters here and there, just enough that he knew the others were alive and well. London and Annette were living together in her old home, from what he heard they were quite happy together. The others had all returned to where they'd been living before the draft had called them away. It was a ridiculous thought, but after all they'd been through Norman had carried the small hope that the tank crew would stick together. Even Sarge hadn't contacted him regularly as he had promised, and the silence was driving him insane. If he wasn't there already. \"Norman!\" a familiar voice boomed at him from the other room, so he quickly pulled on his clothes and left the bathroom. On the way out, he caught a glimpse of his reflection. Eyes hollowed out, malnourished frame, scratches everywhere. The face he saw was still a boy's, but everything else seemed like it would belong to someone he didn't recognize. Did anyone still recognize him? In his living room stood an imposing man with a clean cut appearance, Leonard Ellison. Since he was a boy, Norman could remember looking up into the hawk-like gaze of his father trying not to tremble under the judgmental eyes. Of course he knew that was how Leonard showed affection, by making his son earn it instead of babying him like the fathers of the other boys. Or at least that was what he told himself. Regardless, there had been a slight change since Norman had returned home. There was a gleam of pride that Norman had seen none too often before, no doubt influenced by the military uniform that he had been wearing upon arrival. Still, his father expected him to uphold the Ellison reputation upon his reintegration into society and Norman was doing his best to keep up with expectations. \"Sorry, I lost track of time,\" he said, avoiding contact with his father's eyes for more than a few seconds. \"No matter,\" replied Leonard. \"I merely wanted to talk to you about your adjustment and how it's been. You know I'm not giving you a free pass to stay in my house as long as you please. Eventually you'll have to be making your own ends meet, be a regular citizen.\" \"Yes, sir. I know you managed to get me into college classes this semester, and I'll make sure I keep up my grades in everything.\" \"And don't forget about finding employment, I know you won't be able to pay your entire tuition but you'll contribute as much as you're able.\" Norman just nodded his head as Leonard put an arm around him. \"I want you to know I've been impressed by how much you've grown, Norman. I'll admit I never thought a boy like you would ever see battle, but when I heard that you were actually on the battlefield, defending our country. You're finally becoming a man. Just think, a young handsome soldier with the rest of his life ahead of him. There shouldn't be a woman in town who wouldn't be interested in you.\" \"Thanks dad,\" Norman squeaked, his father completely oblivious to how uncomfortable he felt hearing all this talk about his planned future. Things before had felt so immediate, and even before he'd been drafted he'd been an adolescent in high school and the future was farther away. But as usual, he didn't muster up the courage to say any of these things. \"Well, I'm off. You should get out of the house today.\" Leonard grabbed his hat and his coat, walking briskly out the front door. Then Norman realized he was alone again, and returned to his bedroom. For the months that he'd been overseas, his father had left the room untouched so there had been some cleaning to do when he returned. Overall it was very simplistic, Norman didn't feel the need to have anything that wasn't his furniture taking up space. Though he'd never say it Leonard probably hoped he would have some typical male things in his possession, posters of Hollywood starlets, baseball, but Norman didn't feel that attached to any of those things. Or anything much at all, for that matter. He sat on his bed and stared up at the ceiling, trying to think of anything that wasn't the railroad of nightmares travelling right on schedule through his thoughts. \"Why do you deserve to go home?\" The sharp tone clicked in his brain and his heart began to race. Standing next to his bed with the same cold stare was the very man who had beaten him all those weeks, Faust. Norman tried multiple times to blink him away, but it wasn't working. \"W-what are you doing here?\" he asked with a quivering voice. It was as if he could feel his old wounds being inflicted on him again. \"Look at the sniveling mess you are,\" growled Faust. \"I thought I'd beaten that out of you. Stupid American boy, I knew I should have shot you when I had the chance.\" \"You're not here. I know you're not.\" Norman forced the memory into his brain, Faust couldn't be in front of him because Faust had killed himself back in Germany. And then the hallucination took on the shape of his memory, Faust grew a bullet hole in his head but he remained with his eyes wide open locked on Norman. \"I'm not here, but yet you still see me.\" Faust moved forward as if to grab Norman again and the boy cringed. Just as he was beginning to think the vision would never go away, there was a ringing at his door. When he opened his eyes, Faust was again gone. Shaken to his core, Norman tried to control his trembling as he went to the door. For a while it had seemed like Faust had left him alone, that the only part of the dead man left was his words. But Norman couldn't deny that he had envisioned him vividly, still remembering every feature that he had seen before. Absentmindedly, he opened his door and it took a minute to register who he was looking at. \"Hey Norman,\" the gruff soldier said as Norman stared in disbelief. \"Sarge?\" He couldn't tell if this was a hallucination as well, maybe something he had imagined because he had wished for it. \"Well, don't just stand there soldier,\" Don barked. His rough hands clutched Norman and brought him into an embrace, one hand on his back and the other hand in his hair. This wasn't a hallucination, his friend was really on his doorstep. Norman rested his head on Don's shoulder, feeling tears come out of his eyes. There was no one he would rather see, and at least for a moment the silence was gone. So it's probably obvious at this point that there will be a lot of PTSD involved in this story, especially for Norman. I really loved writing the reunion part and I want to get back into the process of regularly updating but it might take a couple of chapters. I know I have probably worn out all your forgiveness at this point but I hope you might have a little bit more and I'll try and make it up to you all. Let me know what you thought. ","Summary":" Sorry it took so long to start this story, had to try and figure out what I was going to do with it"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"The Great Unknown Known","Author":"Cider Sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10825134","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Great Unknown Known Summary: Still, the man is not what he'd been hoping for in a gunner. He's got soft edges and a Bible tucked in his belt – neither makes for a good killer, and he's already wondering how long this one will last. He points the man towards the fresh from factory Sherman and tells him to settle in. Or, A collection of 'alphabet-soup' vignettes following Wardaddy and Bible's relationship, with a very healthy dose of Grady, Gordo, Norman and 'Red'. A/N: Just a bunch of stories for Fury, revolving around Boyd and Don. antilogy: a contradiction in terms or ideas. The first time they meet he shakes the man's hand and asks him how long he'd been in the seminary before he'd been hauled off to war. The man's brows lift in surprise just before his lips lift in a smile. He doesn't mean it as a compliment or something friendly. It was obvious, that's all. The man's hair is combed neatly, would have some length if mussed – he'd avoided the undercut or cropping common to soldiers – and his mustache is trimmed in a style common to those in the priesthood. It isn't just that, though. The man is dressed neatly – which is saying something when in fatigues – and he stands mindfully, an almost gentle confidence setting his spine in a straight line. \"Six months.\" Southern, Don decides; his accent is like molasses, catching in places a Northerner's own tongue would find uncomfortable. \"God willing I'll be able to return soon.\" He looks the man up and down and to his credit he doesn't seem particularly bothered by it. \"Don Collier, Staff Sargent.\" \"Boyd Swan, Technician Fifth Grade.\" The man follows his lead, revealing his rank and Don can at least be grateful that the man has been through tank school. He'd been hearing about other tank commanders that had been unlucky enough to get saddled with desk jockeys and under aged runaways. Still, the man is not what he'd been hoping for in a gunner. He's got soft edges and a Bible tucked in his belt – neither makes for a good killer, and he's already wondering how long this one will last. He points the man towards the fresh from factory Sherman and tells him to settle in. It's just the two of them for a few days as they wait on the other three members of their soon to be team. The man spends a lot of time hunched over his Bible, reading, and gets to talking with the base pastor. He also finds him, on occasion, at the field hospital, standing by bedsides and sending men home with words of prayer. Don knows the Book well enough, thinks about it on a rare occasion, but he's pretty sure he'd punch the man if he tried that on him. \"Heard you got one of them seminary types.\" Miles, another tank commander, one with a lot more dirt behind his ears, says as he marks up a map, sliding it towards him. There's a difference between a seminary man and a religious man. The former tended to die, quickly, and due to his ideals. The latter tended to die just like the rest of them but before that day he always seemed a little more broken than the rest; fracturing spiritualism was an ugly thing. \"You heard correct.\" The man huffs as though he has a problem with it. \"Don't know why they put those boys on the front lines; better off behind a desk, or the pulpit.\" The man mutters as he pulls out another map, brow furrowing in confusion before realizing its the wrong one. \"He a pacifist?\" Don chuckles because it's ridiculous; he's never heard of a self-proclaimed pacifist making it to the frontline. The man doesn't laugh. Doesn't look up. \"Didn't mention that.\" He answers when the man glances up at him. \"Well, good luck. Had one of them once.\" He marks the map with three red 'x's, folds up the map and pushes it into his hands. \"Word of advice, son. Don't get attached.\" They work together on the tank and get situated, running through checklists and debugging the comms.; the man sings, sometimes, though it's more humming and muttering to himself. \" – and thy shall abide – \" he murmurs as he cleans out grease from a sprocket – the newer tanks are filthy with the stuff – and then abandons the song to point out a missing bolt. Don learns that sure enough the man knows the tank, has in fact been to tank school and can run through the commands good as any, but something about him seems out of place. He thinks about his conversation with Miles whenever the man speaks. He's half psalms and 'yes, sir's; from the little he'd seen of this war and for the overwhelming amount he'd heard, the God-fearing either lost their religion or their lives. He doesn't want either for the man, and he sure as hell doesn't want to bring that into his tank. The other three arrive and Don begins to feel a bit more hopeful. First there is Trini Garcia; he tells him to call him Gordo, a nickname he's had and preferred since childhood. The man's voice always has an edge of humor, his speech often interspersed with Spanish, and he's wearing a cross. Gordo doesn't say anything about it though and that's good because he doesn't think having two Boyd Swans would work. Hank Redding, a quiet, tall cattle rancher arrives with him; he's from Montana, he says, from a town no one has heard of and apparently he and Gordo had been in tank school together. Beyond that he doesn't say much, but he writes, he writes a lot; Gordo tells him that they're all letters to his girl back home. He likes the man; he's quiet, calm and doesn't require much. And finally, there is Grady Travis, his loader; he is exactly what he expects of a man in that position. He's built like a bulldog and is a man of simple tastes; he likes women and drinking and picks fights when he's spent time doing either. Him and Boyd go together like oil and water and between the two of them, Don feels a headache coming on. The man doesn't fit right; its confirmed when he and Grady get into verbal spats and in the uncertain way the man sits when they get talking about their latest conquests and girls back home, about drunken nights in basic and cultural misadventures in the local bazaar. Don likes the man fine, has traded pleasant enough words with him, and that's the problem. Grady has already told him to fuck off and Hank has fixed him with an unimpressed stare more than once, and hell, Gordo has gotten involved in a tussle or two, but Boyd … he can't help but think he belongs back at that field hospital or hell, back in a seminary in Canada or Mexico. He's not saying the man is a coward, not saying that he'd run from conscription, but he seems like the kind to avoid fighting and killing. Putting him behind that gun just don't make a lot of sense. Regardless, he puts the man behind the gun and they roll out for the first time, at the back of the pack. \"Swan, gun front –\" he says into the comm., his fingers hitting the wrong button, broadcasting the message to the platoon. The General laughs and calls him green; he presses the right one and repeats himself. Sure enough, as they complete the hard right turn, the gun returns to the front and the man's voice crackles through. \"Roger,\" he says, his tone serious. It's not the same tone the man saved for scriptures or the dying; it's something new. He's a professional, Don thinks; it's a step up from his previous assessment but still, it doesn't mean much. They pass through desert for two days before seeing any action. They're at the back, still, and it happens quickly. Something glances off the back of the tank's turret and it rocks the Sherman's metal frame. They've run right into an ambush – a small one, and no doubt an inadequate one – and had the enemy gunner been aiming a little more closely they would be cooking. Two tanks reveal themselves, from behind some bullshit sand dune – they'd all been preoccupied looking at the burnt husks of the lost ground patrol – and then there's gunfire and a grenade or two. \"Redding …\" He stumbles over the other man's name because the side of the tank gets hammered with a spray of bullets, but the turret is turning towards the mess and it snaps him out of it, \"Redding, Garcia, bring her round, hard left – \" The tank's body follows its turret and they're moving towards the gunfire. The tank in front of them outranks them by a week in service and Don watches as the fresh commander's head snaps back, his limp body falling back into his vehicle. He had spoken to the man but twice, knew he'd seen a week of combat and that this was all that could be of his career. The sand, in some areas, is already bright red and their own tank tramples a body – its only by the tan uniform and black arm band that he knows its the enemy. They're lined up now with an enemy tank and its by sheer luck that their next shot goes completely wild, flying well above his head. \"Boyd –\" He is forced to duck down a bit as machine gun spray, bright red tracers and all, come calling up the tanks front. \"On one – \" He hears the gunner yell into his comm.; Grady knocks into his knees as he loads the gun and he looks down at the Browning's returning fire. His team is performing and he's here forgetting names. The whole tank shakes as the main gun discharges; the round finds its mark in the tracks on the tank and he's pretty damn sure they've managed to detrack it. Not the preferred outcome but good enough. Within moments another tank has managed to destroy the tank they've demobilized and all that's left are a few ground troops. It's easy work for their platoon and though the battle was short – could hardly be called that – his hands are shaking and he's sweating under the beating sun. He feels ill, even as the cold sweat leaves him. They're all silent, wallowing in their baptism by fire, when Travis gets to shouting and fuck, Don knows what its about- there ain't no running from it, not in these close quarters and if his adrenaline wasn't running s violently through his system, he'd probably be a little embarrassed over it. \"What the hell, Sargent –\" Grady Travis howls and the stench hits them, \"Aw, no, man – what's it like up top? That bad?\" The man's laughing and Gordo groans, \" puta madre …\" , as he pops open his hatch and moves the seat up into driving position. Hank copies him with a sort of chuckle, though its hardly audible. \"Damn, I've heard of a pants-wetting experience, but shit –\" \"Leave him be, Grady –\" The gunner warns, his voice hard as he lights a cigarette, paying no attention to what had just happened. Hank and Gordo get her going again and they get back into formation on his orders; except for occasional snickering from Grady they make their way to the next checkpoint in silence. His team performed and he crumbled. He wasn't a betting man but had he been, he wouldn't have put his money on himself being the odd man out. Amongst the lessons he's learned today – and hell, if he weren't a little humbled by it – the most important might be regarding his initial assessment of his gunner. The man is crouched besides their tank - still unnamed, as virgin as it is – digging out sand from the tracks and checking the dings, making sure nothing is out of sorts. He can hear Travis working inside, oiling the loading mechanism and sorting out odds and ends, wrench clanking mutely from within. Boyd is humming over the sound and doesn't seem bothered when Gordo pops out of the hatch and flings a bucket of spent shells down the side, a couple catching him as they fall to the ground. \"Swan –\" He calls out and the man glances back before straightening; it almost looks like at attention but even new tank crews know how little that matters out here. \"Boyd, sir.\" \"Boyd\" He repeats the man's name and gives him a nod, his chin jutting out a bit as he said it. \"You did a good job today.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" He dips his head in acknowledgment and waits. \"Don.\" He says because he feels like he should return the sentiment, especially seeing that the man would be sticking around. After that, Don realizes he doesn't have much more to say; he knows that a small amount of guilt is what brought him here, though the man is none the wiser. Except he is. \"I'm here because I answered His call.\" He says just before Don makes to turn away and join the other tank commanders for a debrief. \"What's that?\" Don eyes him, watches as Boyd sticks the spade into the ground. \"I know I seem out of place, have had more'n one man tell me so.\" Don's lip twitches slightly; he isn't going to deny it, though he hadn't realized he'd been obvious about it. \"But this is the path I'm meant to walk.\" After the man's performance first day out, he doesn't doubt it. And though he doesn't know it yet, he'd never come to doubt it. \"I can see that.\" That seems to appease the man and he pulls a cigarette from his chest pocket, pulling one for himself, sticking it hastily between his lips, before offering Don the pack. Boyd lights the cigarette, offers Don the same, and grabs the shovel again. There's something tense there, in the way he moves, though Don doesn't know what it is, not yet. He leaves the man to it but gives him a final word. \"Glad to have you on board, Boyd.\" And he is.[Chapter 2] Bombardment: 1) a continuous attack with bombs, shells, or other missiles. a 2) continuous flow of questions, criticisms, or information. Their five-tank convoy rolls to a stop as the sun dips below the endless horizon. It's dangerous to move at night; sound and light travels across land this flat with incredible ease and the best option is to choose a spot and stay there. They park a quarter of a mile apart; weren't no greater invitation to get a whole lot of men killed then to put everyone in the same damn place. Luck is on their side and the night is quiet; above them the sky is alight with stars in a way they have never see back home. Though beautiful, the eternal vastness of the desert makes for a good chill and it's a damn cold night. The wind is also whipping up every once in a while and every burst brings sand into the tank into his jacket, into his hair – it is his least favorite thing about this land. Despite the relative calm Don does his due diligence because he's learned rather quickly that letting your guard down is what got you killed. He scans the empty dark with a set of binoculars, only able to make out the slight rise of sand dunes and the shapes of the company's tanks. He spots what he is pretty sure is some kind of wild canine scampering across the sand. Other than that it is still; no enemy in sight. Just as he is about to lower his binoculars he catches something out of the corner of his eye; a small red dot of light. His veins are suddenly flooded with adrenaline and he's a second away from calling his boys back to their stations. He swivels around and looks through the tight vision of the binoculars and curses. Anxiety is replaced by anger. \"Goddamnit –\" Collier spits and slams the binoculars down against the top of Fury's turret basket, picking up the comm., \"Hastings one of your boys got a damn cigarette lit –\" There's a short burst of static in response; Hastings' tech hadn't gotten their inter-tank comm. back online. The thing was well fried and they'd probably have to just manage without it until they checked in with Alpha Company. That's what the binoculars and extensive set of hand signals they had learned in tank school were for. Though, now it is darker than hell and hand signals would be about as good as trying to get the other commander's attention by whispering. He thinks on it for a moment, scans the horizon once again and calls down into the tank. \"Boyd –\" The man is down below, a small pocket light in one hand and the Book in the other; he hears him shift and then a moment later he's up top, looking out at the vast dark nothing before giving him a questioning glance. \"Good evening.\" Don says in joking formality. \"You up for a little walk?\" Boyd leans bag against the secondary hatch frame, hands jammed in his pocket – the tank is the same temperature as the outside but the wind brings a new chill to one's bones – and gives a short nod. \"Nice night for a walk. Where'm I headed?\" Don could feel his lip quirk in a small smile; it had only been two months and some but the man had proven the sort of dedication and respect most superiors dreamed of. He weren't likely to get distracted, always thought ahead, didn't get into mindless scrapes … the man made a surprisingly good soldier. He also entrusted this particular task to him because he knew the man didn't get distracted. If he sent Gordo or Grady he knew he would likely lose them to a night of drinking and talking with Patriot's young and eager crew. Red was a viable option, wasn't likely to cross him and wander like a wayward dog, but he was in the middle of switching out the .30 caliber he'd overheated. Sometimes the man got a little overzealous with the gun when it came to Nazis, or so Don was learning. He didn't blame him one bit. Don points off towards the dark and frowns. \"Patriot.\" He watches as Boyd looks over towards the tank in question – he can just make out its outline, spots the red burning dot and then, as if out of thin air, a small fire appears in front of the neighboring tank. It is set low, in a dug out hole in the sand, and Don's sure the green idiots think they're getting away with something. Where in the hell was Hastings? Damn if he weren't grateful for the good crew he had. \"Jesus fucking Christ –\" Don lifts his hand in exasperation and then gives Boyd an almost sheepish look; Boyd waves him off, not at all bothered. Don was still learning about Boyd and was learning the man had a pretty high tolerance for their foul mouths. He had also learned the man could be just as bad as the rest of them; he had recently heard a true litany of 'fucks' coming from his gunner during a particularly tense gunfight. It had been a surprise for all of them. \"I got it. Give 'em a talking to.\" Boyd squints at the light and shakes his head. \"Boys need a firm hand, no nice preaching words.\" Don warns, his lip quirking up as he looks again through his binoculars. \"I'm savin' those for Grady. Man needs 'em more than they do.\" \"Amen.\" Don admits; its a long running thing, an almost joke, between the crew; the hopelessness of Grady, who'd on the first day of meeting Boyd claimed himself a right heathen. \"I'll set 'em straight. You'll see.\" \"Yes you will. They'll listen to you.\" It's true; Don found that people tended to listen to Boyd. He had a way about him; he was so genuine that he was often able to disarm some of the strongest personalities. It was hard to fight or be angry with the man. Boyd huffs and climbs the rest of the way out of the hatch. \"Sure you don't wanna send Grady?\" The man jokes and Don thinks he can see the ghost of a smile; \"Hell, if I wanted to do that I could just throw a grenade their way; would get their attention just the same.\" Bible chuckles and so does Don; they're both imagining it. The man was explosive when he figured you were doing something dumb and needed a good lesson. Made for good entertainment at times. \"You got your side-arm?\" Bible turns and looks at him, thoroughly unimpressed. He half expects him to roll his eyes, but Boyd doesn't do that, ever. Instead, he opens one flap of his jacket, revealing the weapon. \"Yes, sir.\" He says it in a way that sounds innocuous but Don knows better by now; it's as close to sarcasm as he gets, his tone holding a hint of exasperation. \"Make it a milk run.\" Don says in after thought, as if the man needed reminding, and waches as Boyd he climbs off the tank, boots making a soft thud as they found purchase in the cracked ground. \"Want you back in fifteen.\" Don nods and lets the man go, finally. \"Roger that. Fifteen.\" Boyd says with a half salute and sets off; Don lifts his binoculars and watches the whole way, ready to cover the man should anything take them by surprise. Boyd can feel Don's eyes on him as he walks and he's glad for it; even though it's been a relatively short time, he trusts his team – especially the Sargent - with his life. War makes or breaks your bonds very quickly and he's never so quickly trusted someone like he does the tank commander. It's why he has no problem with taking a short quarter mile hike to a neighboring tank in what is technically enemy territory. He knows Don will watch every step of the way, that Don's protection meant something. It only takes him a short few minutes to cross the way and he makes a point to be loud, allowing his footfalls to scrape up dirt; he whistles a bit to make his position and intentions less threatning. Still, as he makes his way into the small ring of light, even as he calls out 'Patriot', one of the men, the one with his back to him jumps, and whips around, fumbling for his pistol. \"Hey, careful now. There's been enough friendly fire out here.\" Boyd warns, hopes Don didn't see that because he was sure to rip this kid a new one tomorrow and have strong words with the tank commander. \"Corporal Swan?\" \"Not sure if you are aware but we're in enemy territory.\" \"Yeah, we're plenty aware.\" The man, their gunner, Boyd remembers, says; he doesn't seem to be making the connection and isn't too pleased with his sudden appearance and the fact that its clear Boyd is there to reprimand them. \"Okay. Then you are also aware that the land here is pretty flat.\" The men stare back at him, look back at Fury, wondering just what he is doing here; Boyd figures they must think he is the worst idle-chit-chatter in the army. There's a metallic rattle a Boyd looks over at the largest of the men, their loader, holding an ammo tin over the fire. \"What's your point, corporal?\" Boyd is a little amazed but Don always said their was no limit to stupidity. \"The fire.\" He says it and it comes out as if he can't believe their ignorance, which, well, he can't. The kid with the pistol furrows his brow; he's got to be just of age, if that. \"We can see it bright as day from a quarter mile. You think the enemy will be able to see it, too?\" The men pale, the gunner glancing back at Patriot before cursing and yelling at the man across from him, the one who had tried – if he could even go that far - to shoot him, to put it out. The kid tries to stomp it out while Jacobs grabs at a cup of coffee and throws it towards the struggling embers. \"Fuck.\" The other gunner – Jacobs, Boyd thinks – swears. \"Where's your commander?\" Boyd asks and all three men glance nervously back at the tank parked a mere five feet from them; its unlikely anyone inside could hear them, not with their low murmuring, but Boyd's surprised all the same. \"Buttoned up, going over maps with Hendrix.\" Jacobs looks at him in a way that almost seemed challenging; he knows they've fucked up and know they've been caught. There's a long silence and they're waiting for him to do something. \"Oh, don't worry. It isn't me you gotta worry about; I'm sure Sargaent Collier will stop by in the morning.\" Jacobs says 'fuck', again, cranes his neck around him and tries to pick out their tank in the dark. \"Seriously –\" The youngest looking says, sounding worried. \"Listen, Corporal, thanks for stoppin' by –\" The loader starts; he hadn't seemed at all perturbed by their error and sounded bored, unimpressed. \" – but the fires out now, so –\" Boyd stares at him and the man falters; Boyd knew that his calm demeanor tended to make people uncomfortable, tended to disarm them, especially the one's that had a lot of fight and angry words in them. This man seemed to be that type, had probably been expecting him to climb up that Sherman and bang on the hatch. It's what Don or Grady would have done, Gordo and Red, too, most likely. Instead, he stands there and fixes them with a look of utter disappointment. He found men responded to that better than anger. The gunner opens his mouth, stops and then tries again. He smiles. \"As far as I see it, no harm no foul –\" \"Hmm.\" Boyd hums and is about to answer that particularly stupid statement because he's pretty sure the man was, in all his glorious indirectness, trying to get him to keep Don from telling on them. It is embarrassing, really. It's also enough to make him a little angry because thinking like that got people killed and he had, in his short career, spent enough time praying for the dead. They didn't need idiocy killing them just as good as Nazis. Yes, he's about to say something, is about enlighten them, but he immediately forgets it all. He forgets because, suddenly, not so far off, the air begins to hum. Don watches from afar, shakes his head and vows to give Hastings a serious and thorough talking to when one of his men tries to pull a pistol on his gunner. He knows the man had likely made his approach obvious and it sets a pin of anger in him to see one of Hastings' men act so purely out of reaction. \"Hey, Top!\" It's Gordo, his voice muffled having traveled all the way from the driver's seat; unlike other crews they tended to stay battened down when crossing through territories. They hadn't liked it at first but they'd all gotten used to it and had taken to it, trusted it more than open air; Don knows a particularly sudden and brutal ambush, one they'd been forced to retreat from, had, in a way, helped enforce the habit. \"Yeah.\" Don calls down, briefly looking away from Patriot, from his gunner. \"Foods up and it don't taste like shit this time.\" He can smell it and it actually does smell good; they'd been going on Saltines for while, because they were easy, and this would be a welcome change, good or otherwise. \"Hey, why don't you eat this, you s – \" Red's voice came and there was the sound of horseplay – loud thunking sounds, Grady's disgruntled protests, swearing – it was never ending and Don had no doubt in his mind that these men were even tighter than brothers could be. \"Knock it off –\" Don calls down and hell, if he didn't sometimes feel like he was their father. He glances through his binoculars again, can see Boyd's outline against the fire; he's gesturing towards it and in a flurry of panicked movement it goes out. Good. He bends down into the tank, checking on the rest of his team; they've made themselves confortable enough, though Red's gun is still only partially together and Gordo's got a good and greased rag shoved into one of the control levers. \"Where the hell's Boyd?\" Grady peers up at him as he pours some of the soup, or whatever it is, into a tin cup and squeezes him into the spot near the engine. Don is ever amazed at Grady's ability to somehow make himself fit in Fury's smaller areas. \"Giving Patriot a little hell.\" Don smiles as they turn to him in surprise; Boyd didn't give anyone hell and they all can't imagine it. Grady barks out a throaty laugh – \"I'd like to see that one\" – while Red shakes his head, army issued utensil digging into the ammo tin. \"Uh-uh, Boyd? Probably gonna accidentally save them. I don't think the man is capable of giving anyone hell.\" \"\"What's he over there for?\" Gordo asks through a mouthful of food. \"Hastings ain't mindin' the children,\" he says with small disbelief in his tone, \"they started a fire. Can see them miles off in this land.\" Red whistles and Gordo chokes out a 'es verdad?', to which Don gives him a warning look; Grady chuckles, calls them fucking stupid. \"Man, I'd smack those idiots upside the head – the hell'r they thinking?\" Grady shakes his head, laughing in that way that was unique to him, as he tipped his cup back, drank the soup directly from the cup. \"And that's why I didn't send you, Grady.\" Don leans against Fury's frame, not yet ready to eat; he'd wait for the gunner to return. \"Situation called for some finesse.\" \"Finesse? Those boys don't need finesse, they need an ass whoopin' – \" They all laugh, agree because Hasting's had some interesting characters with him, had been assigned a fairly green and diverse team. \"Yeah? You gonna, you –\" Gordo starts but trails off; he hears it a fraction of a second before the rest of them. The sound is akin to a swarm of bees; Don knows immediately what is coming; he hasn't forgotten that sound, couldn't. It's the sound of German 87 Stukas. Dive-bombers. \"Fuck.\" Don bites out and nearly hurtles himself back up through the hatch; he grabs at his binoculars and tries to see through the dark. He can see the dying embers of the fire, can just vaguely make out the shape of Patriot and the men standing around her – though they're not just standing around, they are frantically filing back into the tank, he thinks. He doesn't see Boyd, can't pick him out in the dark; he scans the space between the two tanks, doesn't think he's on his way back and fuck … what if he is? Don runs a hand over his mouth; the sound is getting close and he knows he has to button up. Stukas fly low, are fast, have fantastic maneuverability – the only deficit to the aircraft was that they ran through fuel quickly. They wouldn't manage any more than three or four flyovers. \"Fuck –\" he curses himself more than anything, more than the situation, because he might have just killed his fucking gunner. He doesn't pray often but he does right then, tells God that if he gets Boyd back he'll be a little more devout and won't kill Hastings. \"Gordo, Red – \" Don feels sick, absolutely fucking sick, \"start her up, now!\" \"What the – what about Boyd?\" Gordo shouts up, his voice high pitched and colored in horror. \"We ain't leavin' him out there – \"Grady gestures from inside the tank, pointing at the tank's wall and then at the gunner's seat, \"and what if we need to gun one of them fuckers down?\" The tank rumbles to life and he can hear Red cursing a storm from inside. \"He's with Patriot. We'll regroup and get him back.\" He says feeling horrendously unsure of whether that will actually happen; this is how platoons got split up. It happened all the time and sometimes it took days to get back together, assuming anyone made it through. \"What if –\" Grady spits back, all fire; the man was never afraid to make his feelings known. \"We will get him back!\" Don shouts at Grady and tells him to get the fuck in position, tells him to load a round and take up Boyd's seat. They can all perform in any position, if needed, though they were masters of their designated spot. Grady, though trained on the position, has never actually done it. The air burns with hesitation and it makes Don's job all the harder. \"Do your damn jobs.\" Don pulls at the hatch, setting the example, just as the Stukas make their first pass; the tank pitches forward even as three loud thunks echo against her hull. Gattling bursts. Don grabs at the comm. and calls out to the other tanks. \"Collier outbound, we have Sutkas – bearing northwest; follow my lead.\" Two of the other four tanks answer and Patriot isn't one of them. The night sky lights up, red and tracers and bombs land around them, shaking the ground and turning the sand to glass. It ricochets off their tank and the world is just light and noise. \"Who has eyes on Patriot and Honey?\" Don manages just before the tank takes a very hard right, tossing him into Grady and nearly making him drop the mic. \"Honey – \" the commander from Babs, Blum, pauses and Don knows its no good. \"Honey is down.\" A direct hit, most likely; it only took one well aimed missile or one incredible poorly timed maneuver; truth was, around 80% of the time, a Sherman would catch fire with a direct hit. Don had learned that in tank school and never forgot it. They plug forward with no word from Patriot; he tries to catch sight of it, of any, of the tanks though the periscope and hatch. He doesn't see a damn thing. They roll over sand dunes, try to stay on their northwest bearing, and lose track of where they are – everything is just bush and sand dune. It ends up being a running game. He doesn't ask Grady to even attempt shooting that big ol' 75 mm Boyd usually sits behind, and no one touches a trigger. They simply run for it and it feels a lot like he's abandoning his gunner. He has to take several deep breaths as they get further from the noise. Dawn comes and they're still moving, albeit at a true crawl. If a tank could limp … The bearing and brief coordinates he'd given to the other tanks are for Alpha Company's position; that's where they had been heading, though they had been asked to take a few days to pick off the remaining stragglers. This territory, though technically of the enemy variety, was supposed to have been clean. The last bombardment had been weeks ago in Tubruk. The Allied Forces had gone to great efforts to destroy enemy air capabilities; clearly, it hadn't been enough. Don feels a simmering anger in his gut; there is no way of knowing if Patriot's fire is what alerted the air force, and there never would be, but Don has his suspicions. There was a reason they had been so quick to put it out. \"Stop here, Gordo.\" It's the first thing that has been said in hours. With the light they can regroup. Don rubs at his eyes; they are all exhausted, had been up through the night, had suffered through several close calls and had consequently, in their brilliant maneuvers, separated themselves from all but one tank. \"Hell-and-Back, we're calling for a halt and regroup.\" Don clears his throat; it's horrendously dry. \"Roger.\" Is all the other commander says; he's just as exhausted. Don slams the mic. back into its carriage. Grady is eyeing him and the sick feeling that had taken him the moment he had order their flight only increased. He pops open the hatch, throwing it upwards with unnecessary force. \"File out. Check for damage. Fix what you can quickly. Don't want any bullshit.\" Don is angry, they're all angry – they've lost half a platoon on an a-to-b and have misplaced their gunner; he knows he's being hard on them but he has to do something with what is welling up in him. It's been just over two months and he's misplaced someone; how many commanders could say that? He had really warmed to the man and he would be hard pressed to forgive himself if Patriot never turned up, or, if it did and his gunner wasn't with them. He's half way out the hatch, takes a breath, and glances downwards. He couldn't let his fuck up – or his anger – keep him from serving the men he still has, the men he'd kill for at any given moment. \"Make sure you eat something. Drink some water –\" Don swears he hears the clink of a bottle and nearly explodes. \"Water, Gordo, clean your goddamn ears out –\" He's not even sure if that's what he heard going on down below, but he wants them in top form, wants them to have their heads on right because they're down a man and in combat it feels a lot like missing a limb. And hell, he knows he's being unreasonable because Grady doesn't say anything to him as he pushes himself out of the gunner's chair and leaves through the secondary hatch, jumps down to the sand and starts taking a piss. \"What the fuck, Top.\" Gordo says and he can hear Red tell him to leave it be. He's out before he can field any more complaints. Hell-and-Back's crew saw Honey go up in flames right in the beginning. The entire crew had been outside of their tank, hadn't a chance, and had been gunned down just before their tank was set aflame. Hell-and-Back had had just enough luck and skill to make it out whole, but it had required their full attention and they had lost sight of the others, had followed Collier and hadn't looked back. \"Got rocked pretty good.\" Carter says as he looks over his shoulder at his crew; three of them are trying to peel up the assistant driver's hatch. The damn thing had taken some damage and was sealed tightly shut, bent in an awkward angle. Don can hear a man inside trying to hammer the mess out. His own crew is scattered around the tank and no ones communicating; Grady is twisting his wrench around what Don guesses to be the suspension bogie, and Red is finishing up with his .30 Cal, the one that had been over-heated and busted the day before. Gordo is digging shit out of the exhaust – fucking sand gets everywhere. Carter scans Fury's scattered crew, assessing the damage of their tank as any good commander would and raises a brow. \"Where's your fifth? The –\" Carter asks as he takes a long drag from his cigarette – he doesn't know any of his men by name, not really, but knows them solely by their position, \" – the gunner?\" \"With Patriot's crew.\" Carter, to his credit, doesn't ask why. He just nods, gives him a look as if to express his condolences over the matter while simultaneously expressing, 'it's better than dead.' \"And where the hell are they, huh?\" Grady throws a wrench and Gordo swears, tells him to be fucking careful. Carter looks unimpressed but he's a bit tight-laced, doesn't appreciate outbursts of any kind, regardless of their origin. He's strict, that's what everyone knows about him. Don bets he sure as hell ain't fool enough to lose –literally lose, and he still cant fucking believe it - a crew member to a milk run. Don and Carter look at a map and find they are on the right track, that if the others have their wits about them and any damn sense they will follow the route they were meant to. \"We'll wait till dusk, get our repairs in, move at night this time. We're close enough.\" Carter says and Don stares down at the map. Carter sighs, though it's not a thing of frustration. \"I know you want to wait for your gunner, but, we need to report in.\" Carter mistakes his silence for hesitation. \"I know that.\" Don does. He folds the map up and tucks it in his jacket. \"Hastings' got a good crew and a decent head on his shoulders.\" Carter offers; Don isn't completely convinced, not after last night. \"They'll make it.\" \"His boys started a fire.\" Carter looks up at that and he knows his instincts aren't wrong; Carter is thinking the same damn thing. \"Shit.\" Carter hisses, dragging a hand across his face; his previous words about Hastings fall away into a meaningless void. \"Dusk.\" Don confirms as he gazes out at that terrible desert. Dusk comes and they roll out, their tracks leaving deep, angry scars in the parched earth. They meet with Alpha Company and there's a brief moment of excitement when they spot, on their approach, a beat looking Sherman parked alongside a half-collapsed building. \"Hey –\" Grady taps him from his place next to him and points, just as Red shouts over the noise of the tank. \"Hey, Boss – that Patriot?\" Red's voice lilts upwards, hopeful and Don leans forward, signaling to Carter who was pulling up behind him. It was definitely a tank from their platoon. \"Looks like her!\" Gordo says as he steers the a bit closer; the tank had taken some hell, is probably parked their for serious repairs, but nothing seems to have pierced it and there aren't any signs of char. A weathered, grey-haired man comes from around the other side and noticing Collier, gives a wave. \"Sargent –\" he calls out and Don recognizes him; it's Bill Piworczyk, the assistant driver, from Babs., as they get closer, Don can make out the crude painting of a busty woman in a red dress on the front. Don feels horrendous over it, but he feels a small thrill of disappoint; the sentiment resonates through the tank but Don doesn't show it. None of them do, because it's good to see Babs crew has made it out. They shouldn't feel any damn thing other than relief. \"Aren't you a sight for sore eyes –\" The man says it earnestly, his Chicago accent thick; he's one of those rare types that just drips genuine. He's soft at heart, but regardless, makes a fine commander. \"Glad to see you boys; we weren't sure who else had made it!\" The man sobers suddenly, as though guilty over his excitement at seeing them, \"We weren't sure after Honey – \" \"Same here. Good to see you, Bill. \" Don nods down at the man, gives him a small smile. \"Your boys whole?\" \"O'Brien has some electrical burns and it'll be a while before we get this damn oil outta everything.\" The man's uniform is slick with black grease; they'd undoubtedly taken some bad hits. The man is old enough to be the commander, smart enough, too, but has out right refused several attempts to get him promoted. Bill confirms his suspicions when he tosses a hand up towards Babs and shakes his head. \"Don't know if she'll see another day; can't believe we made it back. We pushed, Don, we really did. Hell, we're the reason for half the electric shorts and fires.\" He says is in the voice of a man who knew he almost got got. \"You boys doing alright?\" Don stares at him for a moment, well aware that he's grinding his teeth – his back and neck are sore, too, and he realizes in that moment how tensely he's been holding himself. \"One of ours is with Patriot.\" Don briefly wonders with how many people he's going to have to experience this shame and pain. He wouldn't get demoted for it, wouldn't lose his remaining crew, because things like this happened. But he knows its what he fucking deserves and he figures that experiencing this over and over is a fraction of the pain of sending one of his boys to his probable death. \"Oh, jeez – \" Bill looks down, brows furrowed in sympathy – sympathy Don doesn't want or deserve - as he looks back up at him. Don doesn't like the looks, suggests he knows something. \"I haven't seem 'em, Don.\" He says right away because he knows what he was going to ask, knows he needs to know the answer regardless. To Don and his entire crew's dismay, to Bill's own, the man shakes his head. \"Not after the initial hit. Last we saw Patriot was after Honey. Saw them break away south west but after … we went north and then west, drove through the night.\" \"South west?\" Red questions, squinting at Bill against the harsh and ceaseless light of day. \"Can't say why, only that they did.\" Bills shakes his head looking sorry; they stay there, stalled in front of the man, for a moment. There's a long burst of gun fire from afar, but no now pays it any mind. It's a constant reminder that even if they aren't in battle, someone else always is. Don imagines Patriot is a good example. \"Thanks for the information, Bill.\" The man gives them a half-hearted nod and points them to command. After another day, Red asks what they're all wondering. \"They talk about a replacement?\" The man looks upset, knows that Don would tell them when he knew, but by the way he looks down, briefly, he can tell that they can't stand waiting. They're due back in the field in the next few days and a Sherman tank just didn't run with four. The day before his men had gotten well drunk and had talked about how missing didn't mean dead, talked about odds and joked about divine protection. Now, with the hangover, they all remember what MIA means in the army and what the tanks that made it back look like, and aren't feeling all that much like praising God. \"Yep. He'll be in tomorrow with Easy.\" Lots of men were being shipped in for Operation Torch, to replace those who had been lost and to push the campaign further. Don had been given the papers and a sorry. He hadn't even looked at them yet. \"Hell with him.\" Gordo says, slurs, and Don guesses he's still a little bit drunk. \"I'll have none of that, Gordo.\" Don points at him, fixing him with a serious gaze because he's the commander and he's not allowed to crumbles under the weight of his fuck ups. \"Boyd's not with us anymore,\" he doesn't say dead because the idea still hurts, \"but there's still a war going on.\" And if he is dead … hell, he hadn't even given the man a good death, a death with his men, behind the gun, with his team around him. If he were dead – and Don is still holding out for missing – then he'd died with another team, in another tank, with people who didn't know him. In war that was a certain kind of lonely. He thinks about saying something about continuing the fight in Boyd's honor, but it feels wrong, feels slimy and he has a feeling, with the death stares he is currently receiving, that it would be unwelcome at this juncture. He stares back at his men and their defeated forms; losing anyone was impossible, losing a piece of your crew was … and he'd really thought this crew would be it. Thought he'd be able to keep them together because they were the best, and they worked exceedingly well together. He realizes what a fool he is in that moment. \"We done?\" Grady says, shifting his weight, no doubt ready to get back to forgetting their – and undoubtedly not their last - first painful loss. \"We are.\" He says and it sounds like an awful way to end what they'd had as a team. They're loading up and waiting on their replacement gunner. He's late and Don's in a foul fucking mood. \"Sargent Collier?\" Don turns away from his crew, fully expecting his new gunner, his mouth setting into a tight line; he doesn't want to do this again. He is genuinely surprised when he turns to see an officer; his crew notices as well and the conversation just drops off. He can hear someone hop off the tank and land in the mud, come up just behind him. He doesn't say anything because he's pretty sure he knows what this is. Patriot's been MIA for two days now and with Easy passing through, he's got no doubt that they'd found the missing tank. The man swallows, his throat bobbing, before he speaks again. \"Sir, I am here to confirm that a Corporal Boyd Swan was under your command for Operation Sweep?\" The man says was and Don knows; he hears someone behind him swear and lash out at the tank, the silence filled only by the sound of a boot against metal. \"That's right.\" The man fumbles with a piece of paper and Don tilts his head; he is learning, quickly, to harbor some negative sentiments towards these field officers. No tact and cant remember a damn thing. \"Sir, we have word that Easy Company has located Sargent Hastings and his crew, along with Corporal Swan, who reported being separated from your crew during a bombardment –\" \"Reported? Who?\" Don cuts the man off because he isn't sure if he'd heard that wrong. \"Sir?\" The man looks up from his stupid, flimsy paper. \"Who reported that?\" Red steps up, saddling next to him and gesturing wildly. \"Corporal Swan?\" The fact that the man seems confused reveals the inexperience with field-war this man has; they'd been separated for days and he had approached the situation as if their missing man had told them he would just check back with them later. \"He's alive then?\" Don says, stepping forward and grabbing the paper from his hand. Gordo and Grady are suddenly next to him and the officer steps back, outnumbered. \"Y-yes, sir.\" Don would never be able to explain what he'd felt in that moment; relief sure as hell doesn't cover it and happy sounds more than lacking. \"Open with that next time, you stupid son'bitch.\" Grady looks like he's about to smack the man but he's smiling, and Don, hell, he hasn't yet seen anything like that from the man. \"C'mon vato, where is he? Shit!\" Gordo kind of shouts because he's been drinking since the bombardment. \"Easy Company drove 'em into intake; tank couldn't be salvaged but –\" They don't let the man finish; they brush by him and head towards intake – Grady whooping and Gordo shouting nonsense - like they've been told the wars over. They hear snatches on the way, hear that Patriot had been found ground out and de-tracked in a sand dune. That they'd waited in the desert for three days with little water and no food. That Easy Company had strolled by and offered them a lift, just like that. They hear those things and can't walk fast enough. He's sunburned and a little worse for wear, his lips are chapped and his eyes blood shot, he looks tired and he is covered head to toe in sand and small scrapes, but he's alive. Currently he's seated in a field tent on two stacked ammo crates, chugging a canteen of water. As they approach he dumps some on the back of his neck closing his eyes, the coolness no doubt soothing his reddened skin. Grady can't help himself as he pushes past them and even Don feels his face break into a wide grin. \"Boyd –\" The man looks up and Don can tell the situation had been just as stressful, just as nightmarish for him; his own face breaks into something built of overwhelming relief, \" – God sure does love you, you lucky, stupid, asshole – \" Grady says it with a smile and Boyd's eyes get all watery as he stands, takes in his crew, as the man comes at him, his finger wagging accusingly. \"We thought you was a dead man.\" He says as he gives the man a God-honest hug, the kind brothers would give, and it's a rough thing; he pounds the man on the back, even as he winces as it pulls at his sunburn. \"Thought the same of you, prayed you'd made it out –\" Boyd's smile turns down for a moment, pained; Don has no doubt the man had probably prayed enough for the entire platoon in those few days. Boyd looks like he might say more, but Gordo is suddenly on him, arm around his shoulder, putting the man in a near chokehold. \"Voy a matarte … oyes? Matarte …\" As Gordo says it Red is pulling him off, patting him on the shoulder, doing the same to Boyd after he manages to pull the Mexican away. \"Don't do that again. Don's been …\" Red gives him a grin as Boyd pats his arm and Boyd looks at the man in question; he huffs a relieved, desperate laugh. \"I believe I said fifteen minutes, Corporal.\" Don feels like he can breathe for the first time in days as he lands a hand on his gunner's shoulder. \"Sir, with all due respect,\" Don grins because he's missed the man; he missed his calm cadence and the way his expression fell so easily into something kinder and gentler than what the rest of them were capable of, \"that's the last time I go on a milk run for you.\" Don chuffs a laugh and puts a hand on the back of the man's neck, giving him a brief squeeze; Boyd looks so relieved, his shoulders dropping their tension, and Don feels borderline giddy. It's the most positive thing he's felt since before the war. \"C'mon. Let's get you something to eat. I suspect you've had a long couple of days.\" \"Long doesn't describe it, man.\" Grady huffs, remembering their own solemn days passed in silent grief and restless anger. \"You'll have to tell us about it. Later.\" Red says, eyeing the man from his peripheral; they all want to know what the fuck ad happened but know the man needs an hour or two to collect himself. \"Yeah.\" Boyd says, looking down, and Don can tell he's still feeling overwhelmed; he wraps his arms round the man's shoulder and leads him back to their tank, his crew whole again. \"Oh, and Boyd, remind me to find Hastings, later. Have to exchange some words with the man.\" Boyd laughs something earnest and, as they pass the fresh recruits and newly arrived trucks, the flurry of pre-deployment, Don feels more than lucky. \"Roger that.\" \"C\" will be coming up soon; hope you enjoyed :-) ","Summary":" The Great Unknown Known Summary: Still, the man is not what he'd been hoping for in a gunner. He's "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"In Arms","Author":"Cider Sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10793435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Arms At the end of the day they're not just a tank crew, they're brothers and brothers take care of each other. Or, five times Fury's crew took care of each other and the one time they couldn't. Author's Note: I don't imagine anyone will read this; I just couldn't help but write something about this painfully wonderful movie. These characters just grabbed me and demanded to be explored. If there are readers out there, I hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it. There's also no real point to this other than to explore the brotherhood between Fury's team. So, in term so plot, its all kind of connected yet disjointed. Slice of life, I suppose. Also, Red is the fifth member for some of these vignettes; I feel like Wardaddy mentioned him very briefly in the movie. If not, well, that's okay! Norman will make an appearance, of course, though it will be in only two of the chapters. a short prayer for the sick, part one \"Bible –\" The man in question winced against the way the comm crackled at the sudden intrusion of noise, \" - up top. You need fresh air.\" Fresh air sounded good, except he was wizened enough to know that on a hot summer day like this, the corpses and mud and excrement of war would reek something foul. No, he preferred the stuffy, humidity of the tank. Besides, with the way his limbs shook and the general weakness that had taken him, standing sounded a miserable venture. Boyd brought a shaky hand up to his face and pinched the bridge of his nose. He exhaled a breath and then wiped the back of his hand across his sweat soaked forehead. There was something to be said about taking ill in the midst of wartime, and on the frontlines at that. Misery on top of misery; so is war. But this, like any other trial, would pass. \"Bible,\" the tank commander's voice rose in a threatening lilt, \"don't make me send Grady.\" Bible stared ahead from his slumped position, at Grady's legs, his head spinning with each rattle that went through Fury's frame; he didn't know why the man couldn't let him lay in piece. Though he did. It was the man's way. A very specific brand of care and attention – mothering, even – that came out in orders and terseness. \"Man, you should listen,\" Gordo's voice rang clear, softer than Collier's; Boyd looked over towards his position; the man's back facing him as he drove, his head poking out of the hatch. He watched the driver's steady hands reaching blindly yet knowingly over the controls, \"it's hotter than hell in there.\" It was, true enough. But he was a Southern man and a little heat and humidity wasn't likely to get him too bothered, even if Fury had adopted its own swamp-like atmosphere. \"I'm just enjoyin' some peace and quiet for once. That's all.\" He said into the comm as he let his head fall back against the metal, his eyes shutting against a wave of nausea. \"Peace and quiet?\" Grady laughed through the comm line, \"Ain't gonna find that here, no sir, you hear that boys, peace and quiet –\" Boyd groaned; he wasn't likely to find such a thing until the war was over and his feet were on American soil. He longed for that day, more than anything. \"Easy, Gordo, up and over –\" Boyd sat up in an automatic response; despite his earlier plea for respite, he didn't quite like not being able to see what was coming once they were moving. No tank man did, though he figured if anyone was use to riding blind, it was Grady, who's position had him in constant movement within Fury. Boyd eased himself into his seat, stomach churning and muscles aching, and leaned into the periscope's sight. A mountain of rot lay before them, dead livestock piled high; a Nazi parting gift for farmers unwilling to relinquish their homestead and an effective roadblock for troops as they crossed the high ridge. Boyd sat back in his chair - he didn't need to see anymore – and held tightly to Fury's frame as she suddenly jerked upwards, mounting the heap of decay. The smell hit him rather immediately, marrying the jostled movements of the tank, and his already rolling stomach responded. He reached somewhat blindly for an empty ammo tin and as soon as it was in his hands he found himself retching. He could feel Red pat his boot as Grady laughed over the comm., saying something in a teasing tone; he was far too busy losing his stomach contents to register what it was. It certainly wasn't important, he was sure. Regardless, he bit out an apology, as was his way. \"Sorry –\" Boyd let out between bouts; he hadn't the presence of mind, or time , to turn off his comm. and they were all forced to listen to his sick. \"Leave him be, Grady.\" Collier split through his sick haze and Boyd found it the proper time to remove his helmet, to get the voices out of his ears, even if temporary. Fury dipped, demounting the fetid pile and God help him … Boyd buried his head deeper into the ammo tin. He wondered, briefly, if the Good Lord was going to see to it that he died of dehydration. It would probably be kinder than what was afforded to most. After some undetermined amount of time Fury rolled to a stop. Boyd fought the urge to groan from his place over the ammo tin. He had managed to close the lid but hadn't the energy to store it. Instead, he was leaned over the putrid thing, head bent miserably into his folded arms. He could at least spare a word of thanks to the Good Lord for not calling him to battle, as indisposed as he had been during this stretch of travel. \"Boyd –\" Don's voice broke through his dazed misery and he could feel movement behind him and then a hand on his shoulder. \"Now I know you know I don't like asking twice.\" There was no real bite to it, not like the way he got with Grady when the man just wasn't hearing him, which seemed often. \"No, sir.\" He said as he lifted his head, though he hadn't heard him the first time. The man's hand moved to the back of his neck. \"Come on.\" Boyd carefully placed the tin on the ground – he would deal with it later – and pushed himself out of the seat. His knees gave slightly but Don's strong arms were quick to steady him. \"I'm fine –\" He started, reaching a hand out to brace himself against Fury's frame, but Don wasn't impressed, his hand not moving from where it was, clenching the back of his jacket. \"I can see that.\" Don gave him a short sad smirk and a nod. One would think Grady or Gordo made the worst patients but it was, in truth, Boyd who had proven most difficult. He was quite good at looking over others but unusually terrible at minding his own health and person. Out of the five of them he was most likely to leave the tank, to walk into an active battlefield in search of the miserable and wounded; Don wouldn't say so, but he suspected the man had more faith than he ought to in His protection. That or … well, he didn't much care for the or. \"Hold on.\" the tank commander gave the man a pat on the back, making sure he was holding on to something as he climbed out of the hatch and then reached down, offering a hand. He watched as Boyd grabbed the rungs and planted his feet, and then reached up to grab his hand. He hoisted him up, allowing him to collect himself as he moved to sit on the lip of the hatch, feet dangling inside. \"It'll pass.\" And for once he can say it and mean it; he couldn't say the war would pass, or the grief. He couldn't say much about either. In a way it felt good to say something certain when he was surrounded by shit and shortened lives. Boyd looked up at him, his hair stuck up like a child's and his face a sickly grey, save for the fever flushing his cheeks. He didn't envy the man; he looked miserable – physically, mentally - in a place that was already unbearable. He eyed him for a moment, hating to see any one of his men suffer any more deeply than was permissible by war. Boyd stared back, wiping at his forehead before patting his jacket pocket, fishing out a cigarette. \"We waiting on orders?\" The gunner cleared his throat, attempting to remove the weakness from his speech. Don offered the man a light, which he accepted with a grateful nod. \"No, orders stand. We'll head for Falaise tomorrow.\" The tank commander surveyed the land before him, briefly, before turning back to his gunner. The man's brow furrowed slightly, the gesture deepening the hollows under his eyes. \"Tomorrow?\" They had meant to travel through the night and stop briefly to rest before dawn, when the light was most sparing. It was nearly night now, dusk even, and they hadn't more than three hours of land to cross. \"Krauts aren't going anywhere and the platoons been going four days now. We could all use the rest. Cartwright made the call.\" Don gestured towards the tank a hundred feet ahead of them; it too was at rest and the men had gratefully gathered at her tracks for a break. Boyd glanced down as though in rumination and then back up at him, his eyes bright with fever but unmistakably relieved. It was replaced rather immediately by guilt because, well, Boyd was a smart man and wouldn't approve. He opened his mouth to say something but Don was quick to cut him off. \"Come on, Reds making coffee and Gradys cooking something up.\" \"Cooking?\" Boyd looked up – it wasn't often they used their canned goods; they preferred to save them for miserable weather and dire situations; not hot summer days in relative 'peace'. \"His idea. Alright then, enough talk.\" Boyd flicked his half finished cigarette off the side of the tank and together they eased off Fury's frame, feet landing with a squelch in fresh mud. Don held on to the back of the gunner's jacket as they made their way somewhat slowly to the front of the tank where Grady, Gordo and Red had gathered. The man's feet moved unsteadily, catching in the mud, and he nearly tripped when the ground leveled out into firm, grassy purchase. \"Careful –\" Don hated seeing any of his men like this, hated knowing that should they be needed that he would put Bible behind that gun and expect him to perform, would be hard on him when he missed. He also knew, however, that the men held themselves to that standard. They all answered the call, regardless of the situation, and were incredibly reliable. Once Grady had spend a firefight loading with a dislocated shoulder and there had been more than one occasion where Gordo had driven with a concussion. Red and Bible had been burned by grease spills too many times to count and he himself had suffered enough shrapnel spray up top that he was rarely without a scratch or bruise. There was something particularly bothersome about Bible being out of commission. It probably had something to do with the fact that Bible was the comforting word when they were hurt or despondent. When it was him who was sick or injured, well, things got quiet, as if they knew they couldn't match Bible's calming comfort. Needless to say, he felt rather inadequate as he helped deposit the man onto the overturned bucket one of the others had set out for him. Don was keeping him upright and he was thankful for it; being forced into motion again had set into him that debilitating nausea and had the man let him be, he would have slept through the next few hours in Fury. \"Careful –\" The tank commander warned when he stumbled over the changed terrain. He nodded, though he was certain the gesture was imperceptible; he was always comforted by the man's quiet assistance, could depend on his nearly stoic strength. An overturned bucket was waiting for him and Boyd sat down gratefully assisted by Don's steady hold, the twenty-foot walk seemingly having exhausted him. \"Gentlemen,\" the sergeant said, giving them each a quick look, his way of taking inventory on the well being of his men, \"take it easy. I'm going to have a word with Cartwright.\" The man gave them a final nod and turned away, leaving them to their small fire. Boyd dipped his head in acknowledgement as their attention turned towards him, cigarette dangling between his lips. \"Hell, man,\" Grady said from his crouched position, stove clamps holding a can of beans in his hand, \"you do look like shit.\" The man said it as though they'd been discussing him; there was nothing for it, they probably had been. \"Still better looking than you, Coon-Ass –\" Gordo patted him on the back and Boyd closed his eyes against the ache it sent through his head. \"Hey, easy, now –\" He muttered, doing his best to look as though he was feeling at least slightly better than he did. Boyd watched as Grady tossed a rock at the other man, nearly forgetting the beans, dipping them briefly into the heart of the fire. \"Bible.\" Red pushed a mug into his hands; it was hot, comforting in a weird way, despite the near unbearable heat of his own body. Small comforts, he knew, and he was grateful for it. \"Thank you.\" Grady huffed at that because the man had a preoccupation with his use of the word, as though war should have cleansed him of general manners and gratitude. A short moment of quiet passed over them, the fire in the small iron pot crackling and filing the air with a smoke that was, for once, unrelated to war. \"Seriously, though. Grady's right, you don't look so good.\" He took a sip of coffee and winced at the bitterness; more than likely, it wasn't the best thing for an unsettled stomach. \"Best not be contagious –\" Grady said pointing a finger at him; kicked his booted foot at him but Bible knew the man meant nothing by it. They shared close quarters, sure, but he knew it was the man's own brand of concern. \"Jus' sayin', you don't want me droppin' one of them heavy shells on your head, Gordo, and all cause of the plague Bible's got - \" As he said it he looked up at him, his brow upturned in concern, his lip upturning in a small sneer as it often did when he was unhappy with something. \"It'll pass,\" he said, echoing Don's words because it was true; they'd all been sick or injured before while on deployment, \"just mind the beans, Grady.\" Grady, to his surprise, fell silent and turned his attention back to the can in front of him. The smell wasn't exactly appetizing, not after the ride he'd just had, but he wasn't about to pass it up, even though his stomach rolled when the wind brought the smell to him. He closed his eyes, hands around the mug, and let his mind drift; it followed the same tether it always did when he had a moment of respite. It drifted towards psalms and prayers, towards his too short days n the seminary and towards things lighter than this. He must have lost some time because suddenly Grady was there in front of him, crouched and handing him a tin bowl; a comparatively generous helping of beans steamed inside. \"Thank you, Grady.\" Again, the man huffed, a smirk playing on his lips. \"Don't start now.\" He warned, his words catching briefly on a cough. The man, when riled enough by those two words, would sometimes go off on a tangent, wondering what to be thankful for. Grady would then accuse him of preaching too much and Don would inevitably have to intervene when things got physical, which nowadays, happened more often than not. He had never been one for getting physical or rough but Grady, God help him, brought it out in him. He suspected the man enjoyed it. Instead. \"You're welcome.\" Grady said with a too wide smile; Bible wasn't a dumb man and knew it was a thing half formed in mocking but the other half, well, there was something sincere there. He couldn't help but give a small smile of his own, despite what followed. \"Thankful for a can a beans –\" He woke suddenly from his restless half sleep - the one he didn't realize he'd fallen into - to the sounds of retching. Not uncommon in wartime but still unpleasant. The source of the misery was no mystery to him and he only needed to look over a few paces from the tank to find the man. Boyd was leaned over, legs unsteady and hands resting on his knees as he bent over and spit into the mud and, more than likely, his lost dinner. \"Gordo –\" Don hissed down at the man laid out on the tarpaulin almost immediately the man was sitting up, looking up at him and ready to move. \"Dig out the salts; see if anyone can spare some fresh water.\" They had used the last of theirs over dinner and coffee and had had one of their larger reserves punctured by a stray piece of shrapnel that had been sent their way by an exploding tank. The man didn't need to be asked twice, rarely did in fact, and moved quickly, giving their waylaid brother a quick glance as he climbed into Fury. Don hopped off the tank and made his way over to the swaying figure, his hand landing tentatively on his back; to his credit the man flinched, ready to fight, before understanding and releasing the tension in his shoulders. \"Going for a walk?\" Don said, his voice filled with some small humor, or at least that's what it sounded like; he wasn't sure what it really was anymore. The man didn't answer. \"Bible.\" He tried, his voice low, his tone similar to the one he used over the comms. If anything, it demanded attention. \"Yes, sir. Saw 'em, just checkin - \" Boyd's accent was thicker than usual; the man spat once more before straightening and Don tried to catch his eye, his own gaze narrowing in suspicion. \"Good man.\" Don's suspicions of delirium were confirmed when he caught the man's terribly glossy gaze, the way he blinked slowly as though half asleep. \"No, sir.\" He didn't know what the man had meant, until suddenly he did and it made him hold a little tighter to the man's jacket. \"Ain't a good man. Done too much killin',\" his voice was utterly broken and far too intentional; it sounded like a confession he'd had brewing for a long time, something he'd become familiar with, \"done too much –\" The war had frayed them all; they'd all become something else throughout the years, had undergone transformations that had left them scarred and hanging on by threads. This was new, even to him, and it was something that had been lying in deep wait. It made him sick. \"Enough of that.\" He said in a tone that was hard to argue with, though he knew if anyone could argue with him, successfully, it was Bible. \"This isn't you talking.\" It was the fever because it had to be; Don wouldn't accept otherwise. \"'M a sinner, Don.\" The man's eyes are red, welling with the impossible sorrow he knew lay within them all. His grip tightened again and that fire that burned inside him raged. It was the thing that came out whenever he saw a Kraut, the thing that kept him calm and true in the heat of battle. \"God forgives all, you know that.\" It felt wrong to be the one preaching, and to a man they called Bible , but the words came easily because, when it came to this man, he believed them. He pushed the ailing man into a sitting position, back on the tarpaulin, Grady shifting slightly on the other end. \"Nothin' can clean away what I've done.\" He said it with conviction and it sounded damning, like the men that stood on podiums and cursed your soul as you walked by. \"Done too much –\" The man muttered to himself and Don could do was put his around the man's shoulders; it was bullshit that this was all he could offer as the man shook with whatever had made him so ill, as he stared ahead, eyes burning with images only he could see. \"Top.\" Gordo called out as he approached, a water tin with Murder Inc. scrawled on the side in one hand and an army issue package of hydrating salts in the other. \"Gordo? He get 'r started?\" He was grateful for Gordo's appearance; if anything it had broken the fevered man's train of thought. Hearing the man explore his fracturing faith was enough to shake his own resolve and he didn't need that, couldn't afford it. \"Started, man, what –\" Gordo trailed off as he took in Boyd's appearance, sweat trailing down his temples and his gaze cloudy and altered. \"Gordo, get those in him. Did you see Harrison on your walk?\" He fished a rag out of his back pocket – it was as clean as any other they'd find – and gestured for the water, pouring some over the rag and, without bothering to ring it out, slapping it on the back of his gunner's neck. The man's only reaction was to dip his head a bit lower, in what the tank commander hoped to be relief. \"Yeah, he's down with Lucy Sue – \" Gordo took the water back, intent on preparing the OHS and frowned, \"we're heading out at dawn; he gonna be okay to move?\" \"I'm fine, Gordo –\" The man surprised them both and they both turned their heads to look at him, trying to judge if the comment had been born of true lucidity or habit. He didn't say anything further, didn't move, didn't do anything; Don wasn't willing to call it lucidity but he had some hope. \"We'll get him there.\" They didn't have an option. They didn't have the luxury of travelling with an outfit as grand as a battalion; they were first defense, first to move, first to scout and lay the path. It was just the tanks, a jeep and a handful of men on foot; they hardly had a field hospital on hand. His best bet was to find Harrison - the primary medic in their platoon - and get what he could to set his gunner right and get him back on his feet. He left Boyd to Gordo, giving the gunner a final pat on the back; he thought about mentioning the brief conversation he'd managed with the man, thought about warning Gordo, but he didn't want to repeat it. Didn't want it to be heard again. If he did, it might just break him. Thank you for reading; part two will be up soon and then onto Wardaddy. Thanks again :-)[Chapter 2] In Arms A/N: Thank you all so much for reading and a special thank you to JM Ramos, Cookiecoolcat, cchickki, bbella13, Rita, Kurochan12, valix22 and SiriusDancer for taking the time to let me know what you think. It is very appreciated and helps make me write faster! I hope you enjoy the second chapter! a short prayer for the sick, part II Harrison had given what he could, which wasn't much – a single IV and a fever reducer – but it had cleared the dullness in the man's eyes and had put him back on his feet. Cleared for duty, Harrison had said, his voice morose and sounding more appropriate for the delivery of terrible news. They both knew it was a generous assessment. After that Harrison had hung his head in that way they all do and wished them luck. Don nodded because there wasn't much for it and it was better than nothing. They were on the move and they couldn't break ranks. They couldn't turn back and there was nowhere to send the sick or injured. It was just the nature of war and his men were the instruments. They, like hundreds before them, would succumb – during or after, it never mattered when - and war would push their bodies aside, uncaring and faceless. Still, even as Boyd came back to himself, even as he pushed that haunted look away, even as Don tried to convince himself that they were indeed just tools of destruction, the man's fevered words echoed in Don's head like gunfire. He held tight to the comm. and scanned the trampled vineyard to his left and the woods to his right and pushed it away for later, just as he did with anything that made him feel human. Fear, regret, worry, those had no place in war. He ordered the tank forward and tried to forget that it was in these moments that he hated himself the most. Grady watched Bible and the way his foot bounced up and down; shoot, if they hadn't been riding together for the past two years it would make him nervous. It looked like his foot would just jump right up and tap that petal, sending one of those heavy ass shells towards nothing. They were a team, he figured, him and Bible. He loaded the gun and Bible pulled the trigger. Yes sir, a team; because of that they knew each other's habits, and he knew that Bible did that when he was stressed and when the odds were against them. Usually the man sat there and read, or smoked and most often did his best to ignore him. It had started out annoying, being ignored, but had quickly turned into a way to pass time; Grady had very early on learned the small joy of provoking him into what was some stimulating conversation. Hell, the man thought Hitler was saved and that he and Jesus were just as good of buddies as he and Bible. Grady knew it weren't true but he wasn't one to turn down entertainment. But he wasn't doing any of those things now, save for the ignoring him. He was leaned over, one eye closed, as he peered down the periscope. Every so often he'd reach up and wipe sweat from his temples and forehead, looking positively green. \"Bible –\" He hissed at the man; when they were on the move it was just the two of them, with Wardaddy up top and Gordo and Red's heads poked out of their hatches like prairie dogs. If they whispered, they'd found, the others couldn't hear them all that well over Fury's constant noise-making. It sounded juvenile, probably was, but they'd found that out in the beginning, back when they'd been relatively fresh. They'd spent the first month of deployment together … riling each other up; he figured that was the best word for it. He couldn't say a damn word about nothing - killing, fucking, drinking – not a word because his gunner just had to be the most uppity, God-lovin' son of a bitch in the whole army. He couldn't go a sentence without the man calling him depraved, and likewise, he couldn't stop touching the gunner, poking him, trying to get a physical rise. Needless to say, Collier hadn't taken kindly to it, had kicked at him, telling him to shut his mouth while scuffing the back of Bible's helmet; a fluid all at once movement that had left them feeling like stupid kids. \"Bible –\" He threw a spent shell at the man and hell, he flinched something fierce. Images swam through the periscope - lines, dots, starbursts – all things he knew to be in his probably fevered head, but at least he was feeling significantly less nauseous and significantly less confused. He'd been out of it that morning, apparently, and honestly didn't remember much. He didn't even really remember really climbing into Fury. Though that wasn't right. Harrison had stopped by, that he knew. He remembered a pinch in the crook of his arm and the bitter taste of medicine. God awful stuff, really. From the way his bones ached he could tell it was like putting a piece of gauze on a bullet wound. \"Bible –\" Grady hissed from his left side but he didn't turn. He had just gotten used to looking through the scope. Changing scenery would surely set him back. \"Bible –\" Grady threw something at him and he flinched; the movement sending waves of discomfort through him. \"What, Coon-Ass?\" He said, sounding about as short as he could. \"Jus' makin' sure you weren't asleep.\" He knew full well when the man was trying to get a rise out of him and this wasn't it; his voice sounded genuine, despite the fact that he clearly hadn't been sleeping. He ventured a look back at the man and he wasn't smiling. He looked worried. \"How many fingers 'm I holdin' up.\" He was holding up three fingers and he looked dead serious, as though it were a reliable diagnostic tool for whatever he was looking for. \"Three, Grady.\" He said it as though it was the most tiring thing he's ever done. He could see fine, in a way; he wasn't seeing double, not anymore. He just couldn't clear, his eyes tracing shadows and flecks that were a precursor to unconsciousness. It felt a lot like falling asleep. \"Just checkin'.\" He said looking only slightly less upset and it was a strange thing to see; but then again, it had been a while – if you could count two months a while – since one of them had been laid out or in a bad way. And he was, he supposed; was willing to admit it now that he could really feel the pull of exhaustion and was bordering on being out of commission. A liability. \"Ok, boys, look alive.\" Grady moved back into position, strong hands ready to load and Bible peered back into the periscope. It brought forth a small rush, focusing his vision and steeling his will; he needed to perform for his team. He said a brief internal prayer, asking for strength and the protection of his team. Falaise was no more than half a mile away; he just had to hold out for a little while longer. There were a few unknowns on the way but he responded to Don's requests, turning the turret right, left and center. Remarkably they made it to Falaise without an issue and were just now entering the surprisingly intact village. It was very quiet and that never settled well with any of them; there were nights where they were all kept up by silence and would only fall asleep when they could hear the rattling of gunfire in the distance. It was the same in battle – silence put them on edge more than anything else could. And then there it was – the sound of an explosion, a detonated grenade. He could hear the men outside yelling, from behind. \"Bible, 180 –\" His hands landed on the power traverse and hell, if it weren't slow. They spun at what felt like an agonizing pace and finally they were facing a clock tower. He didn't take as much time as he should because if he had the image never would have stopped its strange sloping movement. \"On one!\" Bible yelled into the comm, his head pounding in response and his vision wavering; he blinked multiple times as he peered down the periscope. When he was sure the shot was lined up, he tapped the pedal – Fury did as expected, rocketing the shell towards the target with painfully loud machinations and Grady too did as he was expected, grabbing another shell and hastily preparing it, last round sent and forgotten. They did as expected but he did not. The round flew off into the distance and disappeared; there was not telling where it would go. He blinked, looking again, hoping, but the tower was still in tact. He could see the flash of a scope catching the sun, a crack of gunfire and then Don's knees planting themselves in his back. \"Don!\" He called out, sending panic throughout the tank; his stomach dropped and it was pure miserable desperation, a need to know he man was okay that had him pulling his attention from the periscope. He turned right into Don's unhappy – albeit slightly stunned - gaze; there was a tuff of cottony material poking out from his helmet and the goggles had fallen off. The relief over his realization that his mistake hadn't cost the man his life was immense. \"A graze, keep your head, Bible!\" The man grabbed at the back of his helmet, forcing him to turn his attention back towards his job. The whole thing cost them no more than two seconds but he knew how long that translated to in war. The man could have destroyed a tank in that time, could have called in information to his battalion. Fury's hull sounded with gunfire and the whistle of a rocket came and went, surely a near hit. \"Damnit, Bible, I need you to perform. Again!\" Don smacked the back of his helmet. He changed his aim, lowering the turret, his foot bouncing in anticipation, sweat dripping down his back and he called out to Grady who had already been in motion. \"Grady!\" His heart was hammering uncomfortably in his chest; he missed, sometimes, when tanks were moving, but he usually didn't miss by this large of a margin and not when it was a building. \"Loaded!\" As soon as he heard the man's voice he tapped his foot against the pedal and this time, thank God, he hit his target. The once beautiful tower exploded, sending rubble to the street. He didn't have anytime to spare a word of thanks to anyone – Don for getting his head on straight, the good Lord for not calling Don at that particular moment, whatever power was keeping him conscious - as Don was in his ear again; he was shouting at Red and Gordo to get them moving and Fury lurched with a miserable heave. \"Bible, 50 degrees right –\" It was luck that had him moving the turret just before the man spoke; his instincts and muscle memory were kicking in, responding to Fury's movements. \"I see it, I see it –\" It was a two men team attempting, with haste, to reload a rocket launcher; they had managed to hunker down behind a massive slab of upturned brick and soil, their heads bobbing up and down as they worked. Red and Gordo couldn't hit them, despite their best efforts, and Fury would ground out in the massive pit that separated them should they attempt to just try and run them over. As he lowered the turret, an uneven spray of gunfire hit the thick glass of his periscope with loud, resonating thunks ; he flinched back as his vision once again swam. \"Come on man, get 'em!\" Grady hit his shoulder, hard; he did that sometimes, when he was stressed, when he could sense that whatever was going on outside wasn't good. A moment later he was lined up – just as the man with the launcher was moving into firing position - and his foot hit the pedal. The round didn't have far to travel and it was only a millisecond after discharge that the damn thing exploded, filling his periscopic view with bright white light. \"They're down.\" Don said, voice weary, into the comm.; it had been a close call. They wouldn't have been the first tank taken down by a rocket launcher. At that range luck wouldn't have had any bearing on the outcome. They would've popped open, flames and all, just like that. There was no sound through the comm. and Boyd realized that Don must have been communicating with the rest of the platoon; he had no doubt that the previously innocuous looking town had been razed to the ground in those past minutes. He took a deep, ragged breath in a vain attempt to stop the irritating quake in his hands. His heart was beating erratically in his chest and the terrible lightheaded feeling from before was back, quickly robbing him of his senses. He was pretty sure Gordo was looking at him. He knew Grady was looking at him because the man was sat only a foot from him, close enough that he could feel him breathing; Red was the only one who knew when best to mind his own and a glance confirmed he was staring straight ahead at nothing, cigarette dangling between two fingers. \"Okay, boys; park her next to Murder Inc.\" The engine revved and Boyd kept his gaze on his feet. He wasn't ready, at that particular moment, to face what was understandably written across their features. He'd nearly gotten them killed, after all. The adrenaline that had assisted him through the battle – the same that had in all its divinity kept him from getting his team killed – left as soon as they rolled to a stop. \"Bible –\" It was Gordo who was speaking to him. Though, through the warbling in his ears he couldn't really tell. It could've been Grady, though the man, historically, was louder than that. He moved to stand but didn't get far because Fury was cramped and it took some finesse to navigate her. Instead he found himself tipping sideways as he reached out for a beam he had been certain was there. It wasn't – it was a good foot to his left – and his hand met empty air. The rest of him was quick to follow. Hands grabbed at him, but the angle was awkward; Fury's dirty iron deck came up fast to meet him and was unforgivingly hard. Gordo had never seen Bible miss that badly; claro , he missed on occasion, when Fury and everything else was moving something fast, but a building? No, nunca. It made him angry, the kind of angry that made you see red and made your heart race. The kind that made him get in fights and throw sloppy shit punches. But he wasn't angry at Bible. No, he was angry at Don and Harrison, at war, too, he guessed. He had sat with the man while Don had run off to get him sorted; he had sat there and listened to him talk about the evil in him while he tried to make the man drink those terrible hydration salts, helped him poner parches. He had been half delirious himself, with drink, and he couldn't deal with that. Bible knew him, knew his own faith wavered on occasion; knew that with each bullet, each drink, each day he lost a bit of himself. The man knew he had gone into battle sober once and then, after that, never again, despite his earnest attempts to keep him from the bottle. But in that moment, Bible hadn't been himself; he hadn't been, because Bible knew that his own faith was what supported Gordo's and – chingados , if he weren't a selfish asshole – Bible wouldn't have confided in him, not about this. Gordo had sat, had listened, because Bible was as good as a brother to him, but it had hurt him deep. Bible was as good as his spiritual foundation, his spiritual cement, in a way; all he had been able to do was throw an arm around him, toe at the mud and tell him to hush. Now they sat in silence as they waited for Don's orders; the sounds of battle were farther away and he figured they were setting to regroup. Red lit a cigarette beside him, minding his own, staring at that picture of his girl, while he turned around to look at their gunner. The man's hands were shaking and he was in the middle of a staring match with the floor. He looked worse than he had that morning and he had no doubt that the battle hadn't done him any favors. \"Okay, boys; park her next to Murder Inc.\" Don brought his attention back to Fury and he got her going again; the trip was short and he was glad for it. They all needed to get their heads back on straight. He took a deep breath, hand gravitating towards the near empty bottle at his feet; he stopped, however, an inch short, and instead turned around. The bottle could wait. \"Bible –\" Gordo said, intending to check in; the man hadn't said a damn word in a while and neither had Don or Grady. Grady, too, was looking at the man but in the way someone looked at something they were unsure of. Finally the man moved, pushing himself off the gunner's chair in a way that looked pained and uncomfortable. The motion paled him considerably and Gordo watched as he tried, and failed to steady himself; Gordo called out to Grady just as Bible passed out. Grady responded, grabbing at his jacket awkwardly, but was unable to catch him fully; they both went down with a loud thump. The turret basket was suddenly crowded as Don dropped down – he'd been on the radio and now the thing was dangling by its wire into the tank, moving back and forth, completely forgotten. \" Puta madre –\" Gordo grunted as Red moved beside him, accidentally kicked him square in the jaw, as he popped his hatch and leapt out, calling for a medic. The medic arrived just as they managed to manhandle Boyd out of the tank and onto the ground. Grady was patting the man's cheek, coaxing him to wake up – \"come on, man, wake up, come on you Bible-thumpin' sonnuva-bitch–\" – but wasn't getting anywhere. The man was out. \"He hit?\" The medic fell to his knees, his pack already open and ready to be used, gauze poking out, some of it stained with small spots of red. The man hesitated, unable to find a wound and Don spoke up from where he was kneeled, opposite of Grady. \"No, ain't hit. Been sick.\" The man looked up at Don but the tank commander's gaze was fixed on the gunner's face; the medic put his hand on the gunner's neck feeling for his pulse, pulled a lid back and checked his pupil. \"How long?\" The medic glanced behind him, Gordo paced back and forth, watching. The medic took Boyd's hand, pinched the skin on the back. \"Two days, about.\" Don said, though he couldn't know when he'd started feeling unwell; the man never would have said anything. None of them would have, \"Took in an IV this morning, hydrating salts, too.\" \"Nah, he threw those up on the way here –\" Grady said; Don frowned. It was news to him. \"Well, he's dehydrated, no doubt about that. Malnourished,\" he said it as though it were a given because, well, it was; they were all malnourished, \"got a good fever.\" \"His pulse is thready, erratic, probably from dehydration and a little bit of heat stroke.\" As he said it he wiped sweat from his own brow, as though his words only just reminded him of the horrific heat. Don looked over at the Sherman and cursed himself. The thing was a fucking oven. He should have made him ride up top, should have dragged his ass up there instead of allowing him to wallow in the hellish, metallic heat. The man then put his hand on Bible's chest, waited for a moment, and sighed. \"Breathings shallow.\" Dehydration, again, Don knew. It was a really sneaky killer; he remembered, back in basic, how they tried to drill that into them. Keep hydrated. Take in more than you lost. It was rule number one of basic human survival. \"Ok, so? What the hell we do?\" Grady spat, impatient and not liking the man's assessment. Don didn't blame him. He didn't like it much either. He'd pushed the man – hadn't much choice, sure – and now here before him were the consequences. He'd thoroughly run the man into the ground. \"He needs more fluids. A lot of more.\" As he said it he pulled a glass jar of saline solution from his bag, along with a yellow tube and a mean looking needle. He rolled up Boyd's sleeve, revealing a bruise from that morning's IV in the crook of his elbow; it didn't stop him. He slid the needle in, taped it down and handed Grady the bottle and then looked to Don. \"He needs to stay off his feet. You don't want this getting worse.\" He said it flat and monotone, his voice dropping because they all knew that wasn't an easy thing to do. \"They're setting up triage in the church,\" the man turned and pointed down the street, from where he had come. \"Bring him there; I'll check in. Sargent.\" He gave Don a nod and supervised as Don and Grady lifted the limp man upwards, to his feet though he was incapable of supporting himself, before turning back towards the church. \"Gordo, Red, check and repair. Took some dings back there. Meet us at the church when you're done.\" Don said as he shifted his weight; he could feel the heat of Boyd's fever through his clothes. It made him nervous. \"Hell, Top –\" The man didn't get to finish. \"Come on, Gordo.\" Red said, pulling at Gordo; Don was grateful for that, the man rarely argued and had much cooler head than their driver. The two men turned away, Gordo reluctantly, and Don and Grady turned, stumbling a little as they tried to find an even pace and steady footing. \"Fuck.\" Grady spat as they dragged the man between them, his left hand clenching the glass bottle the medic had handed him. \"Shoulda been watchin' him better.\" \"Quiet, Grady.\" Don hissed over Boyd's bowed head; he wasn't in the mood. Not even a little. \"You was ridin' him too hard.\" Grady's voice picked up, the man near shouting into Boyd's ear, but the man was well and truly out and didn't so much as stir. \"Goddamnit, I'm not going to do this with you right now.\" This was Grady's way he got overwhelmed. In battle he could be counted on, was reliable as hell, but before and after saw him changed and full of fear; full of anger. They were all used to his outbursts by now but damn if they didn't annoy the fuck out of him. The man huffed, disgust catching in his throat; Don knew if they hadn't been carrying Boyd he probably would have lashed out. He would've welcomed it, probably; their spirits were as low as could be and he was done with this fucking day. \"Bible is gonna love wakin' up to this –\" Grady said as they laid Bible down in a pew, his feet hanging into the aisle. In the pew across from them was a dying boy – bullet to his femoral, or so the man standing over him said. The church wasn't anything special. Most of the stained glass had been blown out and the pulpit had been torn to the ground; the sounds of the wounded echoed off its high ceilings and it was dark. Still, Boyd would appreciate it, would find beauty in it. He squeezed the man's hand, looked around, and tried to understand. Red and Gordo joined them a few hours later, reporting the damage and repairs before take a seat in the pew in front of the one Bible and Don were occupying; Grady was seated in the pew behind them, slouched over, arms dangling between Boyd and Don. They stayed like that for a long while. Boyd came to slowly as each muscle awoke one by one; each one felt sore, sticky, even. His head ached terribly but he was thinking clearly, even with the slight ring in his ears. He tried his best to open his eyes but it was a slow battle; after what seemed like a good and long while, he managed to pry his heavy lids open. Don was leaned over him; the corner of his lips lifted very slightly, though you could hardly call it a smile. \"Damn. I owe Grady twenty.\" Don sighed; the man seemed to owe everyone in the army twenty. \"Though you wouldn't be up 'till morning.\" \"'M sorry –\" Don frowned, misunderstood. It was the first thing that came to Boyd's mind because if he remembered anything with frightening clarity it was missing that sniper's perch and Don getting shot right in the helmet. \"Messed up.\" Don gave him a hard look and shook his head. \"No. you got 'em. Did just fine.\" Don said, all matter of fact-like; he supposed it should have bee comforting but he remembered the way Don had looked at him, remembered the silence after. \"You know how this speech goes, Boyd.\" Don's voice was calm, subdued; Boyd hadn't been expecting that. He'd been expecting an earful. \"You wrote it.\" Boyd let out an airy breath, something akin to a laugh. He knew what he meant; he couldn't count the times he had to drag Don down from his tower of needless guilt. He was too tired, too exhausted , to drag Don and himself through that process, for for now he let it go. It would come back later, sure enough, but for now … Boyd blinked owlishly, fatigue pulling at him, and glanced around. He couldn't see much but what he could see was interesting. \"Where are we?\" Don smiled for real this time, an honest smile. \"Looks like the good Lord watches over his own.\" Boyd's brow furrowed briefly. \"A church?\" He realized that must be it; he was laid out in a pew. Imagine that. \"Yep. A nice one.\"Don said without any commitment; Bible couldn't help a small smile. He had no doubt the man felt no more interest in it than he would a barn. \"Well, I'll be.\" Don nodded and gave his shoulder a pat before reaching over towards a pot of coffee he hadn't known was brewing. Don poured him a cup and told him to drink. They don't talk about him being sick. They don't need to. The company stayed in Falaise for two days and it was just enough to get Boyd back on his feet, even with Grady poking at him when he was trying to rest and with Gordo trying to get him to eat some god-awful mix of rice and canned meat he'd cooked up in an empty ammo tin. The exhaustion would take some time to ebb away and leave him for good, but when they roll out and do their comm. check, and he hears their voices, all of them alive , Boyd feels his hear lift a little. It feels a little bit like going home. Thank you for reading, as always! ","Summary":" In Arms At the end of the day they're not just a tank crew, they're brothers and brothers take care"},{"Movie":"Now and Then","Title":"Now and Then 2: Before and After","Author":"Flame Haze of Eternal Light","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1477528","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Now and Then 2nBy Phoenix Chapter 1 - High School 1st Year At the beginning of their first year Roberta, Chrissy, Teeny and Samanthanarrived to school, they went to their lockers, they took out their books,nand went to their first class, Roberta and Chrissy were together in Math,nand Samantha and Teeny were together in Biology.nSamantha and Teeny sat together, on Samantha's right side, there was a boynthat she noticed was looking at her and then looked away, Teeny noticed itnas well. - \"Wow, first day and already an admirer Samantha, good for you\", Samanthanturned to Teeny, while she was looking at the boy, and grabbed her face andnturned her head around. - \"Don't look at him Teeny\" - Samantha said while opening her notebook, andnreaching for her pencil, but dropped it and fell right in the boy's side,nhe picked it up, but didn't give it to her right away, instead he tore anpiece of paper and wrote something in it, and wrapped it around the pencil,nthen he gave it to her. Teeny looked at the pencil and impatiently whispered to Samantha, - \" Opennit!\"- She unwrapped the piece of paper and read it, hiding it from Teenynwho just glared at Samantha and turned around, she began reading the paper,n\"Hey, how are you?, the name's Raphael, I'm from New Mexico, can you tellnme your name?\", She blushed a bit but tried to hide it, she then wrote,n\"I'm Samantha\", she folded the paper and threw it beside him. He picked it up, Teeny saw Samantha who tried not to blush, and shennoticed, she knew Samantha maybe too well, probably even more than Samanthanknew herself, then she realized that no one had ever made her blush,nspecially a guy. Samantha was all nervous, she didn't know what to do, forna guy had never been interested in her, she began thinking a millionnthings, like she always did, she thought that she wouldn't know what to donif he asked her out, she had never gone out on a date with anyone, but shenwas also curious to see what happened, Teeny giggled when she looked at hernfriend who was all nervous, she put her hand on Samantha's shoulder. - \"Hey girl, what did he write?\" - Teeny asked, Samantha looked down wherenshe found another piece of paper. - \"Wait Teeny, I think he wrote something again\" - Samantha said. - \"Well let me read it with you\" - Teeny took the paper from Samantha'snhand and unfolded it, \"Can you meet me after school, just to talk and getnto know each other?\", Teeny giggled and looked at Samantha. - \"Well, what are you going to say to him?\" - Teeny asked. Samantha just shook her head. - \"I don't know, what do you think I should do? Or better yet what wouldnyou do?\" - Samantha asked. - \"Well, judging by his looks, I would definitely say yes, but I think thatnin your case, you should meet him, but try not to look easy, guys love itnwhen you just say yes and they could use you for their evil purposes, Inknow! Tell him that you've got other things to do, but that probably younwill meet him after school\"- Teeny said while Samantha wrote the message onnthe paper, then she threw it to Raphael, he picked it up and opened it,nSamantha saw Raphael smile while he read the paper, so she smiled as well. Teeny noticed the smile on Samantha's face, and she giggled. Meanwhile Roberta and Chrissy were talking in Math class as usual. - \"What am I gonna do Crissy, Scott is here and is now sitting next to me\"n- Roberta said. Chrissy turned around facing Roberta and saw Scott, she glared a little andnturned to Roberta again. - \"He likes you, but why do you keep getting nervous when he's near, andndon't forget he's a Wormer and above all he is the enemy\" - Chrissy said. Roberta looked at Scott briefly, and when she did, Scott looked at her toonand smiled at her, she returned him the smile for a second and looked away,nChrissy OF COURSE noticed. - \"You see you're dying for Scott Wormer\" - Chrissy said and Roberta glarednat her. - \"I am not\" - Roberta protested but Chrissy said it again. - \"You are\". Roberta glared again at Chrissy and said. - I'm not, and if you don't shut up I'll break your nose\". The Bell rang and the class was over, the four girls went to the school'sncafeteria, Roberta realized that Samantha was too nervous, Chrissy noticednit too. - \"What's wrong Samantha, you're shaking\" - Roberta asked, and by the timenshe finished her question, Samantha spilled her coke. Teeny looked at Roberta and Chrissy. - \"Ok, I'll tell you the story, Samantha met a guy in biology class, cutenas hell, he slipped her a piece of paper and asked her if they could meetnafter school to get \"Aquainted\" \" - Teent said to them in a low voice,nRoberta looked at Samantha who grabbed her hair and put it behind her ears. - \"So, what did you say to him?\" - asked Roberta, Samantha looked up tonRoberta. - \"I said I would probably meet him after school\" - Samantha replied,nChrissy seemed surprised but happy, because Samantha finally found a guynthat was interested in her. - \"And, is he good looking?\" - Chrissy asked and Samantha nodded - \"AndnWhat's his name?\" - she asked again. - \"His name is Raphael, he's from New Mexico\" - Samantha replied, they werenall surprised, Teeny looked at Samantha and said sarcastically. - \"Well this is very good, you'll have your very own latin lover\" -nSamantha turned quickly to face Teeny and said. - \"Shut up Teeny, don't make fun of him\" - Teeny turned around and grabbednher coke, then she replied. - \"Oh come on, I'm not making fun, but really Sam, this is the first timenI've ever saw you shaking and blushing because of a guy, and I'm justnsaying that you should go out with him, he really seems to like you, so whyndon't you give him a chance and give yourself a chance, I promise you won'tnregret it\". Samantha thought about what Teeny said, it could be fun for her to go outnfor the first time on a date.nShe thought about Raphael in every class, she hardly stayed focused on thenclass, and to make matters worse Raphael was with her in every class butnone, in Spanish, that's when she realized that maybe Raphael could be helpnher pass that class, but she felt kind of sad of not having him on thatnclass. Teeny and Roberta were on Spanish class together, and with them wasnRaphael, Teeny pointed Raphael out for Roberta, and Roberta felt likensending him a message to him, she tore a piece of paper from her notebooknand wrote a message, she folded it and threw it to him, Raphael unfoldednthe piece of paper and read it, \"I'm Roberta, Samantha's my friend, and Injust want to warn you one thing, if you hurt her I'll beat the shit out ofnyou\", Raphael chuckled, he then wrote his own message to Roberta and threwnit to her, she unfolded the paper and read it, \"Don't worry Roberta, that'snnot gonna happen, I like Samantha seriously, ever since I saw her\", Robertanlooked at Raphael and whispered to him. - \"Ok latin boy, you're warned\". The bell rang and Samantha saw Raphael waiting in the garden for her, shentold herself to calm down and just talk to him; she walked up to him,nRaphael looked at her and smiled, Samantha smiled back at him and satnbeside him, then she looked around, just to see if Roberta, Teeny andnChrissy weren't around, she saw the coast was clear, so she looked at himnand before she could say anything Raphael said. - \"So, how was your first day?\" - Samantha looked at him and said. - \"Oh, fine, it was great and yours?\" - Raphael closed a notebook he hadnand put it inside his backpack, then he looked at Samantha. - \"Well it was going pretty bad until I met you, you made my day\" -nSamantha was about to blush, but she managed to hide it and just smiled atnhim, then she said. - \"Well I'm glad I could help you there, but ok, tell me about you... sonyou're from New Mexico, how did you get here?\" - when she finished hernquestion Raphael looked down and replied. - \"My dad left my mom when I was twelve, when that happened I had to go tonwork, I started of as a delivery boy for a news paper, then I went to worknon a movie theater selling popcorn but I resigned, so I started singing innrestaurants and it turned out to be my best job ever since, but my mom wasnpromoted but one of the conditions was that we moved here, so she came andngot the job, and bought a house and we moved here two weeks ago, and whatnabout you, tell me something about you\" - Samantha was impressed, Raphael'snstory was very much like hers, so she said. - \"My story was a lot like yours, my dad left my mom when I was twelve too,nI tried to find a job, but my mom told me she would take care ofneverything, and she has, so I've just have been dedicating my self to studynand my friends\" - Raphael looked at Samantha, and then he looked at hisnwatch, then he said. - \"At what time do you have to get home?\". - \"At three, because my mom starts her second shift at three thirty\" -nSamantha said while smiling at him. - \"Well it's almost three, do you mind if I walk you home?\" - Raphaelnasked. - \"No, I don't mind, it's actually not very far from here\" - Samantha said,nthey both stood up and walked to her house. To be continued...[Chapter 2] Sorry for taking this long I know you might not like this chapter but Inswear the next one will be better and longer I know you deserve it. Now And Then 2: Before and After Chapter 2 - Samantha in Love After arriving at her house, Samantha invited Raphael in and he said yes,nSam saw the house was very clean she thought her grandmother had been therenwhile she was at school, she went to the kitchen and found a note and moneynon it, the note read: \"I'll be back at 10:00, order pizza\". - \"Figures\" - Sam said in an angry tone of voice. -\"What's wrong Samantha?\" - Raphael asked. - \"Nothing don't worry\" - Samantha said. - \"Well I better get going\" - Raphael said but Samantha replied. - \"Do you want to stay for dinner?\". - \"I don't wanna trouble you\" - Raphael said. - \"It's ok, besides my sister's at a friend's house, and I don't wanna eatnpizza alone\" - Samantha said trying not to blush. - \"Alright sure I'll stay then\" - Raphael replied smiling at her. Samantha went to the kitchen to pick up the phone and Raphael sat in thenliving room waiting for her, she dialed the number for the pizza place andnjust when she ordered and gave the adress to her house she was surprised tonhear a familiar voice. - \"Samantha is that you?\" - the girl said. - \"Teeny? Did I miss dialed?\" - Samantha asked rather perplexed. - \"No Sam, you got it right I just started here today, you know many greatnactresses start in places like this\" - Teeny said. - \"Alright then Teeny tell them to hurry with the pizza\" - Samantha said. - \"Sure, hey I saw you leave with the latino boy, so come on, give me thendetails you owe me that\" - Teeny said. - \"He just walked me home, in fact he's here right now I invited him tondinner\" - Samantha said. - \"Finally the girl is gone, enter the woman, well done Sam, do yourself anfavor don't drive this guy away, because if you do you'll regret itnforever, you listen to me ok, let yourself go with the flow of things it'llnbe good I promise\" - Teeny said. - \"Ok I'll try\" - Samantha replied. - \"Excuse me Miss Tercell you're being paid for taking orders not fornstanding around, by the way, no personal calls\" - A voice cried out thatnappeared to be from Teeny's boss. - \"Gotta go Sam, details tomorrow ok?\" - Teeny said. - \"Sure Teeny, bye\"- Samantha said and hung up. Sam walked back to the living room and found Raphael looking at Samantha'snfamily photos, she sat down beside him and moved a little closer to himndiscreetly and Raphael looked at her and smiled. - \"Your family looks nice\" - Raphael said. - \"Yes it was\" - Samantha replied taking the photo and placing it on thentable. - \"I guess things don't always turn up like you want them to\" - Raphaelnsaid. - \"Yeah, tell me about it, I thought that my parents fighting was normal,nbut you know, what I hated the most was that he never said goodbye, he justntook off\" - Samantha said. - \"Yeah well, my dad didn't go quietly, he made sure everyone in thenneighborhood knew he was leaving, he even drove the car around screamingnwaking everyone\" - Raphael said. - \"Must've been horrible\" - Samantha said. - \"Yeah it was quite a scene\" - Raphael said and the door bell rang,nSamantha got up and opened the door, it was the pizza, she paid thendelivery boy and went to the dinning room and they started eating. The next day Teeny hurried to catch Samantha at her locker, when she got tonher she saw Raphael walking to Sam, so she sat down in a bench close by,nSamantha closed her locker door and saw Raphael, she smiled at him and hensmiled back, he then stopped beside her and said. - \"I had a goodtime last night, I hope you did too\" - Raphael said. - \"Yeah I did too\" - Samantha said trembling a little. - \"Sam, can I buy you a pop after school?\" - Raphael asked. - \"S-Sure I'd love to\" - Samantha said. Raphael walked away to spanish class, Samantha stood there for a momentnwatching him go and she noticed Teeny sitting on the bench, she got up andnwalked to Samantha, Teeny giggled for a moment and said. - \"So, how did it go?\". Samantha blushed and smiled at Teeny. - \"We just ate pizza Teeny, and we talked a little\" - Samantha said. - \"That's it? No goodbye kiss?\" - Teeny said. - \"Not yet, besides you said go with the flow and that's what I'm doing\" -nSamantha replied. - \"And what did he say to you just now?\" - Teeny asked. - \"He asked me if he could buy me a pop after school\" - Samantha answered. - \"Great Sam, I've got a great feeling about this\" - Teeny said. Teeny went to her spanish class, and Samantha went inside the classroom fornher next class and she found Chrissy and sat on her side, she didn't putnattention to the class, she kept writting Raphael's name on a page andndrawing hearts, it was something she had never done, that kind of behaviornseamed strange to Chrissy since she never saw Samantha in love, Chrissynstood there quiet without disturbing Samantha and when the bell rang theynwent together to the cafeteria, there they found Roberta and Teeny, theynboth sat with them and they saw Samantha's notebook, they giggled andnSamantha grabbed her hair and put it behind her ears and looked up to them. - \"Hearts? Samantha? You're falling for this guy aren't you?\" - Robertanasked. - \"Yeah maybe I am, I've never felt this way before, I can't wait to seenhim after school\" - Sam replied. - \"Just be careful Samantha don't let your heart wide open unless you arensure about him\" - Chrissy said. - \"I know that you know what you are doing Sam, don't be afraid tonexperiment new things, take risks, remember no risking no gaining\" - Teenynsaid. After school Raphael stood at the front door waiting for Samantha, shenwalked to him and they walked to the coffee shop that Sam, Roberta, Chrissynand Teeny always went, they sat together and they stood silent for a momentnuntil Raphael gathered courage to talk. - \"Sam, I like you very much, I liked you ever since you stepped inside thenclassroom and I would like to know how you feel about us\". Samantha stood speachless, she didn't know what to say, she had imaginednthis before but imagining was totally different from the actual situation. - \"Umm...I like you too, very much\" - Samantha finally said. - \"I would like to know if you would like to be my girlfriend\" - Raphaelnsaid. Samantha kept thinking this was unreal, but Teeny's voice kept echoing innher head \"Go with the flow\". - \"Yes I.....would, sure\" - Samantha said, she suddenly felt very happy. - \"So, Can I kiss you?\" - Raphael said blushing very noticeably. - \"S-s-sure\" - Samantha said and they kissed. To Be Continued...[Chapter 3] Hope you like this one I'll try to finish Chapter 4 by monday It will getnbetter I promise. Now And Then 2: Before And After Chapter 3 - Roberta and Scott Roberta was riding her bike to her house, she had planned to go out withnChrissy, Teeny and Sam to watch a movie from Teeny's roof since it gave anperfect view to the screen, they sometimes watched the movies from there tonmake up the story, after all Roberta didn't wanna stay much at homenlistening to her brothers and watching their endless fist fights, andnbesides homework was her least favorite thing to do.nRoberta hadn't forgotten what happened that summer of 1970, in Samantha'sngrandmother's attic where she found the article about her mother's carncrash and realize that her father had lied to her, it was later that shenunderstood why her father had told her another story, her father didn'tnwant her to know the truth because it was to painful to remember, and hendidn't want her to have the image of her mother dying so terribly andnpainfuly, but still she always kept the picture of her mother with her, shennever left her house without it and the copy of the article, she hadnlearned that life moves in strange ways beyond her comprehension but itndidn't mean that her perspective of life had changed, everything was likenTeeny once said \"It's normal for things to be shity\". After changing her clothes and freshening up she left her house and whennshe was about to get on her bike, Scott Wormer appeared infront of her,nScott Wormer was one of the four Wormer brothers who had always been thenenemies of her and the girls, everybody felt sorry for their mom, but notnthe girls, they were often pestered by these boys and the most memorablenpayback was when Roberta, Sam, Teeny and Chrissy found them in a lakenswimming butt naked, and they took their clothes and underwear and forcednthe Wormers to run around the highway picking up their trousers. Scott onennight came around when Roberta was shooting some hoops and then theynkissed, since then she had been secretly interested in him, of cours he didnwant to be more than friends with Roberta but her difficulty to expressnthat kind of feelings seamed more like not wanting to accept them, andnbasically because she was embarrased about it for the Wormers where theirnenemies for so long and she just happened to be in love with the oldest onenof them, she always denied it but part of her was tired of doing it.nScott Walked towards her, and stopped three feet away from her. - \"Hi\" - Scott said and Roberta stepped away from her bike. - \"What are you doing here?\" - Roberta asked faking to be cold to him. - \"I wanted to see you\" - Scott replied smiling at her. - \"And what do you want to see me for?\" - Roberta asked looking down. - \"Well I think it's obvious, I like you Roberta\" - Scott said. Upon hearing this Roberta went slightly red and looked up at him. - \"B-but, if this is about the kiss forget it Scott it was a long time ago\"n- Roberta replied. - \"No it's not about the kiss, I do like you for real, and I know you likenme\" - Scott said. - \"What makes you think I like you?\" - Roberta asked faking disgust. - \"Come on, If you don't like me, how come you're blushing?\" - Scottnreplied. Roberta to this point didn't know what to say, she had Scott staring at hernface, smiling at her looking great, much better than that summer when theynkissed, she was trying to fight it again, she took a deep breath and triednto be cool. - \"I have to go, I'm gonna be late, so get out of my way\" - Roberta finallynsaid. - \"You haven't answered my question\" - Scott said. - \"I don't like you Wormer, so get out of my way wimp\" - Roberta said asnshe got on her bike and then she rode away, Scott only smiled and walkednaway. Later that day Samantha, Teeny, Chrissy and Roberta were sitting on thenroof of Teeny's house, they were joking and laughing at the movie andnTeeny's made up dialogs between the stars of the movies, then they went tonthe tree house and sat there, Samantha told them everything that happenednat the coffee shop and that she now had a boyfriend, she was happy, and hernfriends were happy for her, they knew that it was a good thing for Samanthanand besides Raphael seemed a good guy; on the other hand Roberta was anlittle bit uncomfortable, she kept thinking about what she said to Scott,nshe knew it wasn't right, she felt like she should have told him the truth,nbut what was done, was done and there was no turning back.....or maybenthere was she thought about telling Scott the truth at school tomorrow butnshe knew that to do this she had to tell her friends first. - \"Scott came by my house today\" - Roberta said. - \"And what did he want?\" - Chrissy asked. - \"He said he liked me\" - Roberta answered. - \"And what did you say to him?\" - Teeny asked and Roberta looked down. - \"I blew him off\" - Roberta answered. - \"Roberta, truth or dare?\" - Samantha said out of the blue. - \"Truth\" - Roberta said. - \"Do you like Scott Wormer?\" - Samantha asked and Roberta turned red. - \"What kind of question is that?!\" - Roberta demanded. - \"Come on Roberta, say it, we won't tell\" - Chrissy said. - \"I.... it's just that... alright yeah I do\" - Roberta said. - \"Then why did you blow him off?\" - Samantha asked. - \"Come on Samantha, it's Scott Wormer, he is the enemy, he always was\" -nChrissy said. - \"But why does he still have to?\" - Teeny asked. - \"Yeah I think that's up to you Roberta, if you like them then we cannnegotiate a truce\" - Samantha said. - \"I don't know guys, I just don't know what to do, I mean come on it's menwe're talking about here, I've never been in a situation like this\" -nRoberta said grabbing her hair and throwing it back. - \"Then I'll quote Teeny on this one \"Go with the flow\", if you feelnstrongly about him then tell him, we support your decision, whatever it is,nright Chrissy?\" - Samantha said and Chrissy turned her head and nodded. - \"Thanks you guys\" - Roberta said. As a result of that conversation Roberta spent much of the night thinkingnabout telling or not telling Scott how she felt, after too much thinkingnshe decided to tell him, but now the problem was finding the words to tellnhim, she wasn't very good at it since she had never done it, but then shenremembered Samantha's words go with the flow, just let go, she said tonherself. The next morning at school she noticed that Scott wasn't in Math,nshe asked her friends if they had seen him but none of them had seen him,nshe decided to go to his house after school, and she did, she went to hisnhouse on her bike and knocked on the door and Scott oppened it. - \"Hey, what are you doing here?\" - Scott asked her smiling. - \"I... came to see how you were doing, you know because you cut schoolntoday\" - Roberta said. - \"I'm fine, I just had to do somethings for my mom\" - Scott replied. - \"Ok, well I'll see ya\" - Roberta said, she felt like she couldn't do itnbut Scott stopped her. - \"Why are you really here? I don't think you just came to see why I didn'tngo to school today\" - Scott said and Roberta turned to him. - \"I...just... I lied to you\" - Roberta said. Scott closed the door behind him and walked towards her. - \"About what?\" - Scott asked. - \"When I... said I didn't like you, because I do\" - Roberta said feelingnlike the weigh of the world was finally off her shoulders. - \"Are you joking with me?\" - Scott asked looking surprised. - \"No, it's the truth, I didn't want to accept it, because, you know thatnI've never been in this kind of situation before so it's difficult for mento express...\" - Roberta said and just before she could finish Scott walkednto her and kissed her. - \"So, this just leaves one question\" - Scott said. - \"And what is it?\" - Roberta asked. - \"Would you like to me to be your boyfriend?\" - Scott replied. - \"Alright\" - Roberta answered and Scott smiled at her and she smiled back,nand they kissed again. - \"Come on, I'll walk you home\" - Scott said, and he took Roberta's bikenand they walked together holding hands. To be Continued...[Chapter 4] I'mnreally sorry for taking this long I promise I won't take so longnanymore and I'll really try to work better on it because thisnchapter I'm not so sure of, any suggestions would be highlynappreciated. Phoenix. NownAnd Then 2: Before and After Chaptern4 – A Start Of Good Things To Come Thenfirst three weeks of school were relatively easy and time flew bynalmost too quickly, it is clear that when you are in love things gonfaster, time goes faster. Every single moment in Samantha's lifenwas beautiful for the first time ever, her problems always seamed tongo away every time Raphael went in the room. Shenwas finally at peace when she was at home, the fact that her mothernwas always gone didn't trouble her as much, in fact many was thentime that she wasn't at home herself, but even with this everytimenher mother brought a man to the house Samantha always found a way tonget rid of him. InnRoberta's case, she was happy and she was the centre of jealousy innschool, after all she was the girlfriend of the hottest guy innschool, but still everyone asked themselves how Scott would ever getninterested in such a tomboy, after all there were many girls far morenfeminine than her that would kill for Scott's attention, none thenless he was in love with Roberta and that was all that mattered andnall she cared about. Robertanwas still feeling a bit odd when she held hands with Scott, it wasn'tnsomething she ever pictured herself doing ever, or maybe she did butnshe was far too proud to admit it, but still she glowed with a lightnshe never thought she had in her. Asnfar as Teeny and Chrissy go, they started to feel a little pushednaside, Samantha was almost always sharing her time with Raphael andnRoberta with Scott. They started to feel neglected, so they went tonSamantha and Roberta and they took them to the soda shop they alwaysnwent to, they sat down on their usual table and ordered their cokesnand ice cream. \"What do you wanted to talk about Teeny?\" – Samantha asked. -n\"Ok guys, we are very happy for you, but the reason we wanted tontalk to you today was because, you've been neglecting us\" –nTeeny said and Chrissy nodded. - \"That's totally untrue\"n– Roberta said clearly offended by Teeny's accusation. -n\"It is true Roberta, you guys spend more time with your boyfriendsnthat we have been totally pushed aside, friends don't do that\" –nChrissy said. - \"Friends don't do this Chrissy, you'renjust jealous because we have boyfriends and you don't\" –nRoberta said and when she finished Samantha took word. -n\"Roberta stop! It's true, we're sorry guys, we didn't mean tonpush you aside, it's just that you know I don't remember when Inwas this happy\" – Samantha said. - \"We know thatnSamantha and after all you owe me, don't you forget\" – Teenynsaid. - \"So, Roberta what do you say\" – Chrissy askednand Roberta just looked down. - \"I guess I'm sorry toonguys\" – Roberta said. - \"Great, now that it's settled,nlet's discuss the other issue at hand…the Halloween dance\" –nTeeny said raising her eyebrows. \"Do we really have to go to that thing?\" – Chrissy asked withnan annoyed look. \"Of course we have to, it's a chance to socialize, and to show myninfinite supply of charms to the men there\" – Teeny said smilingnat her friends with her intent of a sexy look. \"Teeny you sound like a tramp\" – Chrissy said. Afternhearing the word Halloween dance, Samantha went blank, she had nevernbeen to a dance, neither Roberta or her had been to a dance andnobviously Chrissy wasn't looking forward to it. Samantha thoughtnthat she would have to wear a dress, which was something she hadn'tnwore since forever, and it was almost impossible for Roberta to evennconceive the idea of wearing a dress. Of course Chrissy was worriednmore about if she would look fat in her dress, even though she hadnlost weight over the summer. Onnthe next day Samantha and Roberta were looking for dresses and Scottnand Raphael joined them to help them pick one. \"Ok, I want your most honest opinion\" – Samantha said tonRaphael. \"Sure, go ahead\" – Raphael replied as he sat down on a chair byntwo mirrors. On the other hand Roberta was feeling totally outnof place, Scott had to grab her by the hand and start looking forndresses himself to help his overwhelmed girlfriend. \"What about this black one?\" – Scott asked Roberta. Robertanscanned the dress from top to bottom. \"You want to dress me up for a funeral?\" – Roberta asked. \"Ok you are not helping Roberta, I'm just picking some becausenyou don't seem to want to choose one yourself, and sorry if I don'tnhave taste it's just that I've never done this I have brothers,nno sisters you know that\" – Scott said. \"I'm sorry…ok, let me try\" – Roberta said and reached for anwhite dress and then she continued – \"How about this one?\". \"Good, just remember that it's a costume party and you have tonarrange it to make it scary\" – Scott said. \"Then I'll make it an angel costume\" – Roberta said. \"Then it's definitely going to be scary\" – Scott said andnRoberta just smiled and punched him on the arm. Samanthantried on a red dress and let loose her hair and walked to Raphael whonsaw her and his jaw dropped, Samantha looked absolutely beautiful andnhe smiled at her. \"So…What do you think?\" – Samantha asked. \"Incredible, you look so beautiful, I'm in a loss of words tondescribe it\" – Raphael said looking at her and smiling. \"Really? You're not just teasing me are you?\" – Samanthanasked smiling at him. \"I could never tease the most beautiful girl in the world\" –nRaphael said. Theynwent out of the store and went their separate way, Samantha left withnRaphael and Roberta with Scott. It was getting late, the lights onnthe street were starting to light on and the cars on the streets werenless with each passing moment as Samantha and Raphael walked down thenstreet to where their bikes were. Samantha talked to Raphael aboutnwhat happened between her and her friends. \"Well if that's how they feel then we should think about sittingnwith them at school\" – Raphael suggested. \"Yeah well I think we'll work things out as we go\" – Samanthanreplied, and they both got on their bikes and rode away to Samantha'snhouse. Whennthey arrived to her house, Samantha noticed the lights were on andnthat her mother's car was parked in the garage, she thought it wasnodd since she was never home until past eleven. Samantha parked hernbike and asked Raphael to step inside for a bit so he could meet hernmother, Raphael went in with Samantha and they walked into the livingnroom and found Samantha's mother with yet another man, this guynlooked a bit more presentable that the others but still Samanthanhated to see another man in her house; but for no reason at all hernmother got up from the sofa and started yelling at Samantha. \"Do you have any idea how late it is Samantha!\" – Sam's momndemanded. \"It's only eight o'clock mom it's not that late and besidesnyou are always out\" - Samantha replied. \"I don't care, and who is this boy, what are you doing with myndaughter!\" – Sam's mom still shouted. \"For your information mom I was going to introduce him to you, thisnis Raphael and he is my boyfriend\" – Samantha said holdingnRaphael's hand in hers. \"What do you mean he's your boyfriend! You're too young tonhave a boyfriend! Let go of his hand and get out of here filthynboy!\" – Sam's mom shouted even more. \"Ok mom, he'll leave but I'm going with him, I can't standnyou, you have no right to treat him this way, and who is this guynhuh? Is he another one of your one night stands?\" – Samantha saidnand when she finished saying it her mom slapped her on face andnSamantha started to cry in anger, she took Raphael's hand and shenwent outside with him and they both ran away, Sam's mom chased themnto the front porch. \"Come back here young lady!\" – Sam's mom yelled but Samanthankept going. Theynstopped running on the corner of the street and Samantha startedncrying and Raphael held her in his arms. \"Quite a start of good things to come huh?\" – Raphael saidnsarcastically and Sam just chuckled a little. \"I hate her Raphael, I hate it that she ruins things for me likenthat\" – Samantha said still crying and laying her head onnRaphael's chest. \"Parents always mess up Sam, It's a way of reminding us thatnnobody is perfect, especially parents\" – Raphael said trying toncomfort Samantha. \"Could you take me to Teeny's house please?\" – Samantha askednhim. \"Sure, come on\" – Raphael replied. Tonbe Continued…[Chapter 5] Nownand Then 2: Before and After Chaptern5 – The Halloween Dance Thenwalk to Teeny's house was not long, after a few minutes of walkingnaround and hiding behind bushes everytime Samantha's mom drove by,nRaphael and Samantha stood outside Teeny's house, they threw ancouple of stones to her window until she opened. -n\"What are you guys doing here?\" – Teeny asked looking down atnboth of them. -n\"I got in a huge fight with my mom and I'm looking for a place tonstay, can I please stay with you?\" – Samantha asked Teeny. Teenynjust stood there for a moment and looked around to see if her parentsnhad got up, when she saw that no one came to check on her, she threwnsome keys to Raphael. -n\"Those are the keys for the garden door, get the ladder Raphael fornSamantha\" – Teeny said. Raphaelntook the keys and opened the garden door, he picked up the laddernwhich was pressed against the wall with the lawnmower on its side, hencarefully moved the lawnmower and took the ladder out to the front ofnthe house, he pressed it against the wall and set it to reach Teeny'snwindow. -n\"There it is, go Sam, I have to get home too\" – Raphael said. Samanthanlooked at him, clearly her eyes were watery, she had been crying allnthe way to Teeny's house. -n\"Thank you Raphael, and I'm sorry\" – Samantha said. Raphaelnjust took her hand and looked her in the eyes. -n\"Don't worry about anything ok? I'll see you tomorrow\" –nRaphael said. Shenkissed him and went up the stairs, when she went inside she sawnRaphael take the ladder back to the garden and then he closed thengarden door and threw the keys back at Teeny, they waved him goodbyenand he walked away until he was out of sight. -n\"What happened Sam?\" – Teeny asked looking at Samantha who hadnjust walked to the bed and hugged a pillow. -n\"My mom again, she totally freaked out when she saw Raphael, whyndoes she do this to me, why can't she just be happy for me?\" –nSamantha asked holding her pressing need to burst into tears, thisntime for anger. -n\"Parents mess up always Samantha, you know it, that's the waynthings are\" – Teeny said as she gave her friend a hug. -n\"I know it's normal for things to be shitty\" – Samantha said. -n\"But you can change that\" – Teeny said. -n\"I don't know how Teeny\" – Samantha replied. -n\"Well I can't tell you how Sam, you are just gonna have to figurenit out\" – Teeny said. Samanthandidn't think Teeny's last comment was very helpful, but at leastnit calmed her down a little. She found it hard to sleep that night,nshe kept reviving the scene with her mother in her head, and it madenher even more angry, but then it felt like sadness, she was sad fornher mother's reaction, and now that her mother knew the boy imaginenwhat grandma had to say about the whole thing; she was actually a lotnmore open to new things than her mother, it was only her addiction tonplaying bingo with her friends that really annoyed Samantha a little. Samanthanhad trouble getting over last night, everytime she was with Raphaelnshe couldn't help to get embarrassed, and even though Raphaelnconstantly comforted her she still felt bad for everything. Thenrecess came and Teeny, Roberta, Scott, Chrissy, Samantha and Raphaelnwere sitting on a table near the left window from the entrance of thenlunch room, they were eating lunch very quietly until Samantha lookednup and saw the poster for the Halloween dance. -n\"Oh my god, I completely forgot\" – Samantha said. -n\"What about it?\" – Chrissy asked looking at Samantha. Samanthanlooked around the table as if she couldn't spot Roberta, when shendid she looked at her. -n\"What?\" – Roberta asked. -n\"Did you finish with your dress?\" – Samantha asked, Chrissy andnTeeny almost lept off their seats when they heard this. -n\"You are going to the dance in a dress?\" – Teeny asked, Chrissynwas almost choking for she had just taken a sip of her coke when shenheard this. -n\"Y-Yeah so!\" – Roberta asked in a menacing tone. -n\"Oh my god...our little Tomboy is turning into a lady\" –nChrissy said. Robertanstarted to get all red in the face. -n\"Shut up!\" – Roberta commanded, the others just burst intonlaughter. -n\"Yeah, laugh all you want you weasels\" – Roberta said and shencrossed her arms and looked out the window pretending not to hearnthem anymore. Samanthanleft the subject, later that afternoon she kissed Raphael goodbye andnwent to her grandmother's house, fortunately she was home, she toldnSamantha that her bingo party was cancelled because one of hernfriends had a car accident and they did not wan to continue until shenwas fully recovered. Samantha told her grandmother about the dance,nand when she was through there was a look of surprise on herngrandmother's face, Samantha never had the idea of going to a dancenbefore, and when Sam told her of the dress and the help she needednfor her costume, her grandmother took her to the attic to see some ofnthe stuff, her husband kept there, and they found a witch hat thatnhad been used by her grandmother in a party with her bingo friends,nit was a perfect fit, and also her grandmother took out somenjewellery she hadn't used for a while and gave it to Samantha in anjewellery box, it contained a necklace with a little pumpkin, a fewnthin bracelets that Samantha thought they were very nice, and anlittle pin in the shape of a broom. Sure enough the outfit wasnsimple, but for Samantha having all that stuff was a relief. Robertanon the other hand had gone out to buy something to complete herndress, she had no idea what she was going to buy, so he had to go tonher last resort, Teeny. She called Teeny and they both went out tonbuy things for her dress. Roberta's dress was white, Teeny thoughtnit great if she could disguise Roberta as a princess, with a crownnand everything, but obviously Roberta hated the idea, then Teeny saidnsomething that changed Roberta's view of it all. Shensaid: \"Don't you think your mother would have loved to see younall dressed up? As a princess?\". Robertantook the tiara that Teeny was holding and without saying anythingnelse she bought everything for her princess outfit, Teeny couldn'tnbelieve it, but Roberta was actually smiling, and when Teeny noticed,nshe smiled too. Thennight for the Halloween dance was beginning, Samantha and Robertanwere very nervous, but both of them looked amazing in their dresses,nwhen Scott saw Roberta come down the stairs of Teeny's house, hisnjaw dropped, Roberta just smiled and Scott smiled back, but Robertanjust whispered. \"Don'tnget used to it\". Samanthancame down the stairs too and Raphael welcomed her with a kiss, he wasndressed up as the great and fearsome Zorro, quite convenient, Scottnwas dressed as Dracula, Teeny was dressed as Marilyn Monroe, andnChrissy was just dressed in a pink dress and had a little gold mask. -n\"This isn't a masquerade Chrissy, couldn't you find somethingnmore halloween-like?\" – Teeny said. -n\"Well I was gonna go as a witch but Sam beat me to the idea\" –nChrissy said. Theynall went out and they walked together to the school, they entered thengym. The whole gym was decorated with pumpkins with candles insidenthem, bats hanging from the ceiling, the usual disco balls, and othernHalloween stuff, the room was full, it was hard to go around withoutnbumping into someone. Uponntheir arrival they started dancing, it didn't take Teeny more thannfive minutes to be surrounded by guys that wanted to dance with her,nSamantha was just happy she had one, Raphael. Roberta was stared atnby most of the girls, with looks of envy, but guys were staring too,nnobody ever knew that Roberta was actually a beautiful girl. Chrissynwas just sitting on a corner watching her friends dancing and she wasneating a piece of chocolate cake, then a boy by the name of JerrynWatson, who was one of the brightest kids in the school and alsonlabelled the top geek of all, came to ask Chrissy to dance, andnsurprisingly enough she agreed. Thenfour girls were having fun until Samantha's mother came through thengym door, she walked towards Samantha and Raphael, she took Samanthanby the arm and pulled her out of the dancing crowd. -n\"You are coming home with me right now, young lady\" – Sam'snmom said. Samanthanstruggled to get her mother's grip on her arm loose, but her mothernhad held on to her so tight, Sam felt like she was cutting herncirculation. Raphaelncame out of the crowd and approached Sam and her mom, he stood bynSamantha and took her by the arm and pulled her near him which causednSam's mother to loose her grip on Sam's arm. -n\"You! You stay away from my daughter!\" – Samantha's momnshouted, the whole room stared at them, Roberta, Chrissy and Teenynmoved in to try and smooth things up but this made it even worse. -n\"You are in on this too? Shame on you, I thought you were realnfriends to my daughter but you are a bunch of troublemakers, you putnmy daughter up to this\" – Samantha's mother said. Robertanlooked at Teeny, she was clearly shocked by the woman's behaviour,nSamantha was about to cry, but she finally snapped. -n\"I'm tired of you mom, I hate you, I don't wanna see you again,nleave me alone, I love Raphael and I love my friends and nothing younsay or do can change that! Come on Raphael let's go\" – Samanthanshouted and took Raphael by the hand and ran out with him, Samantha'snmother stood there for a while and then left the gym, got inside herncar and drove away. Roberta,nScott, Teeny and Chrissy ran out to find Samantha and Raphael, theynwalked around the school and found them sitting on a bench, Samanthanwas crying and Raphael was holding her. Everyone was at a loss fornwords, no one spoke for a while, until Chrissy finally suggested tongo to the tree house, and they all walked there, to spend the nightnof that Friday all together in neutral ground. TOnBE CONTINUED...[Chapter 6] Sorry for taking this long but I had lost inspiration and I was writing bits and pieces on my spare time which sadly hasn't been much but I'm trying to get back to it and thank you all for your kind words and apreciation it means a lot ;) Now and Then 2: Before and After Chapter 6 – The Tree House It was a little passed midnight and they all walked to the Tree house. None of them exchanged words on the way, after all they had a loss of words for what had just happened and with good reason. Samantha was a wreck. She was still crying, though not so much as before but not even Raphael could find something to make her feel better and he thought that if he just dissed the subject it could only make it worse. It wasn't until they were all inside the tree house that Roberta spoke. - \"Oh to hell with it! We didn't do anything wrong!\" – Roberta hissed and Teeny made a loud shush sound. - \"That's not helpful Roberta. Sam can't just push problems aside it only gets worse\" – Chrissy said. Roberta just gave Chrissy a glare and then slapped the floor. - \"Well then you say something miss perfect\" – Roberta said and Teeny just got up. - \"Stop it both of you! This doesn't help at all. Are we going to fight amongst ourselves now?\" – Teeny asked them looking from Chrissy to Roberta. Chrissy only looked down and Roberta just crossed her arms, leaned on Scott and looked out the window. Samantha stopped crying and was leaning on Raphael's shoulder and she looked at them all. - \"I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry my mom keeps messing things up for us\" – Samantha said and Teeny took her hand reassuringly and then pulled her and gave her a hug. - \"You don't have to apologise for anything Sam. If anyone should apologise it's your mom. She'll come around, you'll see\" – Teeny said and gave her a smile. - \"I hope so\" – Samantha said and leaned on Raphael again. Scott looked at Raphael. - \"How much money you got?\" – Scott asked. Raphael looked puzzled for a moment and then took out his wallet and checked it. - \"Like ten or fifteen dollars. Why?\" – Raphael said. - \"Well I don't know about you guys but since we left there and we didn't eat anything, I'm kinda hungry and since we're the guys we should pay for the ladies\" – Scott said and Raphael nodded. - \"But how are you going to buy anything? The closest store here closed at 11:00\" – Teeny said. Chrissy then pushed Teeny to a side and loosened a board on the floor from where she took out several bags of chips and other sweets. - \"I had this in case of an emergency, and I guess it calls for it\" – Chrissy said and they all celebrated Chrissy's thinking. The night kept passing and Roberta and Scott were inside the tree house. Teeny and Chrissy were at the swings and Sam and Raphael were sitting on the floor covered with a blanket looking at the moon. - \"Do you have to get home now?\" – Samantha asked. - \"I'll stay with you for as long as you need me\" – Raphael said and Samantha smiled at him and rested her head on his chest. - \"I wish we could go far away, where we could be together and no one could take us away or make scenes like my mom\" – Samantha said. - \"Yeah, I wish we could\" – Raphael said and Samantha looked at him. - \"Then why don't we go?\" – Samantha asked. - \"Where would you like to go?\" – Raphael asked. - \"Well maybe…someplace where it snows all the time\" – Samantha replied. - \"I get the chills just thinking about it, why not a beach or something like that?\" – Raphael said playfully and Sam smiled and pushed him gently to a side. - \"I'm serious, wouldn't you like it, a house in the middle of the woods with snow all over. We could lie on the snow and dance under the moon\" – Samantha said. - \"Well, we can dance right now\" – Raphael said and got up and offered her his hand. Samantha got up smiling and took his hand and they began to dance. There was no music but she could hear a lovely melody as she danced with him. Every step they took was exactly at the beat of her heart which gave the rhythm to the slow music in her mind. It was these moments of happiness that made everything worthwhile. The morning came and they had fallen asleep. Scott woke up next to Roberta and she woke up and Scott smiled at her. - \"Good morning\" – Scott said and Roberta smiled at him and she reached over him and moved on top of him. Scott only smiled. - \"Don't get any ideas\" – Roberta said and reached for her coat and grabbed it and looked outside for the others. Chrissy and Teeny had fallen asleep on a bench and Samantha and Raphael were on the grass with the blanket around them. Raphael woke up first and gave Samantha a soft kiss on her cheek to wake her. Sam smiled at him and gave him a soft kiss. - \"So we have to get something for breakfast so I'll go back to my house and get some clothes. And I'll meet you at the dinner\" – Raphael said. - \"Sounds like a plan\" – Sam said and smiled at him. Raphael got up and helped Sam get up. Chrissy yawned loudly and Teeny woke up because of it. - \"Could you mind not making too much noise Chrissy, I'm sleeping here\" – Teeny said and they all laughed. Raphael told Scott, and the girls the plan with Samantha and they all agreed to see each other at the dinner. Everyone left their own way except for Teeny and Samantha who went together to Teeny's house so Sam could borrow some clothes. When Teeny got home, her parents weren't there like always but they left a note. It said that Sam's mother had come looking for her and that she was coming to get her at 8:00 pm. Teeny only passed the note to Sam who frowned as she read it. - \"I'm not going back with her Teeny. I'm going to see if I can stay with Raphael. I'll ask him later in the dinner\" – Sam said. Teeny only nodded and passed Sam a pair of jeans and a top. Teeny's clothes were different to what Sam was used to wearing but she did not complain about anything. After all Teeny was doing her a favour and she was grateful for it. It was almost 11:00 am and they were now ready. They walked to the dinner and saw Raphael, Scott and Roberta, and Chrissy sitting on their usual table beside the window. Sam kissed Raphael and sat beside him and Teeny sat beside Sam. - \"I can't stay too long guys, my mom freaked when I told her where I spent the night, so she grounded me\" – Chrissy said. - \"I'm so sorry Chrissy\" – Sam said. - \"Hey don't worry, I was being supportive for my friend in need so it doesn't matter if I'm grounded. I'm sure you would've done the same for me\" – Chrissy said. Sam smiled and Roberta grinned. - \"I wouldn't\" – Roberta said to Chrissy grinning and Chrissy punched her on her arm – \"Ok just kidding\" – Roberta said smiling. Raphael looked at Sam who was frowning and looking directly at her glass of coke. - \"What's wrong Sam?\" – Raphael asked and put his arm around her. - \"I can't stay at Teeny's anymore. Can I stay with you?\" – Sam asked him and Raphael smiled at her. - \"Sure you can, you can sleep in my sister's room, she's dying to meet you\" – Raphael said and Sam smiled. Sam knew she couldn't run forever and her mom would never stop looking for her. But she did not want her mom to find her just yet. She had a lot of things to think about and she wasn't going to let go of this wonderful feeling she shared with Raphael. She had to prepare for the final encounter with her mom, and she would think about it in Raphael's house. TO BE CONTINUED… ","Summary":" Now and Then 2nBy Phoenix Chapter 1 - High School 1st Year At the beginning of their first year Rob"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Fury Burning Fast","Author":"Shampoo-chan13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11160960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note Hello! Morning from Shampoo with the first chapter tidbit for a Fury fanfic. I hope you will enjoy reading it and as a fan of the movie and the characters, I hope they are in character or as much as I can get them to be;; After watching the movie a few times I could figure out a few things about them but that is just me and I saw alot of ships happening but war does that. It creates/makes you trust and make your own family during war. With that Fury being a historical story I had to research it and I had already been interested in wwII so it isn't hard except for dates and planning out plots for these characters... Oh man they can be hard to write for at times. So please read, enjoy, and review! P.S. School is starting up again from my spring break so I may be late in updating. 3 Enjoy ~ 3 • 1939 - East Africa - United States and British Forces Territory The treacherous sun hammered down onto the sandy wasteland below. In a shaky combat aid truck a man of twenty six named Don Collier stared out of the open truck at the limited landscape around him as he waited on the stiff bench seat to be delivered to his new position that the army assigned him. He knew that the army didn't want him but even if it wasn't official yet there was a war going on and they needed everyone that was crazy enough to fight. No matter how they did on the physic test. He had aced everything else on the damn thing but whoever the commander was running it faked his results so that he could pass. In the army they needed someone like him. During a war 'monsters' quickly rose the ranks faster than anyone. Don had quickly acquired the rank of Staff Sergeant through a happy twist of fate of someone's death. The dead was of a sergeant who was helping the Brits to defend Africa from Italian and German troops trying to invade and seize control. Blown up with his gunner in his tank during a sudden raid for being a total putts and acting selfishly. Basically being a dick. Don thought it was a good chance to take a nap before he had to keep one eye open in enemy territory but it didn't last long as his nap was rudely cut short and interrupted by the truck halting-jerking to a stop. Don snapped— more like was slapped awake. He turned to look out of the truck to see an even younger Staff Sergeant with papers and quickly give Don the orders to report to Team Fury. It took a while to find the tank in question but he found it with three men of mixed races and most of them young men but one who appeared to be older than he was. Which seemed odd seeing him still a Private- and an Assistant Driver. The three men stood stiffly but without any respect to their new commander. Grady was the first to speak. \"Who are you?!\" He growled but the older male stepped in front of him pushing him back. \"Sorry about him, Sir. We're Fury. Or what is left of her.\" He explained calmly trying to keep the peace. Grady stepped forward again. \"Yeah! Cause our last Sergeant was such a peach!\" He stated again coldly. Don just eyed him not turning his face at all and kept it facing toward the older private. \"I don't expect a warm welcome from what you've went through.\" Don replied in a neutral tone but there was no emotion behind it. It was almost cold. He didn't want to grow attached to this team or anyone. It had been one of his rules even before joining the army because it wasn't worth it. Grady stepped in front of Red. \"Ya got that right! ...Sir.\" Grady stated in the same harsh tone but added rank just in case their new commander took offense. The shorter male who was mexican had grabbed Grady's arm and pulled him back again. Red chucked softly. \"Our last Sergeant...and gunner weren't really…-\" Red started to explain but was interrupted by Don. \"Was a dick. You don't have to talk nice here. All I care about is staying alive. and fighting the fucking krauts. I can't do that by myself. So lets stick with first names.\" Don said in a very familiar ordering tone. Red smiled before holding out a hand out to Don. \"So you've heard..heh well… I'm Red and this is Grady Travis, and Trini-\" \"Call me Gordo!\" Gordo interrupted looking passed Grady's shoulder to correct Red. \"Gordo Garcia.\" Red finished just as Don shook his hand. \"Don Collier.\" Don replied finally showing something like a smile. Even if it was a twitch on the side of his mouth it still counted as one. Their hands separated after a while and Don left them standing there watching him leave. \"What he doin'?\" Grady shouted acting like a guard dog set off. This time it took Red and Gordo to hold him back. \"Calm down. Grady! Give him a chance.\" Red cooled smiling warmly. Grady just glared at him pulling away from them both roughly. \"I will. When I see it!\" Grady growled back turning away from them. The other two looked confused. \"See what?\" Gordo asked raising his eyebrow holding his hands up more confused than Red. \"That the army didn't screw with us again!\" Grady explained coldly. \"I gotta piss.\" He walked off in a huff. Red signed covering his face with his hand before running it through his salty hair. Gordo tried weakly to stop Grady but thought against it and just turned to go into the opposite direction annoyed with the loader. Don made his way to the cafeteria or what the base made of it. He grabbed a can of something that resembled chicken noodle soup. Loud chatter from the other tables mixed with the sound of rushing wind. It was nearly impossible to keep sand out of the tents so everyone tried to get used to seeing in places they thought were believed to be safe. Don found a seat at one of the pop up tables with a few other officers. He didn't initiate any conversation but kept to himself and listened in the gossip going around. He quickly learned what he heard about Fury and it's dead team members to be down right fools and were only fighting for themselves and for rank to be correct. They had been a righteous Father-Son team who didn't know anything about operating a tank or commanding men. Don also learned that everyone pitied Fury for being ran by total outkasts of the entire platoon or whole army being sent here to just have that bad luck so early in the game. Don had enough and quickly stood up loudly causing the large tent to grow quiet and stare into his direction. Don didn't make any eye contact and walked proudly out of the tent. After he had disappeared out of the tent Don could hear voices, now a murmur of men gossiping about him- the new Sergeant shipped in and he knew he had a history of being out of control and for thinking crazy or how he liked to call it a wild thinker. He never thought such news would travel that fast but it seemed that the platoon knew about him even before he arrived. This didn't phase him at all, however it did make a smile grow on his face- actually a grin thinking he liked his team better now that he knew that they weren't just some army brats. Don made his way slowly back to the tank trying to calm down from his outburst from earlier. When he stepped in range of the tank being in his sights he saw that the three men had not left it like the others to sleep in tents. Don thought that was something that they had in common. Staying with the tank which will quickly turn into their home sooner rather than later was a good idea.. He had paused to watch them heat up coffee and share rations with each other. Don knew he was entering a tight operation but didn't realize how tight. Well nothing like the present to invade like the Germans. This made him snort a little at the idea which caught the attention of the other three members of Fury. Don stepped closer to their camp. Holding up a hand as to say Hi. \"Finally? Didn't expect you to come back.\" Grady growled in his usual tone. Red glared at him to hush up. \"How was the Food tent, Si-Don?\" Red questioned not used to using first names. Don shrugged sitting on the ground in between them grabbing a cup of coffee. Don had stole a cup for himself and some rations as well. Don sipped his coffee not paying attention to the stares he got and waited until he pulled his cup away from his mouth to toss an entire bag full of smokes and other goodies he had acquired. This caused everyone's eyebrows to knot or raise. \"Is this a bribe, Serg?\" Gordo spoke in a cold tone this time as Grady inspected the bag's contents and took out a pack of smokes before tossing the bag on the ground again in disgust. \"Peace offering.\" Don stated matter of fact twitching his hand slightly in a small wave acting coy. The three turned to look at each other before turning their attentions back to their new Sergeant. The air still heavy but Don played it off as if there had been a joke. \"It's a start.\" Grady finally answered after a long silence lighting up a cig and looking over it at Don Collier. Don held his gaze unwavering to the silent threat. \"Sir. We sleep in the tank. You don-\" Red started but Don stopped him standing up and patting his pant legs. \"Good. I'll go first. Good Night boys.\" Don stated surprising everyone further that their new Sergeant wasn't like anyone they had before. \"Good...Night\" The three of them answered subconsciously \"What the heck?\" Grady said turning to the other two. Red looked at him first. \"See. Give him a chance.\" Red cooled leaning forward to whisper at him. \"That's still up to him!\" Grady curled up turning away pouting under his jacket for a blanket. \"Good Night Grady, Gordo. Get some sleep alright?\" They both grumbled at Red but after an hour of a few smokes and a cup of coffee they entered the tank to get some shut eye.[Chapter 2] Author's Notes Some of you may be wondering about the date I picked for the team to be in Africa. In the movie they say they been talking about the same thing for four years but I took or felt like they were talking about Hitler and battling in Europe for those times and not the years in Africa. The public at the time didn't know about the war or what was going on until much later. Around 1940-1942 was when we entered the war officially so I thought they would be involved sooner when they fought in Africa. So that is why the year is 1939 and not the latter. That morning they were woken up by multiple knocks to the tank. Don opened an eye slowly to see who was awake and who was knocking on their door. Grady was awake first it seemed as he launched himself out of his hatch pushing the officer off the tank. Don watched this happened before raising his hatch in a hurry glaring at Grady. \"What is happening here!?\" Don shouted looking to Grady for answers then at the other officer who seemed to have landed on his feet. Grady looked away slightly shifting his gaze. Then his anger reappeared. \"Ask him! I just got up.\" Grady stated playing innocent. Which Don knew for a fact that wasn't true. \"TELL HIM, SODOMITES ARE GONNA GO TA HELL N'BURN!\" The officer who was a private shouted at them from below. Don slowly turned to him keeping his cool but if anyone actually knew him he was irritated- even if waking up before 600 hours wasn't enough he had to be talking to a closed minded fuck as well. \"IT AIN'T TRUE N'YA KNOW IT!\" Grady shouted back. Don could almost see the hairs on his back stand alert like a dog's about to attack. Don stepped out of his hole to stand above them both with both hands on his hips. \"Ladies, Ladies you should calm down or the entire army will hear you.\" Don teased finally saying something. Both parties huffed at him taking offense at being called ladies. Don raised an eyebrow at them tilting his head a little slightly saying 'try me.' \"That motherfucker tried it with one of my team-!\" The officer started pointing at Grady threateningly. Don was unphased at this or appeared that it didn't affect him at all. He had learned well to control his emotions. They only got you into trouble. \"Private. I think you have the wrong guy. He loves women and booze too much and smokes like a chimney to do anything you are accusing him of doing.\" Don stated in a neutral but in a commanding tone. The officer shifted his weight awkwardly. \"But he-I was told he stole…\" The officer tried to explain himself but dug his hole wider and deeper. \"Are these rumors or official reports? What is stolen?\" Don asked stepping closer to the edge of the tank before jumping down. Don was a good couple feet taller than the private. \"A person's supply of rations and smokes.\" The private confessed looking down. \"Tell your commanding officers to check with the supply office before listening to rumors. I grabbed my rations in advance. I like to be prepared. Tell your Sergeants to do the same! You're dismissed!\" Don shouted at the now frighten private who still looked like a teenager. The private shook under his piercing voice. \"Y-Yes….Sir! Sorry...Sir!\" The private complied back saluting to him before running off. Don followed the boy leave his expression dark watching until the private had disappeared from view before turning to Grady looking a bit surprised at Don defending him. However it was Grady's turn to be afraid of his new Sergeant. \"I didn't- Look- I'm telling the tru-\" Grady started to go off embarrassed by what just happened but Don stopped him. \"YOU KNOW YOU NEED TO CONTROL THAT TEMPER! It won't get you anywhere.\" Don ordered yelling at him darkly. It was hard to scare or keep Grady from talking back but Grady thought he had found what he was afraid of- Don Collier. Don smacked the tank's side before turning on his heel and going to the toilet. He left Grady confused and perplexed at what just happened. Someone had defended his honor and he was a Sergeant. \"Get everyone else up and check the tank! It's been a week since it was turned over I bet.\" Don ordered not looking back at the tank or Grady as he left. With that Grady was back to normal. Red was next to wake up and he opened his hatch popping his head out first. \"Morning…\" Red breathed yawning. Grady spun around shocked grabbing for his semi-automated but relaxed when he saw that it was Red. \"You're gotta get your head blown off one of these days if you keep doing that... Red..\" Grady breathed through a sigh of relief. Red laughed it off jumping out and onto the tank stretching like a cat. \"Get Gordo up. We got work to do.\" Grady said pulling a cigarette out of his coat and lighting it. Red grinned growing excited to be in action again after a few days waiting for a commander. Red disappeared into his hatch again to get Gordo up. Grady looked around to the see the sun finally greeting the horizon line and the temperature quickly rose as the sun continued to grow in height in the sky. Squinting his eyes started to get used to the light before jumping down to grab some breakfast before starting maintenance on the tank. Gordo and Grady had a mental checklist for checking and double the tank was battle ready but with the death of two of their members even though they were bad for them, they still felt unsettled to keep working. It took a while longer to get Gordo up. He was a heavy sleeper and to the other's dislike- a snorer, but Red knew all of the tricks to get him up and keep him awake. When they both came out of the tank Grady was making-more like heating up coffee for them both and handed them their cups when they were close. \"What was that racket before?\" Gordo asked quietly but then stopped from asking more when Red glanced at him quickly. Grady froze still drinking but glanced at Gordo. He didn't really plan on telling the others. Grady let out a heavy sigh. Grady couldn't keep anything from them for long though. Almost like parents; Gordo and Red. \"Don...might not. Be so bad...a Sergeant.\" Grady confessed feeling embarrassed to show any kind of feeling toward anything other than women, cigs, or the tank but he had to be honest to his team. Which were like his family. Red was the first to respond then Gordo just snickered. 'See? He isn't so bad. What you do?\" Red asked curiosity pleaded him still. Leaning forward and placing a hand under his chin to add effect. Grady pushed him away. \"I didn't do anything! Someone thought I went through someone's stuff. Don scolded to check facts!\" Grady explained simplifying what had happened just an hour before. \"Heh! What if Don did it instead?\" Gordo blurted out jerking his half empty mug away from him. \"Do what?\" Don's voice came from behind them making them drop their cups and stand up now with respect for their new Sergeant. Gordo tensed the most out of the other two. Grady and Red had saluted to Don staring at him before glancing over at Gordo whose expression looked grim and his face twisted causing him to look like a fat pug. A pug who raised his shoulders in anticipation of being hit or being reassigned for saying something out of turn, but there had been nothing to wait for. \"Are you all still sitting around? Get something to eat and get to work! Stop acting like a bunch of gossiping teenagers. We move out in two weeks.\" Don commanded calmly brushing off Gordo's remark as playful batter. Don had returned to the team from a debriefing and they didn't have much time to sit around and play happy-house and who is the new kid on the block. They had to remember they were in Africa about to enter a war with Germany and Italian troops with better fire power than the Sherman Tanks. Everyone replied with 'Yes Sir!' simultaneously indirectly causing Don's face to turn a light but noticeable shade of pink. \"Sergeant is blushing!\" Grady pointed out lowering his salute to point at Don. \"Am not! Get something to eat at the tents! Stop with the salutes. Now get going!\" Don ordered them pretending to boot them in the butt. They all lowered their arms to their sides and started to relax letting out chuckles at Don playing coy again. Then headed to the food tent before they get scolded any further. They acted like a bunch of clumsy fools following each other like ducklings looking at Don as they walked past him. \"Also! Put some photos up in tha'tank! It's too freaking bare! Who the fuck was your Sergeant before? Hitler?\" Don ordered a command that was a surprise to his men but they would be happy to follow it without question. Their laughter grew in volume at the cruel joke of their ex-sergeant. Their ex-sergeant didn't want to 'dirty' the tank up with personal stuff for some reason which was dumb but they had to follow his rules or risk being discharged. The three original team members were secretly but felt guilty to admit that they had been glad that he had gotten killed in an air raid. A few minutes they had finished their breakfast and it had been the best they ever had with the army. They hurried back to Fury and a waiting Don. He had found an old bench chair and turned it into his personal chair. The three stopped to capture this image in their minds forever. Don had covered himself up to the head with his jacket even in this heat but everyone knew it was to block the sun out. Don heard there loud footsteps and pulled the jacket from his face. \"Took you guys long enough- I was going to send out a search party.\" Don teased standing up putting his jacket back on smoothly. The others chuckled. Then soon stopped at Don giving more orders. \"Let's start with photos, then work with getting artillery, rations, and any other thing you may need to make this place home.\" Don commanded knocking on the tank lightly. He grabbed his bag to fix his area up first then it was Red's turn and soon everyone was in the tank. During this they talked about their photos and about themselves. Don broke his code of never getting attached but he didn't realize this. \"You're second-generation German?\" Gordo let out surprised spinning in the driver's seat. Don let out a snort. \"You make it sound so bad. My mother was from Germany- a small town. Raised horses.\" Don explained a bit about himself to his crew. Don learned about Red's family- a wife who was waiting for him after the war and who was adamant about him joining the army at his age. Red was the oldest of them all at age thirty-eight and counting. They all laughed at when they found out. \"Is that why you're in the second seat?\" Grady teased him leaning in his seat while he put up a pin-up calendar to tease Red. \"Shut up! Coon-Ass!\" Red growled light-heartedly keeping things calm. Don looked at Grady. \"Coon-Ass?\" Don asked his face twisted curious raising a brow at Grady. Grady flashed Red a glare before answering. Red took over for this one. \"He's from the south. Used to hunt raccoons, Got bit in the ass!\" Red explained snorting at the end of it. Thinking about Grady getting bit by a big raccoon. The whole crew could feel Grady tense. They stopped laughing. Don patted Grady's shoulder in reassurance. \"Come on Grady, It's funny. Be glad.\" Don replied warmly. Grady relaxed at this and sweared at them all for laughing so hard. Which made them laugh even harder. They learned that Gordo was from Chicago and had a wife as well. Newly weds. Gordo had explained that he would be looking towards to a daughter or a son. Everyone congratulated him. They finish putting up photos and talking about their lives back in the states. They knew deep down that they would have to forget it for a while. They started to clean and fill what was missing in the tank and checked everything even things that others didn't. Don took a break from watching his crew teach him the parts and components of the tank and how they differ from past models. Don had to admit that it was a little over his head. He wasn't good at being a mechanic for a tank. He was used to cars, trucks, and even tractors but anything larger and it was like brain science to him. He let Grady and Gordo handle this part as he took a smoking break. The days followed about the same as others did but now it seemed like everyone started to trust everyone just a little as they had no trouble going to sleep at the same time in the tank.[Chapter 3] Author's Notes After this chapter it will take a while for the next update. I have some typed up but it will take a while for me to finish it so I can post it here. I plan for this fanfic to go for a long time before anything happens between our two ships or anything serious for a up-ranking so please be patient and I wanted to keep the characters and style to stay similar to how the movie was written/played out. I will tell you in advance that the next chapter will probably be much longer than the ones before it. So I hope that can help with the waiting or the wait. Please enjoy~! A week to the day when Fury's old Sergeant and gunner got killed and Don Collier got assigned to them a new gunner appeared in camp. The same truck that dropped Don off, dropped this clean-cut and fresh recruit by the name of Boyd Swan. His first moment at camp wasn't very present as the truck kicked up sand as it rolled away making Corporal Swan choke and cough his lungs out. He continued to cough when the Master Sergeant stepped in front of him with his position already picked out. \"I know, the sand gets some getting used to.\" The Master Sergeant stated starting coldly like he did with everyone off the truck. \"Follow me.\" He continued. Boyd followed him around the camp. \"Where am I going? Which company...crew- I mean?\" Boyd asked trying to keep up as he looked around bewildered by his surroundings and wasn't used to being in a foreign country. \"You'll know soon enough. You are late.\" The Master Sergeant stated in the same tone but Boyd could tell that there was something different. Like he had offended the higher officer by being late. \"Sorry…?\" Boyd let out in a confused whisper. The Master Sergeant stopped in mid-step before turning to face the Corporal. \" You think ….We have unlimited amount of time to wait on yo ass?!\" The Master Sergeant started to yell at him quickly advancing and growing taller than Boyd to make a point. Boyd's eyebrows knotted not showing any weakness at all. In boot-camp he was used to being yelled at for something he did or whoever he made feel inferior because of his intelligence. He was just confused as to why he was being yelled at for such a stupid reason like being a late week because of the trucks couldn't get through. The allies territories were starting to dwindle because of advancing enemy troops. The yelling caught the attention of nearby officers but because they were lower ranks they looked away except for one who appeared between the two- Don. With both of his hands in his pocket he stared not caring that he was intruding on the two of them. He was taller than the Master Sergeant by a few inches but it was still enough for him to intimidate the higher ranking officer. The Master Sergeant stuttered as he was called out about going overboard and letting off steam onto a newbie. \"A-aw...I was looking….for you. Sergeant Collier.\" The Master Sergeant tried his best to compose himself but he was already flustered by Don's appearances. Don gave the same expression as Boyd did and it spooked the Master Sergeant a little. \"...Why?\" Don asked his face relaxing to a neutral expression. The Master Sergeant couldn't speak so he held out his clipboard slightly and Don caught it taking it without permission. Everyone was quiet for a moment as Don read the papers stating that they had a late arrive to the camp today that will be the gunner for the crew known as \"Fury.\" Don looked over the clipboard at the oblivious kid standing shifting his weight sluggishly unsure what to make of the situation unfolding in front of him. \"Swan, Boyd?\" Don asked in an authoritative tone looking down at the clean-cut youth no more than legal age. \"Yes. Corporal Boyd Swan!\" Boyd replied then added the sir at the end quickly. Boyd also forgot to salute so he awkwardly raised his arm up slightly but Don gestured that it was not needed. Boyd looked at Don even more bewildered than he was looking around the camp. Who was this. Who-How could a Sergeant scare a Master Sergeant? \"I'm Don Collier. I'm in command of Fury. You're our new gunner.\" Don stated bluntly as he lowered the clipboard. Boyd was wide-eyed at this straightforwardness that he thought the army frowned upon but here it was in this person in front of him. Giving orders. Taking names. Boyd's subconscious laughed at himself for thinking of something so childish. \"Here.- Come with me.\" Don give the clipboard back to the Master Sergeant rather rudely slapping it on the officer's stomach without warning and causing him to drop it. Embarrassed he stood there. Boyd unconsciously followed Don down the artificial tent created alleyways. Boyd caught himself watching Don's every move, gesture, and feature but he was behind Don so all he could see was his back. Don was wearing a heavy army jacket in this heat where everyone else was either topless or in a tank top. This made Boyd interested in knowing why. His quick observation told him that it had to do with hiding something. Boyd had been lost in thinking what that secret was. His mind ran through many theories. He said no to a tattoos cause being an old army vet, Don would be proud of it so scratch that. Unless he was in WWI fighting against the US then it was something to hide. Boyd thought it was safe to say that it had to be a scar or wound that never healed right. So his new command was secretive and had a sense of mystery to him. \"Had any training, kid?\" Don asked slowing his pace and looking over his shoulder at Boyd who finally snapped out of his thoughts and actually looked at Don. The one in reality who was now giving a rather serious and severe facial expression. On anyone else would irritate Boyd to where he would reply sarcastically. From what he could gather from how Don handled the Master Sergeant, he wasn't one to take that very well. \"Yes. particularly Think-Sleep tank, Sir.\" Boyd replied truthful. This time raising his arm in salute at the right now and accidentally dropping his pack in his quickness to impress. Corner of Don's lip curled into a small smirk at how the fresh ones could be so cute. Especially this one. Boyd almost missed it as he lowered his arm in an astounded state. Leaning forward a little blushing a very pale shade of pink. \"Excellent. I was worried. Seeing as you're just a sprout.\" Don commented turning to face forward. He hid a wider smile as he begun to continue walking towards the tank. Boyd paused longer tripping a little over his own feet when he started to walk again. \"Sprout!? What makes you think-Ah...\" Boyd asked a little too loud as he was stopped by an abrupt pull on his wrist. Don pulled him into the shade of an empty tent on the far corner of camp. Boyd's eyes widen as he saw both of Don's arms flash forward to each side of him. Boyd reflexes forced his eyes to close for what may come his way. For shouting at his commander or for the back talk. When nothing seemed to be heading his way and it stayed quiet Boyd opened his eyes from a tight squint- opening his eyes one by one. Boyd saw Don leaning over him, tent fabric behind him but there was an opening at the bottom if he needed to get away fast or if he was fast enough but he knew he wouldn't be so he just gazed into the eyes of the older male. Don didn't get why everyone was scared of him or why people thought that getting hit as there go-to option for things like this.. Don didn't look impressed when Boyd finally opened his eyes completely. Don felt himself irked by this Corporal. He felt himself annoyed but he let it side for now as he wanted to discuss about a completely different topic. What Don felt in his chest could wait much later than what was on his mind now. This matter was urgent and couldn't wait. The Master Sergeant should have never let Don see those papers and test results. He knew the signature from his own test. It had been the same one who signed and faked his test. Corporal Boyd Swan had lied about something and he needed to know what it was before he let him meet the rest of the crew. \"What part did you cheat on?\" Don asked in a harsh whisper glaring at Boyd. Boyd plays dumb and shakes his head then arched his neck knotting his eyebrows silently saying that what Don was asking was absurd to even think of doing that. Don's hands grabbed Boyd's forearms tightening sending pain through them. Boyd flitched as he tensed up from pain. \"Ow...Ouch...A-ah age.\" Boyd confessed in a whimper quickly hoping for the pain to stop. Don was much stronger than Boyd had first realized- He was like a small animal to Don's predator like presence. Boyd was actually afraid of him now but he still held onto his curiosity but right now was a complicated position he was in. Boyd had just lied about how he answered the entrance exam. Don loosen his grip on Boyd just a little. He hasn't heard it clearly through Boyd's high voice. \"Again.\" He ordered coldly. Boyd took a quick breath before answering. \"I cheated about my birthday by a few months! Well...not even but the Major who-\" Boyd was interrupted by Don groaning at his answer. Finding out what the stupid kid put down wrong on the test. Letting a hand fall from Boyd's arm and found another place covering Don's eyes starting to rub the wrinkles between his eyebrows and forehead not believing he had someone illegal on his team. Boyd straighten up feeling uncertain of what to do or say so he started to spurt out nonsense. \"I'm legal. That was when I joined the army. I-It took a while to learn the shermans...ah...um\" Boyd let his sentence fade as he saw Don drop his hand from his face looking at him like he just heard a bad joke. In a way he had. Don didn't notice that Boyd had grabbed his elbow when he had loosen his grip and kept a hand on Boyd's arm. It felt strangely soothing but Don pulled away before either of them could say anything about it. \"Come on, Ugly Duckling. Let's have you meet the flock.\" Don stated stepping away from Boyd and out of the tent playing coy and acting as if he was angry with the delay that Boyd caused. Boyd didn't know if he liked this better or the yelling more. He knew he liked things to be straightforward more than things hidden between lines or through a ruse. Don was not being honest with himself. The whole delay seemed to grow more and more like an excuse to touch the young Swan but he wasn't going to break his rules of not getting attached or something much worse than breaking his own rule- breaking a rule of the army's. Don quickly learned when he immigrated to the States he learned that they weren't very open-minded about things that Europe had long ago forgot about. Boyd followed Don exactly like a baby bird. Don could feel Boyd's eyes burning into his back and he felt it alight as if it was on fire again. Don's chest tightened but he let it wash over him for he couldn't show that he was in pain. especially not in front of Boyd or his crew. He waited till it past and it did, when Boyd stopped staring at his back when they finally reached the other members of Fury. \"Meet our new gunner.\" Don introduced Boyd to them lazily. The others eyed Boyd like a hawk would a rabbit. It made Boyd a little uneasy but he learned a long time ago to never show that it bothered you. Boyd put on a smile and acted friendly. Grady was sitting out of the tank and was the first to meet the new gunner. Grady thought a little young like Don had but he didn't know how young. \"Hello. I'm Corporal Boyd Swan. Nice to meet you.\" Boyd smiled a winning smile toward Grady. Grady stood up to greet him and told him his name back before shaking hands. Don had expected Grady to be wary of their new gunner like they had been of him when he first came but it seemed like a mutual friendly greeting. Don was a little taken aback that his loader-gunner team started that easy, but was glad. \"Grady- Have Boyd go through the tank for you.\" Don ordered glancing at them both quickly. Lighting a cigarette to see if he could spot the others. Grady had helped Boyd onto the tank. \"Grady. Where are the others?\" Don asked in a inquive manner. His voice sounded foreign. Like the country they were in but no one but Boyd noticed and paused causing Grady to look back at Don confused. \"I'm not sure...food probably or sleep cause the tank is a mess right now…\" Grady explained honestly. The three of them had started to oil and clean all the parts on the tank cause the sand kept getting into it. It was starting to get really annoying. Who wants sand finding it's way into something mechanical or in the machine guns. Don breathed in heavily before nodding his head in response to Grady's answer to he didn't know. Don decided to go find them and left the two alone to work in private. Don thought it would be a good idea to take a cold shower. The sand and grime was starting to build up and become uncomfortable. Under those pretexts he headed to the showers. Zoning out as he undressed himself he was always neat when it came to his things and folded his dirty clothes in a basket before grabbing a towel to cover himself up. Don walked into one of the stalls and turned on the water for a moment before cutting it off to save it once he was soaped up. Whispers from other soldiers came into earshot letting Don hear more gossip. The boring events of the day where mostly what Don heard about in the beginning but as more stalls filled he could heard that what happened with the Master Sergeant and himself was starting to escalate into a full out brawl with biting and name-calling. Don rolled his eyes as these didn't miss his ears as he started to wash his hair. \"I don't believe that!\" \"Yeah! They started to roll on the ground and curse each other out!\" \"Don't you mean eat each other?\" an hardcore redneck catcalled back at the other two snickering to themselves. Don glanced over to check what they were doing and also what they looked like so he would know who to spook later. This regiment had no control of itself at all. He felt sorry for the rest of the army to have these guys be the first ones into battle. Don paid it no mind for now as he finished rinsing off the soap before heading through the other stalls so they knew he was there and heard every word they said. \"Do you talk to your girlfriend with that mouth?\" Don growled toward the redneck badmouthing him. The redneck was much younger than him but older than Boyd by a few years but they didn't account toward his mental state. Don quickly became grateful toward that dumb fuck of a Major who fudged his and Boyd's tests. If assholes like these guys could pass the test then something was majorly wrong with it. Don snickered softly through his nose as he walked past not listening to the swear words he had heard before and grew to appreciate them if he hadn't heard it for a while or it was a new one. The redneck called him something new. It made Don smile bitterly as he continued to walk to the changing rooms to dry off and get dressed. He grabbed a pair of clean regulated clothes but planned to wash his old ones. Putting on his jacket before picking the dirty clothes up. Leaving just as the younger males finished. He was glad because he wasn't looking for a fight. Or at least not right now after getting dirt off him already. Don had indirectly called the young dickwads dirt. If his superiors heard his inner thoughts he would be honorably discharged. Don didn't let any of them out loud so he was safe for now unless god wanted his head for it later. They still had a battle ahead of them. The two weeks they had to prepare was almost over. Don was thinking about Boyd- the new gunner more than anyone else in his crew now. He didn't mind it but he was going to keep naive as to what he knew about the feelings welding up into his chest that he knew actually what it was going to turn into later. The familiar feeling reminded him of his late...dead girlfriend and his back burn begun to string again. Don felt superstitious and that that was her being angry with him for falling for another person. He felt he needed to be away from the tank for a while and headed to the food tent to hopefully find it empty. Grady quickly learned that their new gunner knew his stuff! Boyd was just short of a genius when it came to the sherman tank. Boyd even guessed by observing Grady that he was the loader of the large-caliber gun. Grady wasn't usually a simpleton but for a good gunner he would let it slide. \"I see you made it quite homie...with your photographs…\" Boyd said a little shyly at seeing the pinups on Grady's side of the tank. Grady whistled like a wolf smiling at his beauties. \"Aren't they somethin'?\" Grady added staring at them fixated on them his hand dangerously close to his crotch for Boyd's liking. It made Boyd unease to sit next to him. \"Yes...Yes they are something.\" Boyd stated nodding a little too fast and agreeing to much for Grady's liking. Grady eyed his gunner strangely sitting straight in his seat from where he was leaning to see his calender better. \"You ain't a…\" Grady drawn out making Boyd tense up expecting something he wasn't ready to be called out like that yet. \"a virgin.\" Grady whispered pulling Boyd close to him by the shoulder teasingly. Smiling widely as if he had hit it right on the head. That wasn't what Boyd thought it would be and was a bit relieved but he still blushed at the word being said out loud. Grady's grinned got wider the longer Boyd froze. \"NO! …..maybe...yeah.\" Boyd quickly said as he glared at Grady- his face annoying him more than it ever will so far. Then after a while he had to be honest and nodded slowly to confirm that he was indeed a virgin. Actually he was for everything. Boyd was a swanling and was secretly naive and innocent to the realm of anything to do with romance or love. Or just sex. \"Don't worry, buddy. I got ya covered once we hit a big town.\" Grady promised patting Boyd's shoulder to signify that he wouldn't forget it as long as they lived he would find Boyd a girl. Boyd wasn't really looking forward to it through but he faked a smiled and nodded quickly to keep the peace. \"Okay. If you say so.\" Boyd said shyly feeling very embarrassed about this conversation. Boyd didn't have the time to tell him he didn't want to have anything outside of marriage or that he didn't quite get such a on-hard for girls as he liked to or for any other gender for that matter. Boyd did spot a photograph between the pinups. \"Who's that?\" Boyd asked using his chin to point trying to get off the subject of girls and doing anything to them other than look at them. Grady turned to look at what Boyd had spotted. \"Oh...that my older brother and my sis.\" Grady explained going over there to cover it up a bit. Boyd thought he was shy but it was actually Grady who was the shyest out of them. Boyd figured that Grady was probably the least known about in the crew. Grady asked the questions- he didn't give answers. \"Oh…\" Boyd replied feeling awkward now by the answer and not sure where to go from there. He shifted awkwardly again in his stool. \"You should meet the others.\" Grady coughed as he stood up to get out of the tank with ease waiting for Boyd who had a hard time. Grady turned and used his shoulder to hide a laugh from Boyd. \"Shut up!\" Boyd wasn't one to miss when he was being made fun of. Grady shrugged but smiled back. \"Come on. Before the boss comes back.\" Grady teased jumping down the tank and turned to wait for Boyd. Boyd looked confused for a second. He sat on the edge of the tank like a kid before launching himself off the tank. Grady snorted thought his nose this time laughing at Boyd secretly. This time Boyd missed it. \"Boss?\" Boyd asked following close to Grady. Now keeping pace with him evenly but looked at him sideways. Boyd was almost walking sideways too to watch Grady's expression. \"Yea. Don. Or Sergeant Don Collier. He prefers Don. Doesn't like formalities.\" Grady explained truthfully. Boyd followed in again walking side-by-side Grady now but looked down to think. \"I noticed. Hey...um how old is he?\" Boyd asked curiousity starting to surplus his control. Seeing as formalities were out the window. Grady stopped dead in his track to gap at Boyd for such a question. Boyd felt uneasy at how Grady reacted but was relieved as soon Grady shook it off and continued to walk. \"Older than me. That I know. You should ask him yourself.\" Grady answered kind of vague and sort of a challenge toward Boyd. He wanted to see how Don would take that kind of intrusion. Don didn't like to go in depth of his past or about himself too much. Boyd pushed him now casually with his shoulder. Almost tripping Grady over head first. They both laughed about it as they made their way to the food tent. It was starting to become dinner time for the company yet there had been no one coming into the tent for food except for a few officers. Don took this chance to grab stuff he hadn't had a chance in getting before because it was all gone by the time he usually arrived. Red appeared first with a tray for two behind him and Gordo in front of him sitting across from Red. Don looked up at them and was surprised that they found him. Don felt like there had been a homing beacon set off at the same time for his crew to find him in such a hurry. It didn't help that it was dinner time but to have Grady and Boyd enter just as Red and Gordo sat down was even coincidental on their part. Boyd spotted Don first sitting with two other males as he figured to be the rest of Fury. Grady overtook Boyd and went to grab a tray of grub for himself leaving Boyd standing there starry-eyed until Gordo said something. \"Wha'cha staring at?\" Gordo asked in a loud threatening voice. Anyone who knew him that was fake and he was actually a big teddy bear. Red schooled him for yelling at the kid. \"Get over here.\" Don stated in his usual commanding cold tone but this time it had a secret warmth to it. Boyd had caught it or he was just imagining things. His mind seemed to be doing that recently. Others blamed it on the heat and sand getting into ya eyes. Boyd made his way slowly to the table and sat on the other side of Don. When he was seated Don grabbed his mug filled with coffee, he leaned back relaxing his whole body and his legs fanned out just enough for one knee to brush Boyd's. Boyd twitched slightly at the sudden touch but he tried to be subtle and looked at where they touched. Glancing through the table slowly pretending to be looking at Don's tray. \"Grady! Grab Boyd some food too! Would ya?\" Don ordered over at him as he was having trouble picking up a piece of meat and wasn't really prepared to take orders at that moment. The others could hear his groans as he almost dropped his own tray. \"Okay...Sir- Or get it yourself!\" Grady called back trying to give his secret ballerina practice tonight. Don looked forward again from looking over his shoulder at Grady and looked at Boyd. Boyd's mind rushed-Did Don do that on purpose? To create a chance to look at him? \"Might as well.\" Don breathed to mostly to himself as he stood up finishing his coffee and placing it back onto the table. \"Get some more, Boyd.\" He ordered picking it up again and handing it over to Boyd. Boyd quickly took it and rushed over to the coffee maker in the opposite corner where Grady was. Don stepped over to where the trays were and walked behind where Boyd was. A little too close for Boyd's comfort. Boyd could feel Don's presence behind him almost as soon as he stepped forward. Don leaned to grab Boyd a mug. \"You want coffee?\" Don asked in a low whisper, his breath hitting Boyd's ear startling him to turn toward Don suddenly. \"Yeah. That meat thing over there looks somewhat edible…\" Boyd commented on the mystery meat that Grady had just been wrestling before. Don chuckled lightly showing off a wide grin. A new expression for Boyd. It made him feel like Don thought him special or something along those lines. Maybe he could ask those personal questions. \"How about this?\" Don asked pointing at something another shade of brown and floating in gravy. Boyd stepped to the side to follow Don just barely leaning on and brushing against his arm. \"How about you tell me your age?\" Boyd tried bravely. Then his couraged wavered and he begun to laugh nervously. Don just glared over his nose at him as he covered the plate in brown stuff and brown meat. Boyd was beginning to get scared. The others now all at the table but the two at the bar talking it seemed. Red was the first to notice. He pointed to them asking in a whispered to the others. Gordo looked confused and not sure what to make of it. Don and Boyd what? Grady span around lazily confused and curious to see what Red had pointed at but when he saw that it was the Sergeant and the gunner he was even more confused then he realized what was going on. \"Oh. I challenged the kid to ask Don personal questions.\" Grady explained sitting next to Gordo. The others looked horrified at the idea. They all leaned into a circle to whisper about it in more detail. \"Are you sure it was a good idea to... get the kid to-\" Gordo started but was cut off by Red. \"It could loosen them both up.\" Red said glancing at them for a second seeing as they started to grow relaxed with each other. The others scolded him by calling his name drawn out and in shock. Red smiled as if he just farted and he had no regrets. The others glared at him for a second before going back to normal crew talk and talk about the new crew member. Don continued to stare at Boyd before turning away and letting the question go. Boyd was half relieved and half disappointed to not have an answer. \"Late twenties.\" Don finally replied in a low voice Boyd almost missed it. Boyd stared at Don surprised. \"Twenties?\" Boyd asked again. Then Don leaned into Boyd's side facing his profile. Boyd looked forward not wanting to meet his gaze. \"You lied about your age. I should be able too. But I'm being vague.\" Don explained before pulling away pulling a side of his lips into a smirk before picking something for himself too and turned to go sit. Boyd was stunned for a moment before he shook it off and followed Don to the tables. They quickly joined everyone and Boyd begun to eat. While Don stole what he got himself. This was new to everyone seeing Don share with someone but it was just mainly Don eating off of someone else's tray. Still a sight to behold and they were glad that it was them-or just a few of the officers. Don knew he was letting his guard down in front of him but it was just part of him trying to get to know his crew and have them get to know him. If they couldn't trust him out of the tank how could they trust him inside the tank? ","Summary":" Author's Note Hello! Morning from Shampoo with the first chapter tidbit for a Fury fanfic. I hope y"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"The House in the Marsh","Author":"TheBaileyMonster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7804787","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I just saw this movie last night and it scared the crap out of me! I loved it so much I wrote a story about it. Sorry this chapter isn't very long or as well written as I'd have liked. I wrote this quickly so that I could get it out fast. I'm writing the next chapter now, please review and tell me what you think! It keeps me going! :) I had just married my wife Eliza. We still had that newlywed feeling between us. We were always cheery and we had not a care in the world as long as we had one another. She had always told me she wanted to settle down and start a family. I had promised her that once we were married that I would buy us a house and we would do just that, settle down. When I found out she was pregnant I finally started searching for a house. A few months later our daughter, Sarah was born. The idea seemed new to me. I never really had a family. My brother died when I was very young and my parents had never seemed the same since. Eliza and I looked for a house, but we didn't have much money at the time. I was a doctor, but I was new to the practice and I hadn't set up an office yet. That's when I found that gem of a town. It was a small village. Coincidentally enough, there was a house we could afford and I could set up a practice there. From what I heard the house was a jewel itself, A little out of the way, but large and elegant. The man who sold it to me failed to mention what happened there. Even though the house was a chore, we bought the house. I was a doctor and I planned to open up an office in the small village. We arrived in the village on our first day. All of our belongings were in the back of my buggy. After the long journey to the village Eliza was tired so we stopped inside an Inn to get some refreshments before heading to our new home. The Inn Keeper excused himself from the room upon our entering. Instead, a woman took his place gazing at us with sad eyes. \"What can I get for you?\" \"Could I have some water please?\" Eliza asked her. She was carrying Sarah in her arms. The woman fetched her glass then turned to me. \"Please, Sir…\" She whispered, \"Get out of that house while you can. It causes nothing but tragedy…\" Her eyes shifted to Sarah. \"I beg of you…\" I furrowed my brow in confusion. \"Pardon me?\" \"Thank you, miss,\" Eliza said, setting down her empty cup and tossing a coin next to it. The Inn Keeper reappeared then, stepping in. \"Y'all best be going now, before the tide comes in.\" \"Right. Of course,\" I said, smiling weakly. I put an arm around Eliza and lead her out. What was wrong with the house we had purchased? Was everyone in this village so hostile towards newcomers? We arrived at our actual house late in the afternoon. The path leading to the house was covered in water when the tide came in so we were stranded at our house at certain times. It was one of the setbacks of having a home surrounded by marsh. I unloaded some of our trunks and lead Eliza and Sarah inside. The house wasn't what I had imagined. It may have once been elegant but now it was dark and trashed. Dusty furniture cluttered the room and cobwebs hung from the ceiling. It was not an ideal living space. It gave off a rather spooky feeling. Eliza walked over and picked up a picture frame. \"I wonder who this is.\" She said curiously. The picture was of a small boy and what appeared to be his mother. I shrugged. \"It looks like the last owners left all of their possessions here. Maybe it's one of them. Here, let me see it.\" She handed me the picture and picked up a different one. Sarah laughed, staring at the second floor. \"What's so funny, Sarah?\" Eliza cooed. The baby giggled staring at the unknown object. \"I'll go see how it looks upstairs,\" I said, setting down the bags. I was more curious to find what was entertaining my daughter so much. I pulled a match from my pocket and lit a candle as I walked up the stairs. I still had the picture frame in my hands. Some light shone into the hallway from the last room at the end of the hallway. I walked inside to see it might have once been a nursery. Dolls littered the floor. I was more disturbed to find writing on the wall. I set the picture down on the muddy bed and walked closer to investigate. YOU COULD HAVE SAVED HIM That was what was written on the wall in crimson. I couldn't help but note that it deeply resembled blood. I shivered. This place was not what I had hoped it would be. I looked out the window and saw it had started to rain. I retrieved the picture. Now we wouldn't be able to leave until at least tomorrow. I was starting to realize the problems of living in a house surrounded by marsh. I turned to leave but something caught my eye, a quick movement. I thought I'd seen a shadow. I left the room quickly, but before I'd left I heard someone whisper one word. \"Mine.\"[Chapter 2] Hey guys! I tried to make this chapter a little bit better… please leave me feedback, it keeps me going! Also I do not own the poem used, if you are wondering where it is from, it is actually from the trailer for The Woman in Black. I just thought that I would try to incorporate it, but I do not own it! Also, I'd like to add that next chapter is more hands on. So far they've only gotten glimpses of the ghosts, but next chapter I'm going to try to make them interact more...okay sorry this intro is so long! Enjoy the chapter! Neither the shadow nor the whisper bothered me. I wasn't the superstitious type and I was not scared easily. I simply figured that it was an old house. Old houses make noises. It had also been a long day. My mind was probably playing tricks on me. Although the writing on the walls was a little strange I disregarded it. The last owners could have been crazy or a child from the village could have painted it here as a joke. My mind was filled with constructive thoughts. I thought I could rebuild the nursery into a room for Sarah. I realized then that I hadn't found what she was laughing at. It was probably nothing. I missed that innocence, being able to see nothing at all and find composure in it. \"Is it alright up there? Did you find anything interesting, James?\" Eliza's voice broke my thoughts. \"No. It's a mess up there though. It looks as though a tornado tore through the rooms.\" She sighed. \"This house was dramatically overstated. I see now why it was so inexpensive.\" I realized that I was still holding on to the picture so I set it down on a small table. \"Don't worry, darling. We can fix this place up. I'm going into town tomorrow to see if an office is available so that I can start working.\" She smiled at me. \"What a lovely idea.\" That evening, I set up Sarah's crib and put her in it while Eliza started to clean up the kitchen. I was clearing up the study when I found a picture. The desk had been littered with mountains of paperwork. It was photograph of the woman and her son from the other picture along with another person whom I assumed was the father. What was peculiar about this picture was that the eyes had been scratched out. \"Eliza, come in here! I've just found the strangest thing!\" I heard a clang from the kitchen. After a moment I called to her again. \"Eliza!\" Before I could utter another word she screamed. I dropped the picture and ran to her. She was standing against a wall staring at the window in fright. \"Eliza, Darling? What is it?\" \"I saw something!\" She said, pointing a finger to the window. She was shaking. \"There! Outside! I saw a child!\" \"A child? Eliza, it's raining and the tide is in. There can't be anyone out there.\" \"I'm telling you what I saw! There was someone out there! They were watching me, James!\" I put a gentle hand on the side of her face, \"Calm down, you're just tired. You've been working like a dog in here. Why don't you lie down and relax for a bit? I haven't checked the Master Bedroom but it can't be as much of a disaster as this room.\" She nodded, but before she left the room she turned back around. \"I don't like this house, James.\" \"It'll just take some getting used to, that's all.\" She looked at the window and shuddered. \"I hope so.\" I heard her pick up Sarah and go upstairs. I went back to the study and lit the fireplace. I needed to get rid of these papers. I tossed pile after pile into the fire, listening to it crackle in protest. The light it cast danced around the walls. I tossed the photograph in too. Eliza was having enough trouble adjusting to the old house; I did not want to frighten her any more than she already was. With the desk clear, I went upstairs. It was pretty late and the house was at its darkest. I managed to get to the second floor without stumbling and I made my way to our room. She had managed to clear the room and it looked almost presentable. Eliza was asleep, Sarah in her crib that she had moved into the bedroom. They looked so peaceful. I crept next to Eliza, careful not to wake her up, and quickly fell asleep. Only a few hours later I woke up. Eliza was standing over Sarah's crib, reaching for her. Sarah wasn't crying so I wondered what was going on. \"Eliza, what are you doing?\" She pulled away and turned to face me. I was horrified to see, that it was not my wife at all. It was a woman… a woman who was dressed entirely in black. She had gray looking skin but I didn't get a close look at her face because she was wearing a dark veil. \"Who are you?\" The woman raised her gloved hand, which held a piece of paper, and screamed. I sat up breathing heavily. I must have been dreaming. Light was shining in through the window and I was alone in the room. I stood up, letting the sunlight fully wake me. Then I saw on the small table next to the bed a folded piece of paper. It looked vaguely familiar. I opened it up cautiously and read it. During afternoon tea, there's a shift in the air. A bone trembling chill, that tells you she's there. There are those who believe, that the whole town is cursed. But the house in the marsh, is by far the worst. What she wants is unknown, but she always comes back. The specter of darkness, The Woman in Black. I pondered the note. Was this poem supposed to be some sort of riddle? It felt similar to my dream...the woman in black... I tucked it into my pocket for safekeeping. I got dressed and walked downstairs, questions still swirling through my head.[Chapter 3] Wow! There are so many reviews! Thank you so much guys! I read every single one of them and they made my day! Glad to hear you like the story so far! I will definitely continue it! Leave me feedback for this chapter and tell me what you think! Love you all! I am currently working on the next chapter so stay tuned! I think I'll post it this weekend, sorry for the wait. : I just have tons of reports for school that I'm putting off by writing this chapter, so I have to do those first…anyway sorry this intro is so long again, but I promise I'll work on the next chapter soon and have it out by the weekend sometime or maybe before! Also, next chapter they get a visitor…DUN DUN DUN! I'll try to make it a fantastic chapter! Enjoy! The tide was out. I couldn't have been more relieved. Being stuck in the house was not a good feeling. I felt trapped. I was going into town to find an office so that I could start working. I hoped that not everyone would come off as hostile, like the Inn keeper had. Eliza said she would bring Sarah and come into town with me. She said she needed to get groceries but I'm pretty positive that she was too scared to stay alone in the house until the tide was once again out. We left the house, following the long path towards the marsh where my buggy was. We passed a graveyard which I had failed to notice before because it was hidden by the trees. It gave the already creepy house an even more eerie feel. How had the bank failed to mention that before selling us this house? I was starting to understand my wife's distress. I pulled away from the house, driving quickly through the mud. As we drove away I couldn't help but feel like I was being watched. It was a disturbing feeling. We passed the wooden cross that somehow managed to stay sturdy in the wet marsh. Arriving back into town we were greeted by the same amount of hospitality as we had when we first showed up, just as I had feared. While we drove through the village I observed that there were no other clinics. That meant that there were no doctors. I dropped off Eliza and Sarah at the small building with a sign reading: GROCER AND TELEGRAPH Then I went to the constable's office to see if there were any empty buildings in town for sale that I could start an office at. The constable was a grumpy looking man with gray hair. Upon my entering he looked up from some papers and frowned in my direction. \"Excuse me, constable, I'm sorry to trouble you but I'm looking for a commercial building I could rent out for a while? I'm a doctor you see, and I was hoping to set up an office in town.\" The constable eyed me closely then pulled out a brown folder which he quickly shuffled through. \"No, I'm sorry sir. There are no buildings available at this time.\" \"No buildings available? There must be at least one.\" \"No. Not one. I think you're better off leaving town and finding a better place to set up an office.\" \"Leaving town? I just moved here with my wife and daughter. I live just over the hill at Eel Marsh House. Please constable, I need a place to work.\" \"I'm sorry sir; there are no buildings available at this time.\" I walked out, deeply upset. There had to have been a building available. Half of the places in the village had looked empty and deserted. He was hiding something. He didn't want me to work, he even suggested that I leave town! What was going on? I thought about my office problem on the way to pick up Eliza and Sarah and came to a solution. I figured that if I cleaned up the study at our house that I could pass it off as an office. It was a little out of the way for the village residents, but it would have to make do. There was no other place for me to work from and the people of the village didn't have a doctor. After I picked up my family I stopped at the general store and grabbed a few things. I made a couple signs and hung them around the town, hoping people would notice them. It was rather silly that I was advertising my own doctor's office. I later realized how ridiculous the idea of an at-home clinic was. Luckily, the tide had just gone out when I finished with my business in town and drove home. As we neared our house I saw the wooden cross again and an idea struck me. When I pulled up at the bottom of the hill leading to our house Eliza grabbed Sarah and I took the bags from the back. Before I took them inside I grabbed my last sign and walked out onto the path through the marsh. For being under the water for part of the day it was actually quite solid. The mud around the path didn't look the same though. It was dreadfully foggy and I could hardly see anything more than a few feet away. I made my way to the wooden cross and pulled the sign out from under my arm. Juggling the bags, I tacked the sign to the old wooden post. I took a few steps back and looked at the sign. It read: James Berkley, MD I was finally open for business. I didn't feel very professional but I got the job done. I maneuvered my way through the fog back to where my car stood. I carried the bags up the hill pausing to peek at the graveyard. It was just a small clearing with uneven gravestones covered in moss, but a single gravestone caught my eye. It was taller than the rest because it had an angel statue on the top. It was old and slightly worn away. All that I could make out was: Here lies Jennet…may she…with…only son… The wind whistled around me. I admit then that even though I was not exactly scared, at that point the idea of having dead people buried on my property, so close to my house freaked me out a bit. \"He is mine.\" The whisper hit me like a slap in the face. I dropped the bags I was carrying and they hit the ground with a thud. I turned around, looking for whoever had spoken to me. After searching my surroundings and finding no one I convinced myself that it was just the wind. I was not entirely convinced though. I felt Goosebumps on the back of my neck. \"James? What's taking so long? Are you alright out there?\" I heard Eliza call from the front door. I picked up the bags, trying to process what I had just heard. \"Yes, of course,\" I responded trying to keep my voice calm so that I would not alarm her. I turned to walk away but I saw something. Upon lifting my foot from the soil above Jennet's grave I realized that my shoe had left an imprint. These graves looked rather old, which meant that whoever was buried here had been under the ground for a long time. Yet, this soil was fresh. That was when I realized that there was something wrong with the house, something terribly wrong. I quickly walked away, almost tripping on an outstretched tree branch in my path. I did not, however, walk away fast enough to miss the shadow that moved behind a tree merely a few feet away from where I had just been standing. I had the horrible feeling that I was being watched.[Chapter 4] Hey guys! I finally got it out! Yay! My long awaited chapter I promised. Before I say anything else, I want to tell you guys that I made a facebook page, and if you want updates and previews on my upcoming stories and chapters I recommend liking it so you can stay updated! I'll put up a preview of next chapter there. Sorry to spam you guys like that. : Also thanks a ton for the reviews, you guys are why I'm pursuing this story and I'm happy to say that I have tons of ideas for what to do next. So keep reading! Also, I did not create the poem again. I found this on the Woman in Black's facebook page, so just to repeat that, I do not own it the poem used! Leave me feedback on this chapter, blah blah blah. Enjoy! I'll have the next chapter out as soon as I finish it. I hurried into the house, spooked by the whisper in the graveyard. I slammed the door behind me, locking it with a sharp click. \"What's wrong?\" Eliza asked, eyeing me curiously. \"Nothing at all,\" I stammered. She frowned and I knew she could tell that I was lying. \"James, honestly-\" A loud crash made me jump. \"What was that?\" I asked her. She strode over to an open window and slammed it shut. \"It's storming again!\" \"Storming? I was just out there.\" \"Care to take a look yourself?\" I walked over and sure enough, it was pouring rain. I remember thinking how peculiar it was for the weather to change so quickly all of the sudden like that. Another blast of thunder broke me from my thoughts. \"How odd.\" Eliza turned back around to face me. \"Could you watch Sarah for me? I've almost finished clearing up the sitting room, then I'm going to go work on the nursery. It's quite a mess up there.\" \"Of course,\" I replied. Eliza nodded to her cradle, which was constantly being dragged to different locations around the house so that she could stay in sight. I then decided to clear out the rest of the study. I pulled Sarah and her crib into the room and then stood up. I gasped. On the desk was a picture: An old yellowing photograph of a family of three. I held it up to the light to get a better look at it. Each person had their eyes scratched out. This picture seemed incredibly familiar. Then I realized it. I had tossed this exact photograph into the fireplace last night. Yet, here it was in my hand, without a single burn on it. How had that happened? Sarah waved her small fist in the air and giggled. \"What is it, Sarah?\" She laughed looking at the window in the study. I turned to see what she was looking at and saw nothing. I was about to walk over to look out of it when a loud noise stopped me. At first I thought it was just thunder. Then I heard it again. \"James?\" Eliza called from the kitchen, \"Is that…Is that the door? Is somebody at the door?\" \"I'm not sure,\" I yelled back to her. I walked over and opened it. Sure enough there were two young boys standing there. They looked like brothers. They were in the freezing rain but they didn't look cold. Oddly enough, they were holding handkerchiefs to their necks. \"Are you Dr Berkley?\" One asked. \"Yes, I am. Are you boys alright?\" \"We need some help. I think that we're hurt.\" I nodded, letting them in. I motioned for them to follow me to the study. I let them sit down on a small bench I had in front of my desk. \"Could you remove the handkerchief?\" I asked the first boy. He nodded, wincing as he pulled it off. There was a cut on his neck that was looking pretty serious. \"How did this happen?\" I asked them. The second boy shook his head. \"I can't remember. All I can remember was playing with Robby and then my head hurt.\" \"Where are you r parents? Do they know about this?\" \"I don't know. I can't remember if I told them.\" The other boy, whom I presumed was Robby, nodded in agreement. \"Well it's a good thing that you two found me, these injuries could have been a lot worse. The bad news is that you need stitches. These cuts are deep and if I don't stitch this up then it could rupture again.\" The boys nodded, not showing any signs of fear or any expression at all for that matter. I pulled out some materials and started to stitch up Robby when the other boy spoke again. \"Do you want to hear a song I heard earlier, Dr Berkley?\" I laughed. \"Sure.\" \" Our parents warned us to stay far away, When the tide comes in she comes out to play. She searches the land for a lost one, Wailing and calling until the dawning sun. She enters the village before the morning frost, Searching for children to replace her long lost. One by one, she takes them away, Back to the marsh where they'll forever stay. She'll never give up until she gets them back, No one can stop The Woman in Black.\" I froze and my smile vanished. I stopped stitching up Robby's neck. \"Who is The Woman in Black? Where did you hear such a thing?\" The boy just smiled. \"James, Dear? Was anyone at the door?\" Eliza asked, walking in. I turned to her. \"Just these two boys. Those signs worked rather quickly, don't you-\" \"What two boys?\" \"These two…\" I turned back around to find that there was no one there. \"I swear, Eliza, there were two boys here. I was just stitching up one's neck.\" \"Don't be foolish James. The tide is in.\" I walked over the window now, only to find that indeed, that tide was in. So the boys couldn't have been here. I wasn't sure what was going on. I felt like a madman. \"James? What is this?\" Eliza's voice quivered as she held up the photograph on the desk. \"I'm not sure. I found it here last night.\" \"James, I don't like this house. It scares me.\" \"Darling, it's just an old house, you'll get used to it eventually.\" Eliza screamed. Outside of our window was a woman…in seconds I realized it was the woman from my dream. She was wearing all black with a black veil covering her face. Then I saw a burden in her hands. She was carrying a small bundle. Even then, under her veil, I saw the corners of her lips curve into a smile. Eliza screamed again, grabbing my arm, causing me to take my eyes off of the woman. \"SARAH IS GONE!\" Eliza screamed. I looked back at the window only to find that it was empty. The woman was gone.[Chapter 5] Hey guys, if you don't already know, this chapter is the conclusion to The House in the Marsh. Sorry these last two chapters took so long for me to write! I hope you liked my story and I will continue to write other stories in the future. Thanks for the support and i hope you enjoy the conclusion! Also, if you review, leave me suggestions for a category to write in next! Check my facebook page, which the link for is on my fanfiction profile, for more updates on that. Love you guys! Tell me what you think! A blast of thunder hit and Eliza let out another scream that sounded like sobbing. I tore away from her, running to the front door. I was not going to wait for answers. I was going to get my daughter back. I ran to outside of the study window. The rain was pouring harder now. There was no sign of anyone, except for one thing. There were footprints. Small footprints in the mud that lead back to the path. I looked ahead and realized that they lead all the way down to the graveyard. I followed the path into the graveyard. The heavy rain had changed the ground. Where I noticed the dirt was fresh earlier, the dirt had completely washed away. It revealed a ditch with an old wooden coffin in the ground. Horrified I stepped backwards, tripping over the outstretched branch on the path. I heard a distinct noise in my ear. It sounded exactly like a child. It was Sarah's laugh. I crawled back to my feet, covered in mud. \"Where are you?\" I screamed, \"What have you done with Sarah?\" Lightning flashed and the rain continued to beat down on me. I looked at the house and noticed something. Something about the house had changed. In the Nursery window was the woman. I could barely make out her pale face in the darkness of the room around her. I understood then, that whoever this person - or thing- , was she was The Woman in Black. The words of the two poems echoed in my head. The specter of Darkness, the Woman in Black… No one can stop the Woman in Black… It had been right under my nose this entire time. The way people acted towards us… They all knew something was wrong with this house. Why hadn't they warned me? I felt so stupid…but there was no time for feelings like that now. I quickly trudged through the wet mud back into the house. Eliza was racing up the stairs, screaming hysterically. I didn't even bother to shut the front door, I ran after her, towards the nursery. Eliza had seen her too. The door was ajar and Eliza reached it first. \"Sarah?\" She screamed. I was almost to the door… \"Sarah! Sarah, no!\" I had a clear view of the mirror and I saw something Eliza didn't. The Woman in Black was waiting in the back corner of the room. She was directly next to the writing on the wall watching Sarah. \"Sarah? Sarah, It's mommy! Come here, darling! Please, Sarah, please come to mommy!\" Eliza was trying to sound calm for her daughter but the hysterical hint in her voice was obvious. I threw open the door, looking for the woman. The back corner was empty. Sarah was sitting on the windowsill, barely an inch away from the edge. The window was now open, and Sarah was at a terrible risk of falling at any second. The rain and fog were spilling into the room, creating an ever-growing puddle below the window. She turned her innocent baby eyes at me and smiled. She laughed, turning to the Woman in the corner. I looked to the corner and saw nothing. I knew she was there though. She had always been here. Sarah waved her chubby fist at the figure. Was this what she had been laughing at all along? I did not want to think about the possibilities. I wanted to save my child. I joined into Eliza's coaxing, daring to take another step closer to Sarah. \"Sarah, love? Come here. Come to daddy.\" Eliza's face was tear streaked and her black eye makeup was dripping lines down her face. My statement was responded to by another fit of laughter from Sarah and she teetered nervously on the edge. Eliza took a step towards her, reaching out her arms. \"Sarah? Sweetie? Mommy wants you to come away from the window.\" Eliza's voice cracked and she sounded desperate. In an instant lightning and thunder crashed together and in that moment I saw something in the mirror….Something that made my stomach drop. The Woman in Black nodded to Sarah and the toddler, who had her big blue eyes on the Woman in Black, seemed to understand. She gave me one last smile and then leaned back. Before her silhouette disappeared I heard her high pitched baby voice say one thing, \"Never Forgive.\" Eliza sank to her knees screaming in horror. I was in shock. I had lost the one thing that had mattered most. My mind shut down and I felt numb. The thought that Sarah had hardly been able to say 'da-da' and 'ma-ma' and had just said two complicated words for her age perfectly didn't even occur to me. A splash was heard from outside. Eliza let out another screech. \"NO! MY BABY! SARAH!\" She stood up, sobbing. She took a step forward and I grabbed her arm. \"Eliza! No!\" She wiped away her tears, a glint of madness behind her eyes that so perfectly resembled Sarah's. I turned to look in the mirror and saw that the Woman in Black was still there, her face masked by her veil. I couldn't read her. Eliza turned to me, placing a hand on the side of my face. \"James, it's okay…we can all still be together…\" \"No, Eliza, please!\" She shook off my grip and walked to the window. She looked down, acknowledging what I assumed to be our daughter's corpse. \"Eliza, don't do this!\" \"We can be together. Come with me, James.\" \"You're all I have left!\" I had lost enough; I couldn't bear to lose my wife too. I wasn't giving her up to this-this place ! She was mirroring Sarah's final moments. I dove for her. She wasn't sitting on the window. She still had a chance. She moved out of the way. She paused to look down at me on the floor. \"James, we can be together !\" she repeated. Her face had changed somehow. I was no longer looking at my wife. I felt like I was looking at an insane stranger. She gave me a sad look and I realized that no matter what I did I couldn't stop her. She backed up to the window. \"Together, James.\" Her expression grew determined. Then she was gone. Lightning struck as if on cue, illuminating the window's frame. I stood up. I felt dead. I wanted to die. I just couldn't meet my end now; not like this. I had nothing to live for. I backed away, closer to the door. I saw the Woman in the mirror still. I wanted nothing more than that nightmare to be over. Tick One of the toys littering the floor of the nursery sprung to life. Tick I grabbed the wind-up doll. The Woman in Black was watching me, her reflection in the mirror. I threw the doll at the mirror. The mirror shattered, the image of the woman breaking with each piece. Tick The doll was still going. I ran down the staircase back outside into the rainy yard. \"Eliza!\" I called, not wanting to go anywhere near where their bodies lay. After no response I knew, even deep in my heart, that she was gone. She had left with Sarah. The doll echoed in my head. Tick I wasn't thinking straight. I was losing my mind. I ran straight into the fog surrounding Eel Marsh House. My car was waiting and I just drove. The tide wasn't quite out all the way yet and the car was slower than usual. When I reached the town I got out like a zombie and walked on, desperate to leave the town. I felt the stares of the town on me. A man ushered his son inside muttering, \"Not my boy. Not like Robby and his dear twin Harold.\" Tick I was too preoccupied to take in what he was saying though. I reached the train station and bought a ticket to the nearest town. I had to get away. I didn't fear they would find the bodies. No one would visit the house. I wasn't right in the head. I had lost everything I cared about in this world. It dawned upon me and I fought back tears. I took the ticket and a short while later I boarded the train. The collector made his way up to me. \"Ticket, sir?\" I reached into my pocket and pulled out the small piece of paper, handing it to the collector. \"I'm sorry sir, but you have to have a ticket to board the train.\" He handed me back the paper and I stopped breathing. What was in my hand was the old photograph that I burned my first night. The one I found the next day inexplicably on my desk that portrayed the previous owners with their eyes scratched out. Tick Without a single word, I dug around in my pocket and pulled out my real ticket, handing it to the collector. I yelled in frustration when he left, tearing the photograph into small pieces and dumping them out of the window. Then the train took off. I looked out my window one last time, and to my horror I saw people. I saw the twins who visited me, I saw other children and I saw The Woman in Black. What horrified me most, though, was that among those people I saw Sarah. My Sarah. Then I noticed my beautiful Eliza behind her. Tick I was in denial about their deaths. I thought that maybe they had survived their falls. I opened my window and stood on my seat, craning my head out. \"Eliza! Sarah!\" I called madly. Vaguely I heard the collector call from behind me, \"Sir you must stay seated while the train is in motion!\" I didn't hear him. All I could see was a smile, barely distinguishable, under the Woman in Black's veil. The children all turned to face me, waving in unison. Even under this trance I heard the doll's music. Tick I was so distracted by the sight that I didn't have time to pull my head in when I saw the pole along the side of the tracks. Tick And it tore my head clean off. ","Summary":" Hey guys! I just saw this movie last night and it scared the crap out of me! I loved it so much I w"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Cortos Fury","Author":"PaulitaHoney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11021283","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hola, bueno, no se si alguien valla a leer esto, pero solo lo subire por pura satisfaccion ya que ellos son bastante lindos, si me da la gana subire mas cortos de Don y Norman. Advertencia: seran historias Chico x Chico, asi que si no les gusta... ¡largo! en algun momento habra porno :D Creditos: bueno, esta peli no me pertenece, le pertenese a su guionista, director, etc... Corto No 1 Don y Norman estaban detrás del tanque, sus labios conectados de manera sensual y apasionada mientras se tocaban con ardor, sus lenguas húmedas danzaban dentro de sus bocas, compartiendo caricias y explorando la cavidad ajena, el mayor poso una mano sobre el muslo del menor, este por habito subió su pierna hasta la cadera del mayor, rápidamente este aprovecho la oportunidad y su cadera se pego mas a la del menor provocando un roce delicioso entre sus miembros, Norman dejo salir un sonoro jadeo, Don aprovecho la oportunidad y tomo la otra pierna del menor. Norman por la excitación rodeo las caderas del mayor con sus piernas, el roce entre ambos miembros ahora era más intenso, pronto el menor gemía dentro de la boca de Don el cual se apego mas al Norman apretándolo contra el tanque. -mmh D-Don…-gimió el menor separando un poco sus labios de los del mayor, este comenzó a besar el cuello del menor dejando marcas en la piel-s-sin marcas…-pidió Norman al sentir los chupetones que Don dejaba en su piel. -eres mío…-dijo Don separando sus labios de la piel del menor-te estoy marcando para que nadie más te mire…-ahora miraba el rostro del menor, este estaba sonrojado por el beso, la excitación y las palabras del mayor. -nadie más que tú me puede mirar…-declaro Norman pegando su frente a la del mayor. -oooow ¿no son lindos?-miraron a un costado del tanque, allí estaban Boyd, Trini y Grady mirándolos mientras sonreían. Norman se sonrojo a más no poder mientras escondía su rostro en el cuello del mayor -continúen, nosotros no molestaremos…-dijo Grady apoyado en el tanque, Don solo los quedo mirando a cada uno, estos tenían cara de que solo los querían joder un rato, Don bajo a Norman, lo tomo de la mano y se lo llevó a otro lugar, no dejaría a su niño cerca de ese grupo de idiotas. -¡que infantil eres Don!-le grito nuevamente Grady, Don se giro y con su mano les hiso un gesto obsceno para alejarse más con Norman. -así es el amor compañero-declaro Trini alejándose del lugar. -mejor no molestemos a los tortolitos, luego Don no nos perdonara…- dijo con una sonrisa Boyd caminando tras Trini, Grady solo sonrió y se alejo también, siguiendo a sus compañeros espero que si alguien me leyo, le gustara. PD, si alguien me leyo...me disculpo por no actualizar Abandono, si es que conocen ese fic :P espero actualizarlo pronto. by e[Chapter 2] Estaba sentado sobre la cama, meditando, nervioso, estaba a un par de horas de unir su vida eternamente con alguien. Se puso de pie y camino hacia el tocador, allí había una cajita, la tomo en su mano y la abrió, adentro había una bala, era de Lugger , sonrio al recordar cuando su esposo pronto a ser le pidió matrimonio. Dejó salir una risita con sus mejillas sonrosadas , miro a un lado y allí estaba el traje que usaria en la ceremonia, era su traje militar, se hacerco y lo tocó, dejó salir un suspiro. Tocaron a la puerta y hablo. \"adelante\" Al abrirse la puerta vio a Margareth, ella era la ex-esposa de Don, ella entró luciendo un bello vestido verde y sus labios rojos cereza, usaba el cabello suelto. La mujer le sonrio desde el lugar. \"¿aún no te vistes?\" Pregunto recargado en la puerta, Norman negó y se quitó la bata, la mujer sonrio ampliamente. \"eso es bueno, muchachos entren\" La puerta se abrió y allí entraron dos hombres vestidos con uniformes, uno de ellos traía algo en sus manos. \"ya saben que hacer\" La mujer sonrio, los hombres dieron un pasó hacia adelante, Norman retrocedio. \"¿que...van a hacer?\" Se estaba poniendo nervioso, a decir verdad esos dos le daban mala espina en especial lo que Grady traía en las manos. \"descuida niño, este día será especial\" Luego de ello un grito resono por todo el lugar. \"¿eso fue un grito?\" Pregunto un hombre en otro lugar arreglando la corbata de su traje sin mucho éxito. \"deja, yo te ayudó\" Boyd se paro frente a su amigo y le ayudó a arreglar su corbata. \"¿acaso el ejército no te enseñó a arreglar tú corbata?\" Le dijo con una sonrisa, el mayor le ignoro y acomodó su cabello, el también estaba nervioso, se casaría, nuevamente, dentro de un par de horas, decir que no estaba feliz era mentir, de verdad era feliz, mas por que su esposa se divorcio de el sin molestar, y a ella le gusto mucho Norman cuando lo conoció, pudo jurar que Margareth quería acosar al muchacho. \"¿eres feliz?\" Pregunto el hombre, acariciando la mejilla de su amigo. \"claro que lo soy\" Respondió posando una mano sobre su hombro, se alejo y continuo arreglandose, sólo faltaba un poco y Norman llevaría su apellido, Norman Collier, no sonaba para nada mal. Llegada la hora, Don ansioso estaba de pie en el altar esperando a su amado, observaba ansioso el lugar, sólo quería ver a su hermoso amado entrar por esa puerta. La puerta se abrió y su estómago se rebolvio, pero quién entró por allí era Margareth, y extrañamente lucía demasiado feliz, ella le dio una gran sonrisa y se sentó en un puesto justo adelante donde deberían estar Boyd, Grady y Trini, ellos no estaban allí. Escucho un golpe tras la puerta y luego un sin fin de groserías y amenazas de muerte o cortar partes delicadas. Todos se giraron al ver la puerta abrirse, allí entró Trini con una sonrisa y se puso de pie a un lado de Don. \"¿que era ese escándalo?\" Pregunto, no obtuvo respuesta, la puerta se abrió de par en par y allí vio a Norman sujetando el brazo de Boyd, más bien parecía que Boyd sujetará su mano para que no saliera corriendo y Grady estaba tras él. Quedó pasmado en su lugar, Norman no usaba el uniforme, traía puesto un hermoso vestido de novia, completamente blanco, abultada, su rostro era cubierto por un velo hermoso y en su mano sujetaba un ramo de rosas rojas, tenía sus ojos cerrados, sus mejillas estaban rojas, y parecía que lloraria. Norman al ser obligado comenzó a caminar siendo sujetado fuertemente por Boyd y a ratos empujado por Grady. \"los odio...arruinaron mi boda\" Dijo en voz baja, trataba de no llorar de vergüenza, sentía que su boda se había arruinado, la gente estaba en silencio, no podía mirar a Don. \"descuida, tú boda está a salvo\" Dijo Grady desde atrás, Norman se detuvo un momento y fuertemente golpeó la pierna de Grady con el taco de su bota. \"hijo de puta te arrancare la cabeza pequeña puta...\" Siseo de dolor el hombre. \"respeto estamos en la casa del señor\" Dijo Boyd dándole una palmadita a la mano de Norman. \"descuida, todo está bien\" Llegaron al altar, porfin el joven miro a su amado, este le miraba sorprendido, estiro su mano para que Norman la tomara. \"te ves hermoso\" Hablo Don tomando cariñosamente la mano de Norman, este se sonrojo, curbo sus labios en una sonrisa con sus mejillas más rojas. Ambos estaban listo, la ceremonia comenzó, todos estaban felices por la unión de ambos, habían soldados y altos mando, los únicos que no asistieron fueron los padres de Norman ya que no estaban nada contentos por la unión de ambos. Con dolor Norman recordó el día que le dijo a sus padres que se casaría con otro soldado, su madre lloro y su padre le dio una fuerte bofetada diciéndole cosas hirientes, Norman dejó la casa llorando, no supo nada de ellos. Dejó salir un suspiro y sintió como su amado presionaba su mano, le sonrio, esa hermosa sonrisa que decía \"todo está bien amor\" le sonrio de regreso. La ceremonia continuo Grady entregó los anillos, ambos dijeron sus votos los cuales eran personales, al calzar los anillos en sus dedos, Norman dejó el apellido Ellison y tomo el de Don, ahora era Norman Collier y se sentía enormemente feliz, concretaron su unión con un dulce beso siendo vitoreados por todos los presentes. Don feliz tomo a Norman en sus brazos estilo nupcial y salieron de la capilla, afuera llovian pétalos de rosas blancas, ambos estaban felices, había sido un día muy especial, al ser bajado fue abrazando por su esposo y beso su frente. \"tengo curiosidad\" Hablo Don mirando fijamente a su ahora esposo. \"¿que es?\" Pregunto el joven tomando la mano de su amado, este se le acerco y le hablo al oído. \"¿es sólo el vestido, o es el conjunto completo?\" Norman se sonrrojo hasta las orejas, no quería responder eso, estaba avergonzado. \"el conjunto completo...luchamos por una hora para ponérselo\" Dijo Trini posando su mano sobre el hombro del de novia. \"el niño es salvaje, me mordió la mano varias veces\" Hablo ahora Grady mostrando su mano llena de marcas de mordidas. \"la ropa la elegí yo...quién mejor que una ex-esposa para saber los gustos del hombre\" Ahora hablo Margareth tomando a Don del brazo, este la miro con una ceja alzada y la pelirroja le guiño un ojo. \"lo disfrutaras\" Norman estaba rojo. Luego recibieron felicitaciones y los mejores deseos para su matrimonio, al momento llegó un Jeep militar, Don se subió junto a Norman, y se marcharon entre aplausos y silvidos, luego celebraron y bailaron, Norman arrojó el ramo que atraso Margareth, y cuando Don arrojó la liga la atrapor Boyd, fue un momento muy gracioso ya que Boyd estaba de pie con una copa de Champán en la mano, la liga callos en su copa y Grady se arrojó sobre el y tomo la liga poniéndola en el brazo de Boyd arrojandole besos, luego de la celebracion era el momento de una privada sólo para ellos. ahora ambos estaban abrazádos compartiendo un dulce beso luego de haber pasado una hermosa noche terminando de unir su compromiso. Norman acostado sobre el pecho de su esposo dejó salir un suspiro lleno de tristeza, Don cuenta de esto lo abrazo con fuerza y beso su cabello, sabía que estaba así por sus padres. \"te amo mi vida\" Le dijo para que se relajar, el menor sonrio y beso el pecho de su amado, sabía que con él seria feliz de su vida, ahora lo era y nada más importaba que ser amado y respetado por Don, el llevar su apellido lo era todo para el y era enormemente feliz a su lado... Gracias por asistir a la boda de... Don y Norman Collier...[Chapter 3] Advertencia: este corto contiene Lemon y pareja Boyd xNorman Su mano se movió tocando con delicadeza aquella piel sensible y suave, trataba de ser lo más cuidadoso posible, quería que su amante disfrutarán cada caricia, cada beso, cada palabra lanzada con amor. El joven bajo su cuerpo gemia y suspiraba cada vez que aquellas manos lo tocaban transmitiendole amor. Boyd se inclino, beso la boca del joven, era un beso calmado, dulce, lleno de sentimientos ya que no sólo era el deseo de poseer ese joven cuerpo, sino que también se trataba de tener su corazón. Su mano bajo hasta la entrepierna del joven, tocó su hombría con suavidad escuchando satisfecho como suspiros salían de esos delicados labios. \"mmmh... Boyd...más\" Pedía el joven cuando su delicado agarré se convirtió en uno más fuerte envolviendo la hombría del joven en su mano mientras besaba su cuello. El joven se retorcia bajo el contacto de su mano y besos, fue bajando lentamente hasta su pecho, allí le dio atención a los rosados pezones, lamiendo y besando logrando que el menor le jalara el cabello. La mano que sostenia su pene estaba húmeda ahora, así que la bajo hasta la pequeña apertura la cual deseaba con todo corazón poder poseerla. Con cuidado introdujo el primer dedo, el cuerpo de Norman se tenso ante la intrusión del dedo. \"relajate, no quiero lastimarte\" Hablo posando sus labios sobre los del joven, este asistió y le dio un corto beso. Pasaron los minutos, ya tenía dos dedos dentro del joven quién gemia cada vez que tocaba un punto en su interior, poco tiempo después Norman ya está listo. Con impaciencia se acomodó entre las piernas del joven acomodando su hombría sobre la dilatada entrada. \"eres hermoso Norman...\" Le dijo Boyd para entrar en él lentamente, Norman se aferro a los hombros del mayor. Boyd estaba realmente encantado por el calor y la estreches del cuerpo bajo suyo, había deseado tanto este momento que temía que terminaria muy rápido. \"aah Boyd...¡te amo!\" Exclamo el joven para luego besar los labios de este, Boyd con cuidado comenzó a mover su cadera, adelante y hacia atrás, ese era el ritmo de las estocadas, Norman comenzó a gemir sonoramente, no le importaba sí alguien más los oía. El mayor comenzó a penetrar más rápido y fuerte, sentía el interior de Norman calentarse más, se estrecha cada vez más, eso le indicaba que estaba a punto de terminar. \"v-voy...aah ¡voy a terminar!\" Grito extasiado el joven, sus mejillas estaban completamente rojas, sus ojos mojados por lágrimas de placer, de sus finos labios escapaban gemidos y saliva. Boyd aumento lo velocidad, quería terminar junto a él. \"te amo...dios eres hermoso\" Hablo Boyd sintiendo como el orgasmo invadia su cuerpo, su abdomen se apreto y el semen comenzó a llenar al más joven, este al sentir ser llenado término derramado su esencia sobre su abdomen. \"¡aah! Boyd...Boyd\" Le llamaba el joven posando sus manos en sus mejillas, el nombrado abrió sus ojos, lo que encontró frente a él fue una cabina metálica. Al reaccionar completamente pasó sus manos por su rostro. \"fue un sueño\" Dijo al mirar su entrepierna, su pantalón estaba húmedo, un querido de molestia dejó sus labios, todo había sido un sueño, molesto decidió salir del tanque, necesitaba aire fresco para poder relajarse. \"Norman jamás será mío\" Se dijo a sí mismo, adorable a ese muchacho, pero su sueño era algo inalcanzable, el por que tenía nombre y apellido. Miro hacia un costado y allí estaba el joven, de pie charlando con el hombre por el cual Norman jamás sería de el. Vio para su molestia como el joven era tomado de la cintura para luego ser besando con pasión por el hombre que tenía su corazón. Los soldados a su alrededor contenían el aire al ver como se besaban, el menor rodeo el cuello del mayor con sus brazos, a medida que el beso se hacia más intenso, las manos del hombre bajaban por su cintura a sus caderas, y luego con fuerza y descaro agarró sus salgas y las apreto logrando que el joven se parar en patitas mientras dejaba salir un leve gemido. Al instante varios soldados desaparecieron escondido sus entrepierna tras sus manos, y el debía admitir, ese gemido había sido delicioso y deseaba escucharlos cerca a el. Entonces cuando se dio cuenta, el hombre que besaba al muchacho le miraba fijamente, sus ojos azules transmitian posibilidad y un claro mensaje en ellos. \"Norman es mío, no lo mire\" Hizo una muela de molestia, tras ver como rompían el apasionado beso se juro que conquistaria a ese hermoso joven. Entonces estrechando sus miradas, la guerra se había declarado entre Boyd y Don... ","Summary":" Hola, bueno, no se si alguien valla a leer esto, pero solo lo subire por pura satisfaccion ya que e"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Valkyrie","Author":"scarlet tribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11965202","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Planes flew low to the line of tanks and troops as the thunder of bombs almost deafened their ears. The ground shook as soldiers ran about, getting under cover and preparing for a ground attack. \"King!\" The top of a tank named Valkyrie called out to a soldier who was climbing up the back. \"King, get your ass in here!\" \"Not on your life!\" King shouted back, grabbing the large gun on the back and pulling herself up. \"I got a job to do!\" \"King, I'll drag your ass in here, don't you-\" He was cut off with a swear as he slumped down into the tank. He had been shot in the shoulder. \"Top!\" King called and ducked down as a rain of bullets hit the tank near her. She sat and caught her breathe, holding her gun close. She heard her tank mates calling her name. Bullets continued to hit the tank. She looked around and slid off the tank and crawled under. \"Hey, open up!\" She called as she beat on the door on the bottom. One of the drivers opened it and helped her climb in. \"You ok?\" he asked. She nodded and looked at her Sargent. He had a hole in his arm. They flinched as some explosive shook their tank. Her Sargent started shouting orders and everyone shifted into position. She sat next to the loader, trying to stay out of the way, but close enough to the radio in case she needed to answer it. It took a while, but eventually the planes left and all that was left were a few German foot soldiers. \"You think it's ok to go outside?\" Hank, the gunner, asked her. She shrugged. \"One way to find out.\" John, the secondary driver answered and popped his hatch and stood. They all followed suit and climbed out. King saw a few American soldiers leading the Krauts that had surrendered. \"Alright, you guys know the drill!\" Their Sargent shouted, ordering them out. They climbed out and started walking around, checking the dead for people they knew or checking for anything they could use. \"King!\" John called to her. She turned and caught the pack of cigarettes heading her way. She smiled at him and waved in thanks. She'd be using them later. She stood up and starting walking over to the second tank to make sure everyone was ok. Her helmet was lopsided on her head and she lit up a cigarette. She exhaled with a sigh. Her ears perked up as metal hit the ground near her. She snapped her head and her eyes shot open wide. She had a few seconds to act. Her cigarette fell out of her mouth as she leapt, taking off her helmet. She shouted out a warning as she slammed her helmet down over it and lay on top of it. Thunder roared louder than she had ever heard before and she felt as if she was flying. She never felt herself hitting the ground. But she did feel pain. Her chest felt as if it was being stabbed over and over and over again, it hurt in inhale, she smelt burning flesh. Her neck and arm felt as if it was on fire. Grey, blurry sky filled her vision before it faded to black. She would be going home now. She would be going home.[Chapter 2] I noticed two of you who commented came from my other story, I hope this one meets your expectations. Thank you so much for reading and sticking with me! Her eyesight was blurry as her eyes blinked to focus. She heard someone talking to her and she rolled her head to look at them. She could make out to shape of the doctor who had been keeping her alive. Doctor Richard stood next to her, gently tapping her face, waking her up. She grunted and swatted with her good arm. \"What's up?\" She asked as she sat up, grunting. \"Can I go?\" \"Not yet, I'm taking you off the morphine to see if you can function properly.\" He told her. She sat up and faced him. \"I've been feeling like shit for the past two months.\" She told him. \"I think I'll be ok.\" He sighed. \"Then let me see your arm.\" He told her. She shrugged and took her shirt off. Her shoulder and arm was wrapped up in bandages. Her torso had healed fairly quickly. It was sore and it hurt, but at least she wasn't at a risk of getting infected. Her arm, however, had been burned from her forearm and up to part of her neck. Some of it had gotten infected so it was taking longer to heal. She hissed as some of the bandages pulled away from the open wounds. Doctor Richard put some antibiotics on it and wrapped it up in new bandages. \"Have you heard from my crew?\" She asked, breaking the silence. He looked at her before going back to his work. \"No.\" He answered. \"But that isn't a surprise. They are halfway across Germany now.\" She hummed. \"Your new crew should be here any day now though.\" \"So you're kicking me out?\" She teased. He cracked a smile. \"Yeah, we need more beds.\" He told her. \"They just never stop coming, do they?\" She Looked at him with pity. She would never be able to do what he did. She had guts, sure, but she would not be able to do that. How could he go on, knowing the people he was supposed to save would die anyway? She would always respect him for his ability to keep going. \"So, are you excited to meet your new crew?\" He asked, trying to sound optimistic. She just gave him a look. Are you serious? \"I'm sure you'll be fine. Your first crew got used to you, didn't they?\" \"I'd rather stay with my old crew.\" She mumbled. \"God know's John would drive them all into a trench if I don't keep him awake.\" \"I'm sure they will do just fine.\" He reassured her teasingly. She rolled her eyes and gave him a small smile as he finished up wrapping her arm. \"There you go.\" He said and she grabbed her shirt, pulling it back on. \"Now, you can still stay here for the night, but you'll be cleared for duty tomorrow. Here are some extra bandages. Don't forget to change them or you'll be stuck here again and I know how much you love that.\" He teased. \"What do I do when I'm out?\" She asked. She didn't have her crew with her, and she didn't know when the other crew would arrive. \"Well, your new group is supposed to come in tomorrow for orders and to fill up on supplies.\" He told her, \"I guess take the evening off and meet them tomorrow. Don't worry about tomorrow until it gets here.\" He advised and pushed her shoulder gently to get her to lay down again. She let him. \"Try to get some rest, you'll need it tomorrow since you won't be dosed with any morphine.\" She nodded. \"Thanks for your help.\" She told him. He smiled and nodded before walking away. She rolled over, pulling the blanket with her. It was cold, the cool air coming off the mountains and cooling the late September air. She closed her eyes and breathed in. She missed her friends and hoped they were well. But she had bigger problems now. She met her new crew tomorrow. Being a woman in the army isn't rainbows and sunshine. Many times it was mud, rain, blood, being pushed around, treated like dirt by people who should treat you like an equal, getting your ass grabbed all the time, lewd comments, you get the idea. But if she could survive as long as she had, she could go a little longer. She had a job to do. Maybe it was for the best that she was getting a new group. She had almost forgotten why she was there in the first place. She had gotten so attached to her first group, she lost sight of what she wanted. Starting over would help her remember. \"Joanne King?\" A soldier asked as he entered the medical tent. Jo stood from her cot and faced him. He nodded at her and walked over. He handed her a piece of paper. \"You've been assigned to Sargent Collier. He and his crew should be here by now. Give him this form when you see him.\" \"What is it?\" She asked and looked down at it. \"It'll let him know that you being assigned to them is nonnegotiable.\" He told her. \"Good luck.\" He said and turned, walking away. Jo watched him go and sighed. She sat back down and tied her boots before grabbing her bag. She stood and threw it over her back. She grabbed her hat and placed it on her head. Now or never. Jo walked out of the medical tent and walked around. She had to find a man named Sargent Don collier. How she was supposed to find him, she had no idea. Her best guess would be looking at the tanks that were lined up on one side of the camp. She found that many were abandoned by there crew for the day, but some had crews working on them. \"Excuse me!\" She called up to a man on his tank, getting his attention. \"Where can I find Sargent Collier?\" She asked. The man took off his helmet and pointed. She turned ad say a tank with a crew around it and on it, fixing it up. On the cannon the word Fury was painted. She approached the tank and looked up to the man on top. \"Sargent Collier?\" She called up. He looked at her. \"Who's asking?\" He called down. \"You're new crew member.\" She told him. \"I've been reassigned to you.\" Sergent Collier stood and started climbing down the tank before hopping off and landing in front of her. He looked her up and down. Her long hair was in a braid, her face was soft, her figure was feminine, she was a woman. His eyes weren't playing tricks, this person in front of him was a woman, claiming to have been reassigned to his group. \"Bullshit.\" He told her. Behind them, two men on the tank, started arguing. It looked like one of them got shocked. He shouted, swore and waved his hand. He leaned over the hatch and shouted down. \"Damnit, Grady! Shut the damn thing off!\" He shouted. \"I fucking did, man!\" He called back. \"Then why the hell did I just fry my damn hand?\" He shouted. \"You're a fucking idiot that's why!\" The man in the tank shouted. \"The fuck you say to me, Coon-ass?\" The man on the tank shouted and reached in. \"Bible! Grady!\" Collier called out to them. \"Knock it off, we gotta get this shit done before we role out.\" He turned back to Jo. She handed him a piece of paper that she had been given earlier. He snatched it from her and read it. \"Fine.\" He said and snatched her bag from her. He let out and indignant hey, but it went ignored. \"Bible!\" He shouted and tossed it up to him. Bible caught it and dropped it into one of the driver's hatches. \"I'm not a driver.\" She told him. \"You are now.\" He told her and walked away, leaving her with her new tank mates. She sighed to herself and stood firm. Don wasn't sure how long he had been gone from his crew, but he was certain it wasn't long enough for them to get into any trouble. He had just tried to get the girl transferred to a different group. However, there was nothing he could do. Collier was basically told to suck it up. When he arrived back at the tank, part of him expected them to be at each other's throats. He did not expect to see her Sitting on top of the tank, helping Grady readjust the gun she would be using. Although if he looked closer, he would see that what he was looking at was not his tank. The people there weren't even his crew mates, and the person who looked like the girl, Joanne king, was not a girl. He looked to his left and saw his tank. That looked more like his tank. Boyd was sitting down on the tank, smoking and reading his Bible. Grady had the girl in a chokehold and she didn't even have her feet on the ground. But she was putting up one hell of a fight. While grady had her in a chokehold, her legs were wrapped around Gordo's neck, choking him, and her teeth were buried in Grady's arm. \"Stop fucking bighting you crazy bitch!\" Grady shouted. Gordo kept smacking her leg, trying to tell her he gave up. She didn't seem to get the message. \"Hey!\" He shouted, getting everyone's attention. \"Gear up, we're rolling out.\" Grady dropped her and the woman fell to the ground. Jo lay in the mud, scowling at the sky. She propped herself up on her elbows and looked up at the man leaning over her. Don Collier was a tall, sturdy man, not as tall as Grady, but tall and commanding. His face had a bit of a shadow from not shaving, making him look rough and dirty, but his cold eyes were clear and bright. \"You're with us until we find your old crew.\" He told her. She stayed quiet, listening. \"You either keep up or get lost. And if I feel you are slowing us down, or putting my crew in danger, I'll shoot you myself.\" He told her. Jo felt chills go down her spine as he spoke with such a cold, but still calm tone. He looked at her on the ground, in the mud, her dark brown eyes staring up at him, almost uncaring, blasé, if you will. \"AM I understood?\" She blinked at him and her stare turned harsh. \"Perfectly.\"[Chapter 3] Her arm was still stiff and injured, so getting up the tank and inside was a challenge. But it wasn't as bad as getting out. The caravan they were traveling with had stopped for the night. She was stiff from being cramped in a tank all day, but she didn't mind. It was an improvement from being doped up on morphine. Jo stood and used her good arm to help hoist her up, but she was too short. She hissed when she tried to put weight on her injured shoulder. \"Hey, the fuck's wrong with you?\" Gordo called over as he climbed out with a small grin. \"You stuck?\" He asked and hopped off the tank, leaving her. She huffed and tried again. No luck. She put her feet on the backrest of the seat and pushed off. She was able to haul herself out enough to roll herself onto the top and slid off. She looked around and saw everyone was setting up little fires and pulling out crates to sit on. People seemed to be struggling getting a fire started since everything was pretty wet still. Her group just had smoking leaves. Luckily for her group, this was something she'd known how to do since she was little. She set off into the woods. There were a few spots she found first. She picked up dead branches of pine and stripped the dead needles off and tucked them into an inner pocket in her coat. Next she moved onto the birch trees. She picked up some of the smaller twigs and sticks. Some she took her knife and shaved off the outer layers, getting to the dryer center. She tucked them into another dry inner pocket and got some shavings of the inner layer of the stick as well. Jo tried to find dry bark, but she had no such luck, but that was fine, she had something at least. Jo made her way back to the group and found them still trying to get a fire going. She stepped up next to Bible and crouched down next to him, he was the one trying to light the fire. \"Mind if I try?\" She asked politely. She was raised a lady, and now that she was rolling around in the dirt all day and killing people, it was no excuse to be flat out rude. Boyd had actually been polite to her when they spoke, so she had no qualms with him. He looked at her and raised his eyebrows. He shrugged and leaned back. He sat on the ground and watched her. \"Hey,\" He said when she knocked away his smoldering pile of leaves. She didn't pay attention. Joan grabbed the hem of her undershirt and ripped off a small section. Then she started to pull out the little bits of wood she had gathered and pulled out her small pack of matches. It took her a couple of tries, but sure enough, she got a fire going. Once she was sure it was steady enough, she went out ot get more wood. She didn't go more than a few feet away from the fire. \"Thanks, Bible.\" Don said as he came back from talking to the other people in charge. He grabbed a crate and sat down. \"Wasn't me.\" Bible told him. Don frowned and Boyd nodded at Joan who was just about to crouch next to the fire to feed it. \"You did this?\" He asked. She nodded and hummed. \"Good job. Everyone else is still struggling.\" \"How'd you get it lit faster?\" Grady asked as he sat on another crate and tossed out rations. Joan caught hers easily and shrugged. \"My brother taught me when we were little.\" She told them. \"Never thought I'd have to use it.\" She joked quietly. \"Your brother,\" Bible said. \"He fighting too?\" Joan looked at him and then back at the fire. She sat back on the ground and shrugged. \"He was.\" She told him. She really didn't want to get into it. \"Was?\" Grady snorted. \"What he do, go home? How he do that?\" \"Grady.\" Bible said quietly, catching on. \"What?\" HE asked as Joan dug in one of her many coat pockets. She pulled out a letter. She unfolded it and looked at it. It was bent and worn down from being read over and over. She smoothed out the creases as best as she could. Don recognized the letter. His family had gotten one when his father died in the first world war. \"To the family of Private Johnathan Lee King,\" She started to read. She noticed that the circle was quiet but kept reading. \"It is my painful duty to inform you that on this day, July 18, 1942, a report has been filed declaring that Private Johnathan Lee King has become Missing in Action (MIA.).\" She paused here. Joan had to clear her throat. No matter how many times she read it, reading it out loud broke her heart just as it had the first time she had read it. \"Private King was last seen while participating in taking a German town. His group lost sight of him during the fray and no body has been identified. WE are deeply sorry for your loss and we thank you and your son for your service.\" She was quiet and folded the letter back up but did not put it away. \"Damn. Grady.\" Gordo said and shook his head. \"You always gotta have the shittiest timing, man?\" \"Hey, how the fuck was I supposed to know her brother went fucking missing, hu?\" Grady shouted, standing up. Joan just fished out her cigarettes and started smoking, watching them argue. \"So what are you doing here?\" Bible asked her. \"Why you in Germany?\" \"Why are you here?\" She asked him, her deep brown eyes pinning him in his spot. He shrugged before answering. \"It's my duty as a Christian, and as an American.\" He told her simply. \"Then the same goes for me.\" She told him. They left her alone for a bit as they all focused on eating. Grady would antagonize Boyd and Don would break them up. It wasn't unpleasant, but she missed her old group. The sun had gone down, and all you could see were small fires. They kept them low as to avoid detection. Grady and Gordo had busted out a bottle of something and were passing it between each other. Joan had declined their offer a few swigs, stating that she doesn't drink. After a while she stood and wandered over to the side of the tank where she could have some privacy. She shed her heady coat, missing its warmth immediately. She quickly shed her shirt and sat in an undershirt. She pulled out a roll of bandages and set them in her lap. She started peeling off the old ones, hissing at the stinging as they tore away from the skin. She cleaned her shoulder quickly and began wrapping it up again. It was difficult but once she got in a rhythm, she was fine. \"What happened?\" Boyd asked, startling Joan. She looked up at him with wide eyes, before her neural look slid back on her face. She offered a weak smile. \"Grenade.\" She answered simply and started wrapping herself up. \"They usually blow off people's legs.\" He pointed out. \"What were you doing? Lying next to it when it went off?\" \"DO you guys always stick your noses into other people's business?\" She asked as she stood and threw her coat back on, glad to be semi-warm again. Boyd just smiled and shrugged. She huffed and walked past him. On the other side of the tank, Grady and Gordo were setting up the tent they would be sleeping in. It was just a small tarp held up by some short rods. Joan climbed up the tank and reached in to grab her small bag. Her original bag was with her old crew. Now she had a small bag with a spare change of clothes, some food and a canteen. It was small enough to be used as a slight pillow, and that was how she was going to use it. The group wound down quickly, especially since Gordo and Grady were two shots from passing out. They fell asleep first. Both Boyd and Don were out quickly as well. Joan lay, staring up at the roof. Small pats of rain began to hit the roof. A shiver ran down her spine and she rolled over onto her side, facing the tarp. She tried her best not to shiver, or let her teeth chatter, but she was cold. Joan fought to keep a cough quiet. She had been coughing almost all day, much to her displeasure. Joan prayed to God that she wouldn't get sick. She pulled out the letter she had read earlier and looked at it, reminding her why she was here. She had a job to do. Joan closed her eyes and tried to get some sleep, but it was too cold. And every time she started to nod off, she would wake up trying not to cough. Don, could hear her quiet coughing and shivering. He rolled onto his side, facing away from her and backed up quietly until his back touched hers. He hoped that some of his warmth would help her keep from getting much sicker. The last thing he needed was his crewmate getting pneumonia. He felt her freeze but she slowly began to relax. She shook when she coughed, but eventually she fell asleep. Don had just begun to doze off again when he was startled awake. He looked over his shouder to see what he had felt. Joan had rolled over and curled up into a tiny ball, her face buried in his back, and she had tried to get as close as possible. Don rolled his eyes and went back to sleep. Joan slept peacefully, grateful for the little warmth Don had provided. She had fallen asleep and she wasn't sure what time it was but something startled her awake. She frowned and blinked when she noticed her face was pressed against her Sargent's back. He was breathing steadily, so he was asleep. It wasn't don that woke her. Joan frowned and pressed her hand to the ground. The ground was trembling. It took her a minute to remember what it could be. Her eyes shot open as she sat up quickly, grabbing her things. \"Tank!\" She shouted as loud as she could. No sooner had the words left her mouth, a whistling sound shrieked through the field they were in and a loud boom shook the ground. Everyone was up and running around. If Joan's warning hadn't woken them, the explosion did. Joan was out of the tent before most of her group codl even stand, but they followed suit. \"Joan, Gordo, get it going!\" Don shouted and Joan and Gordo shouted back their acknowledgements. They worked quickly, adrenaline pumping, as they got the tank running. Grady and Boyd were getting the cannon ready as Don called out on the radio. \"This is War Daddy, anyone got a visual on these assholes yet?\" HE called on. Someone responded saying they couldn't see them, the rain was too heavy. Another whistling sound made its way towards them and shook the ground as it hit nearby. Joan looked into her scope and tried to see. She looked for the flashes of light from when the tank fired. \"There's about two on our six.\" Gordo reported. \"You gotta watch for the flashes.\" The ground shook as another bomb went off nearby. \"Alright, it seems like they can't see us well either. Probably found us from the fires. So let's hit 'em hard and let's hit 'em fast. WE can't let them know where we are.\" Don announced over the radio. \"Got a third.\" Joan announced, alarmed. \"Sir, it's at three o'clock and heading right towards us.\" \"I'll get it.\" Boyd said and began to move the cannon. \"Stop, wait until the other two of ours is ready to take out the two on our six.\" He ordered and got on the radio. \"Gordo, you see this right?\" Joan asked him through their headsets. \"Oh shit.\" She heard him mumbled. \"Top, we have ground troops with the tank at three o'clock.\" \"If they're that close, they can see us.\" He said. \"Bible, fire when ready! Take out that tank.\" He ordered. \"Once it's gone, Joan, Gordo, take out their troops.\" \"on the way!\" Bible shouted. \"Grady laod! Load!\" \"Loading, don't get your panties in a twist!\" He shouted. Joan and Gordo began to ire at the ground troops. \"Bible, fire when ready!\" Don ordered as the ground shook. Debris hit the tank as it shook as well. \"I think it hit right next to us.\" Joan commented. \"The one at three is still firing!\" Gordo shouted. \"I can't see shit with this rain! How they see us?\" \"I've got too much water on my scope.\" Joan added. \"Sergent! Put me on the outer gun!\" She told him. \"Not a chance, stay where you are and keep firing.\" HE ordered and the tank shook as a bomb landed right next to them. \"Bible, take out that goddamn tank!\" He shouted. \"On the way!\" Bible shouted. \"Reloading.\" Gordo announced and Joan kept firing. She knew she would be more useful on the outside, right now she felt like she was wasting bullets. They were getting desperate as the tank rolled closer with its ground troops. One of the tanks had been taken out, but there were two more. When a bomb hit right next to the tank, Don had to do something. \"King!\" He shouted, getting her attention. \"If you get up top, can you do some damage?\" He asked She blinked at him, startled he was actually going to put her outside. \"Can you?\" He asked. She grinned. \"Yes, sir!\" She shouted and crawled back and over to Grady's hatch. It was closer to the gun and would decrease her risk of getting shot. \"Grady, gimme a boost out.\" She told him. He grabbed her legs and hoisted her. She opened the hatch and rolled out, keeping low, and kicked the hatch shut. Don's hatch opened as well, enabling him to keep an eye on his crew that was inside and outside the tank. She got to the back gun and stood. She quickly looked for the tank heading their way. She could make out some figures on the top of the enemy tank. She aimed and fired, taking them out. The tank stopped rolling and she fired again, except this time at the troops on the ground. \"Bible, fire at the tank again, their sitting ducks.\" He ordered. Grady loaded and Bible fired. \"Joan, fire at the second tank, try to take out their tops.\" \"Roger.\" She shouted back and turned as much as she could and began to fire once she saw them. She got one, but the second had ducked in too fast. They kept exchanging blows, and before long, the sun began to creep over the horizon. \"Alright, boys, we're running out of time.\" Don told them. \"We got one tank left and a bunch of ground troops. \"Tank two, take out the ground troops, we'll handle the last tank with tank three.\" Don got back the acknowledgements from the other two tanks they were with and then began to order his tank. \"Gordo, wing us around to face the one behind us.\" He ordered. Joan hung on tightly as the tank began to roll. They didn't get too far from the tree line when another shot was fired at them. It ricochet off them and went through a tree right behind them. Joan looked behind her to see the tree starting to fall. \"Get down!\" She shouted. Don had just enough time to turn to see it and duck before the tree crashed right on top of them, some branches falling into the tank. \"Top, you good?\" Bible asked. \"I'm fine, keep firing!\" He ordered and tried to stand. The tree had trapped him in the tank. \"Joan, can you hear me?\" He asked through his headset. He didn't get a response. \"King?\" He called again but to no avail. \"Gordo, keep driving, maybe we can get this damn tree off us.\" Gordo drove forward as Grady and boyd kept loading and firing. Even though they drove forward, the tree was stuck on top of them. \"Where's Joan?\" Gordo asked. \"She's outside.\" Don answered. \"I can't see her right now, but we got other fish to fry. Bible, I want that tank gone!\" He ordered. The group worked with the other tank to take out what was left of the German tanks. Then it was the ground troops they had to take care of. They turned the tank around to join the other two tanks. One of them had been hit and immobilized by the German tank, but it seemed like most of them were ok. One had climbed out and was checking on Joan. She was on the ground and not moving, but he had to focus on his crew, with him now. Thank you for reading. And a special thanks to the men and women who are fighting, or have fought, or will fight. I would like to dedicate this chapter to those who serve and their families. Thank you again. Thank you to everyone who has read this, sorry this is so short. Please Review.[Chapter 4] Joan grunted and propped herself up on her elbows. She took one look at her leg, groaned and leaned back. She lay there, hoping she didn't get hit by something else, and waited for help. She knew better than to move when you have a piece of tree sticking out of your thigh. \"You alright?\" A man asked as he came into view. She hummed and nodded. \"We get 'em?\" She asked him, referring to the Nazi tanks. The man before her grinned as he crouched down next to her. \"Everyone in your tank ok? Saw ya'll got hit pretty hard.\" \"Yeah, we're ok.\" He told her and turned his head. She followed his line of sight to her new tank making its way back over to them and the damaged tank. She could see Don at the top with bible and Grady outside as well. \"Hey, Top, you think she's still alive?\" She heard Grady ask loudly. They all had smirks and grins from the victory. \"Dunno, lemme ask.\" He said and turned to her. \"Hey King, how are holding up?\" \"I have a piece of tree sticking outta my leg.\" She snapped at him. \"How the fuck you think I'm doing?\" Boyd snorted with Don. But the men were startled when she shrieked out in surprise. She only screamed for a second, and then she clenched her jaw shut. She grunted and tried to hold it in. The guy next to her had ripped the stick out of her leg. She curled up on her side and lay on the ground, just grunting in pain. \"Damn, King.\" Boyd said. \"Thought you were being murdered.\" He joked. She just waved at him. Grady and Bible laughed. \"Joan, get outta the dirt.\" Don told her. She grunted and waved again. The other guy had gotten up by now and leaned down to help her. \"Don't touch her, let her get up on her own.\" Don told him. The guy put his hands in the air and walked away. Joan looked up at him with a glare, still clutching her leg. \"You ass.\" She bit at him and rolled. She got herself up carefully, making sure not to hurt her leg or her arm. She hobbled over to the tank and scrambled up it as best as she could. Grady grabbed the back of her shirt and helped pull her up. She oofed as she hit the top. She looked at him over her shoulder and saw him give her a small toothy grin. She smiled back and nodded in thanks. She slid into the tank and crawled over to her seat. She hunkered in and shivered. Jo pulled her coat tighter around her as she grabbed her bag. It had some bandages in it and she lazily wrapped it around her thigh. It was bleeding but not so badly that she thought she would have to stitch it up. \"Alright is everyone accounted for?\" Top asked as he crouched into the tank. He looked around, checking on everyone. \"We're all here.\" Bible told him as he flipped open his book. \"Gordo, roll us out.\" Don ordered. Gordo acknowledged and started the tank forward. Bible sat back and Joan watched her crew as they shook when the tank rolled over every bump in the road. Don sat in his seat and Joan watched him as he lit a cigarette. He stuck it in his mouth and held it there tightly. His lighter was a silvery bright metal that contrasted with his dirty, grimy face. The lighter was clean and bright where his skin was covered in soot and dirt. His eyes were almost as bright and clear as his lighter, though, and now more of a pale blue. But when he flicked the lighter to start the fire, it shone in his eyes, and Joan could see the icey blue. His eyes blinked away the smoke from the cigarette and Joan looked at Bible. Bible was just doing what he does best, reading his Bible. He sniffed and licked his finger before turning the page. His face had some dirt on the side of his cheek. Bible was a kind man. Joan found for the most part, they all were kind, in their own way, looking after one another, but also never missing an opportunity to poke and instigate each other. She looked at Gordo, who had caught her staring at the crew. He was smiling and looked at her again. She blinked at him and scowled. What she mouthed. He just shook his head and focused on driving. She glared at him anyway. She didn't stop until after a few seconds later, Grady popped the hatch and stood. Joan settled back in and pulled her hat down, aiming to get some sleep. The first few weeks went by without incident. They rolled in, killed Germans, took towns, lost friends, the basics of war. Every night, when things were winding down, Joan would pull out her letter and read it. Every time they rolled into an American base, she would ask around. Each time she would get the same answer, and spend the day in a foul mood, kicking things in frustration. Joan stormed away, frustrated and angry. SHe couldn't accept it, she wouldn't accept it. He was missing, not dead. He couldn't be dead, and she was angry no one else seemed to care. As she neared her tank, she saw a small crate. She stormed over to it and kicked it as hard as she could, only to shout out in pain. THe crate didn't budge and now her foot hurt like hell. \"The hell's your problem?\" Grady asked as he sipped his coffee. \"Man, just leave her alone.\" Gordo told him. \"One of these days she's gonna kick you in the head instead of these crates.\" \"Joan, coffee's ready.\" Boyd told her as he looked over at her on the ground. She was sitting there, holding her foot and still. sHe was facing away. She was pouting again. Boyd sighed and stood, brigning the coffee with him. He waved it infront of her face until she took it. He sat on the ground next to her. \"You're gonna break your foot if you keep kicking the crates.\" \"Don't see how its your concern.\" She all but spt at him. \"You're my crewmate. Your performance affects my survival.\" He told her, sipping from his own tin cup. \"Ya'll realy do care.\"She commented sarcastically. Boyd just hummed. \"You're looking for your brother right?\" Boyd asked. Joan shrugged. \"You know you're probably never gonna find him.\" He pointed out and Joan froze. \"You need to at least start accepting the possibility that he's go-\" Joan shot up to her feet and spun to face him. \"You don't know shit!\" SHe shouted. \"You better keep your fucking mouth shut! I'll find him, you'll see! He ain't dead and i'll prove it to you!\" SHe shouted accusingly at Bible who sat there almost a look of pity. \"Joan! Bible!\" A voice called to them. They looked over to the tank where Don stood. \"Let's go, we're rolling out!\" He ordered. Joan coudl see Grady and Gordo already starting to pack up. Bible stood and wlaked over calmly while Joan followed, biting her tongue hard. SHe was about to climb up but Don grabbed her arm and roughly pulled her to face him. \"What the hell was that?\" He asked. \"Nothing.\" SHe answered quickly. \"We are a team, we work as one functioning unit, it's how we survive.\" He told her, still holding her arm roughly. \"If you threaten that, if you put any one of us in danger, I'll put you down myself.\" She clenched her jaw shut. \"Do I make myself clear?\" \"Yes, sir.\" SHe answered. Don nodded and let her go. She climbed up first and got in her seat. She heard DOn climbing on the top and hear him slip into the hatch. He gave the orders and they rolled out. Her leg throbbed a bit, and so did her foot, but she kept her mouth shut. SHe knew she should apologize to Boyd, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She reached into her inner pocket and rubbed a photograph she kept there. ","Summary":" Planes flew low to the line of tanks and troops as the thunder of bombs almost deafened their ears."},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Pure","Author":"LadyLuly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8476452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello and welcome! I've had this story in my head for quite a while, and now I'm finally writing it down while I should be doing my homework, so I have it fairly well plotted out. I know it's kind of a weird idea, but I just really wanted to share my feels with the entire Internet. Anyway, if you're reading this, it would mean the world if you left a review! I do not own The Woman in Black. Enjoy... When I opened my eyes, Joseph was gone. I realized I was still on the tracks and flinched, but the train had already passed, somehow missing me while my eyes had been closed. I looked around for my son—perhaps he had scrambled back onto the platform in time and I would turn around to see him safe and sound in the arms of his nanny or Sam Daily. I turned. No. The station was deserted, except for a woman in a green dress and a driver who was loading the woman's boxes into his buggy and helping her up to her seat. She looked rather well-off and I was surprised that she wasn't taking an automobile instead, before I remembered that Sam owned the only one in the county. Even so, the buggy was built in a style that had been popular sixty or so years ago. Surely this woman could afford a newer one. But that didn't matter. Where was Joseph? I looked around me, quickly becoming frantic, but there was no sign of him, nor of the nanny or Sam. The station seemed different than the one my son had arrived at only a few minutes ago. The paint on the walls was less chipped and the wooden floors were less corroded from years of being trampled on. The face of the clock suspended over the doorway was closer to white than the yellow I remembered and a patch of the roof that had been boarded up was now simply a hole. That was when I noticed the schedule that was fixed to the wall beside the door. The date was correct down to the day of the week, but the year had moved backward by more than six decades. I shook my head. It must be a mistake. Or my imagination was playing tricks on me after the disturbing few days I'd had. But no, I had made a point of looking at the schedule before Joseph's train arrived and the year had been correct. \"Sir?\" A woman's voice called, and I jumped nearly out of my skin. It was the woman in green from before. She had noticed me and hopped down from the buggy, to the aggravation of her driver, who had been about to flick the reins and take off. \"Sir,\" she persisted, \"why are you standing on the train tracks?\" I opened my mouth to answer, but found that I couldn't. I felt dazed, but I managed to clamber back up onto the platform instead of just standing mutely. The woman looked about thirty and had dark brown hair that was pulled back tightly into a roll at the nape of her neck. There was some gentleness in her face, though it was hidden under stern-looking eyebrows. She looked vaguely familiar. Maybe she could help me. \"Are you looking for something?\" she asked, taking a few steps toward me. \"I—my son…\" \"Yes?\" \"I have to find my son.\" She frowned and said, \"There's no one here but us, I'm afraid. And I should know; I was the last one to get off the train. No one else stayed on until this stop.\" A sudden gush of fear made my thoughts run together and all the words broke through at once. \"But he was here,\" I stammered, \"I was here with him. Please, you have to help me find him. He saw her, the Woman in Black.\" \"Who?\" She didn't know what I was saying. She didn't know the story. Maybe… maybe it really was sixty years in the past. Suddenly, the driver's impatience got the best of him and he called out, \"Mrs. Drablow, if we don't leave now, the tide will come in while we're still on the causeway.\" \"Oh, of course,\" she said, but then she looked back at me and her eyes widened. \"Marius, come help me with him,\" she exclaimed. \"He looks as if he's about to fall over.\" Evidently, she was right because the station began to spin around me just as the driver pulled my arm around his shoulders. I only protested faintly as the two of them propped me up inside the buggy. \"Marius will drive you to wherever you're going,\" Alice Drablow offered. \"No, no, I have to catch the next train back to London.\" \"The schedule in the station said there wouldn't be another train to London until next week. You'll have to stay in the village somewhere.\" \"I'll find a room at the Gifford Arms,\" I decided. Her forehead creased. \"Where is that?\" she asked. \"The inn.\" \"There isn't an inn in Crythin Gifford—not for the past year anyway, since the old one burnt down. Why don't you stay with my husband and me? Our house really is much nicer than the rest of the town.\" I shook my head rapidly. Just a few hours ago, I had been only too happy at the thought of never setting foot in Eel Marsh House again. No. I wasn't going back. \"There must be somewhere in the village…\" \"There is a tavern,\" Alice admitted, \"but there are no rooms for rent there.\" \"Take me there.\" \"No, sir, I insist. It's no trouble to me and Morgan and if you like, we can have you on a train to London as soon as one comes through. What is your name?\" I muttered the answer. \"Beg pardon?\" she asked. \"Arthur Kipps.\" \"Well, Mr. Kipps, I don't think you'll find another place around here to stay and we have plenty of room. More than we can afford, to be entirely honest.\" I had run out of arguments, so I said nothing. \"The only problem is…\" Alice trailed off. \"Well, hopefully it won't be an issue,\" she concluded, after a moment of thought. It was another hour before we reached the house. Despite Marius's fear of being caught on the causeway when the tide came in, he was forced to rein the horses into a cautious walk when a cloud of mists rolled over the marshland. Cold, fatigue and hunger were all vying for my attention by the time we arrived at the familiar front gates. Watching the doors open to a luxuriant, well-kept foyer was something of a surprise after the days I had spent here amid covered furniture and mountains of dust. A man was waiting there when we stepped inside and this time, I was quick enough to recognize the man who had stood next to Alice and Nathaniel in the photograph. \"Morgan, this is Arthur Kipps,\" Alice announced, letting a maid help her peel off her coat. \"I found him stranded at the train station. He'll be spending the night.\" I was still feeling rather dazed, but I managed a polite nod. Mr. Drablow grasped my hand and said, \"It's a pleasure to meet you Mr. Kipps. Those are some strange clothes you're wearing. From London I suppose?\" I looked down. I still had on one of the typical dress suits I might have worn to one of those dreaded conferences with Mr. Bentley back home. The style of the clothes had been a few years past its prime then, but I supposed now it was ahead of its time by sixty years. \"Er, yes,\" I affirmed. \"Well, they're soaked right through,\" replied Mr. Drablow. He was right. The mists on the causeway had condensed in tiny pearls on the fabric and seeped through almost to the skin. \"I'll let you borrow some dry clothes of mine,\" he offered. I wordlessly followed the maid to my room where, I was told, a set of dry clothes would be waiting for me. When we reached the door I froze. It was the nursery. Or rather, it would be. For now, it seemed, it was still a spare guest room. \"Is the room not to your liking, sir?\" the maid ventured. \"No, it's—it's fine,\" I muttered and went inside. I braced myself against the room's strange draftiness and the feeling of being glared at from all directions, but neither was there. There were no rusty toys, no red letters on the walls, not even a hook or fixture on the ceiling from which to hang a rope. But none of this made me like the room any better. I slipped into the new clothes as quickly as I could, leaving the dripping ones in a heap on the floor, and went back downstairs. I found Mr. Drablow in the sitting room, with his wife in the chair beside his, also in fresh clothes. They gestured that I should sit down in one of the available chairs and attempted pleasant chatter for a few minutes. I learned that Alice had been coming home from –Shire, where she had been visiting her mother, who was ailing. Presently, the maid came back in and announced that dinner was ready. \"Thank you, Grace,\" said Alice, getting up and sweeping toward the dining room, her husband and me in tow. \"Is there an extra place setting for Mr. Kipps?\" \"Yes, Ma'am,\" the maid replied. Alice nodded. \"Good, now will you go and fetch my sister? I think she's still sulking in her room. She usually—\" \"I'm here already.\" The voice of the girl slumped over the table, waiting for us sent a shock through me, because it was normal. It was high and level and nothing worse than impatient, an ordinary young woman's voice. She was only vaguely recognizable as the woman who had appeared to me in the burning house and the nursery window; her basic features were there, but less pallid and hollowed out than I remembered and her eyes were round and a bit sunken, but they lacked the raw hatred that I knew would be there one day. Her loosely tied-back hair was dark brown with a hint of red, not the raven color I had pictured when I couldn't see it beneath her bonnet. Rather than the mourning clothes I had come to expect, she was wearing a light blue dress which she apparently didn't like because she kept tugging on the sleeves. It made her look innocent, a word I had never expected to associate with her. \"Jennet, you startled us,\" Alice exclaimed. \"You usually stay in your room until someone comes to get you. You must be hungry.\" \"I'm famished, actually,\" she replied. \"I've been waiting here for ages.\" \"Why didn't you come and talk with us in the sitting room?\" Mr. Drablow asked. She ignored him. \"Jennet, kindly sit up like a civilized person. We have a guest after all,\" Alice said after a moment. Jennet scowled, which made her look more familiar, but straightened up and took her elbows off the table. Her eyes flickered toward me and she nodded briefly in my direction before turning back to her sister. \"Who is that?\" she asked. \"I'm sure he'll tell you if you ask him.\" She looked back at me. \"Arthur,\" I murmured. \"Oh.\" Alice frowned at her sister. \"Aren't you going to introduce yourself to Mr. Kipps?\" \"I doubt he's interested,\" said Jennet. Alice glanced at me apologetically and her husband frowned at Jennet, but a moment later the food was served and everything else was forgotten. Mr. and Mrs. Drablow continued making polite small talk, asking about my family and my life in London. I answered vaguely and succinctly; I hadn't had time to think of answers that entirely made sense in this time period and I wasn't hoping to invite conversation and stay up chatting late into the night. I couldn't relax around these people, even if they all were still alive. Jennet picked at her food silently. After a while, Alice attempted to rope her into the conversation: \"Jennet, Mr. Kipps was just telling us that he's a solicitor back in London. He's never been to Crythin Gifford before. Isn't that interesting?\" \"Then what is he doing here now?\" \"Don't pry, dear. If you had come to visit Mother with me, you would have met him sooner, at the train station. You really should have come with, you know, Mother would have loved to see you.\" \"No. She would not have.\" \"Of course she would have.\" \"What makes you say that?\" \"Well… Jennet, you've hardly touched your food. I thought you said you were famished.\" \"Not anymore.\" \"Oh, fine. I suppose things like that happen when you're carrying a child.\" Jennet's plate squeaked as she accidentally pressed her knife against it too hard. She was silent for a moment, casting a furious glance at me, then she pushed her chair back and left the room. \"It would seem she doesn't want anybody to know about the baby just yet,\" said Mr. Drablow, confirming what I had already been speculating. \"Thank you, Morgan,\" Alice snapped, apparently miffed that he had stated the obvious. \"I don't know who she thinks she's fooling,\" she went on, more calmly. \"The rumors have already circulated the entire village as well as the one around our childhood home. And, of course, I've already written to Mother. Perhaps I shouldn't have said anything. But as Mr. Kipps is staying with us, he should know.\" If I hadn't been familiar with the history—well, the future of this family, I wouldn't have thought it remotely important that they tell me Jennet was with child. In fact I was surprised they hadn't tried to cover it up, seeing as her body wasn't showing signs yet and I was only staying until I could catch the next train to London. My curiosity was relieved when Mr. Drablow said, \"You tell him about your sister then,\" and Alice sighed, and explained: \"My sister is a good girl, Mr. Kipps. But she isn't always… She's not quite right. Of course, it isn't as if she's dangerous or anything like that, but she tended to have—fits, shall we say, when the two of us were young. She only just came to stay with us a week ago because her—her gentleman friend wanted no part of the whole mess, apparently. Just do try not to upset her. Her health isn't at its best and, of course, none of us wants to endanger the child.\" I nodded, but later that night, lying awake in a room that I would never, ever be able to sleep in, I thought that Jennet had seemed… fine. Just annoyed. And certainly not like a person who would make children poison themselves or burn their own houses down. Or stand in front of a train. With a sigh, I turned over in bed. Perhaps if I didn't face the room, I could pretend I was somewhere else. The fact was I didn't know what I would do once I got back to London. Get a job and find a place to stay, I supposed. But I didn't want to stay here. By rights, I should have died when that train hit me, not been sent back to this strange place, and if I was dead I would be with Joseph. And Stella. The two of them were all that was important to me anymore. An idea struck me. Despite what Alice had said, for now, Jennet seemed to be nothing more than an angry little girl and I thought that maybe she was still together, her sanity still mostly intact. If I could prevent the tragedy that would push her over the edge, the events that led to Joseph's death would never happen. It would be too late for my wife, but not for my son. Yes, I would stay. Because living in this horrible village for seven more years would be a million times better than living the rest of my life knowing that I could have saved him. Eh, see what I did there? Yeah... Please alert me to any grammar issues, typos, historical inaccuracies etc. and they will be squashed. And once again, please review![Chapter 2] Hi, kiddies! Sorry for the long wait. School has kind of been eating my brain, but I was motivated by these lovely things called reviews, so big ole' hugs for BritneyAndHarryPotterForever , GIR lover42, .Paradise, and Anera527! You guys are awesome. This here chapter is from Jennet's point of view. She and Arthur are gonna be switching off from now on. This one's a little on the raw side, but I'm assuming you guys can handle it, since you enjoy The Woman in Black . Which I still don't own. Maybe some day... This damned house. I had never been able to sleep here and likely never would. Alice could blame the pregnancy all she liked, but the sound of the marsh lapping over the causeway outside wasn't unrelated either. I hated being trapped here by the tide, even if I had nowhere else to go. It was like being in a cell, and that wasn't a feeling I enjoyed revisiting. The darkness probably wasn't unrelated either. Eel Marsh House was nearly two miles away from any lighted windows in the village and the starlight was choked off by the mists, more often than not. But I forced that thought aside. What sort of mother would I be if I was still afraid of the dark? I lied awake, staring at the window—the only source of muddy light in my room—for a minute or two longer, before whatever it was that was keeping me awake got the better of me. I got out of bed, wondering how long it would be until I was too swollen to do even that without difficulty, and stepped out into the hallway. Luckily, the moon was glowing full and strong tonight, so I wouldn't have to rely on my other senses to get where I was going. I did my best to step lightly as I made my way down the stairs and into one of the more rarely used parlors; the house liked to groan and creak, and I knew that if I woke anyone up, they would make me go back to bed. In the parlor was a rocking chair, which was quickly becoming my closest friend in the world. Alice had bought it during her own pregnancy, and when she had lost the baby, the chair was one of the only things she bothered to keep. I had taken to it immediately, although I knew that it wouldn't be of any real use until the child was actually born. Swaying back and forth in the rocking chair made the world seem last daunting. It was there that I thought maybe I could leave Crythin Gifford one day, find a job somewhere and earn enough to raise a child by myself. Upstairs, a sluggish set of footsteps began to circle the floor of one of the bedrooms. Arthur Kipps had been staying here for three weeks and hadn't yet failed to pace the floor of his room for the better part of every night. The morning after his arrival, he had all but skipped down the stairs to breakfast, all questions about whether there were any solicitors in the village and if he would have any trouble setting up an office there. My sister and her husband had assured him that he wouldn't and admitted that they were not nearly as wealthy as most of the village people would have him believe, therefore if he wanted to rent his room, they would be more than glad to have him as a tenant. He accepted instantly. I was left to wonder why anyone in possession of their senses would stay here when they didn't have to. Despite his enthusiasm that first day, it seemed Mr. Kipps wasn't pleased with the situation either. He left for his office early each morning and returned late. When he was at home, he spent as much time as possible cooped up in his room, which hardly made sense because he quite clearly hated it. He rarely spoke and we almost never saw him eat. Lately, he seemed to warm up to Alice and her husband and one or two of the servants, but he made a point of never speaking to me. Or looking at me. But most respectable gentlemen acted that way toward women who were unmarried and with child. It made no difference to me. At least I wasn't the only one who was miserable. I sighed, pushing my toes into the cool smoothness of the floor to make the chair rock backward as far as it would go and listening as the rails bumped against the floor. I had fallen asleep to this sound every night as a child. That had been a long time ago. I never liked dolls when I was young. They were pretty, and you could braid their hair, but in the end they weren't real, and being surrounded by pretend friends only emphasized the lack of real ones. They were fun to break tough. The house I grew up in was isolated and we never had visits from family members, due to a falling out between my father and his brother. I tried following the servants around, but my mother didn't like that. I had Alice to talk to, but she was twelve years older and would marry soon and leave us anyway. I often got frustrated with the lack of company. Sometimes I tried to break real people too. The doctors called it fits of rage , Alice and my father just said misbehavior , and my mother was too mortified to speak of it at all. She was the only one—everybody else was consumed by excitement whenever I got angry. For my part, once I managed to calm down, I was mostly just bewildered. All children acted out, didn't they? As servant after servant was hired, only to resign a month or two later, I grew annoyed. People were so stupid. Why would anyone be afraid of me? When my father died prematurely, I collected more accusatory glances than pitying ones. I was fifteen when my mother had finally had enough. Alice argued in my favor, but by then she could only argue by letter, as Morgan Drablow had whisked her away and settled her down in another village some twenty miles off. I missed her enough to stop speaking nearly all together and flatly ignore the wishes and then the orders of my mother. When she had me taken away, I told myself I was glad. Anywhere would be better than here. When I arrived at my next destination, I realized that I could not have been more wrong. Being one of the only patients to come from privilege, it took me longer than it took the rest of them to grow accustomed to the conditions. Not that anyone ever really did. I only tried to lash out at one of the doctors once—I regained consciousness a few hours later, too sore to stir a limb. They kept me in chains for a year after that. I decided that this was a punishment: if I stopped being angry, my mother would come and take me home. So I suppressed all my rage and hurt feelings that she had let someone else take me away, and I waited. I waited for her for three years. The fits died away as I aged and grew numb enough to survive three winters of disease and starvation. It was longer than many of the other patients lasted. It was the beginning of spring when things began to change. We were three to a bed and one of the women I shared with—an elderly thing who had been sent here for speaking out against her husband one too many times—was being treated for a nasty cough. They thought she might live, so a physician had been called in to see her. I pretended to be occupied trying to scrape the rust off a nail protruding from the bedframe as I listened to the proceedings, so that they would think I didn't care. I was afraid that if the doctors discovered I was fond of the old woman, they would make me share a bed with a different patient. At last the physician turned to one of the doctors and said, \"Keep her in bed for a while and see if you can give her some more water. And send for me again if she starts coughing blood.\" His voice was clear and strong and so different from the hollow murmurs of the doctors and the screeches and whimpers of the other patients. It startled me, so I turned and looked at him, and even years later, after everything he did to me, I had to force myself not to smile when I remembered seeing his face that first time. He looked perhaps thirty, with a thin face and yellow hair and eyes the color of tea with no milk. There were no lines on his face and no grey in his hair—he looked calm and too untouched to be in this hell. Before leaving, he noticed me staring and smiled at me. I watched the back of his white coat until he reached the door. It was the first smile I had seen in a long time. He was called back in the next day to see to a wound in my hand from a rusty nail protruding from the bed frame. The blood in my face was scalding for the entirety of his visit and I was sure he could feel my hand shaking as he stitched it up. His face was turned downward, but I thought the corners of his mouth were turned upward just slightly. When my hand was put back together, he went to speak with the doctors in a room that patients were never allowed into. It was where the doctors did their paperwork and complained together about working here. It had been years since I had lost the nerve and the motivation to defy the doctors, but I found myself glancing around to see if anyone was watching, before sneaking out of the communal bedroom and pressing my ear against the door through which he had disappeared. \"Thank you for agreeing to come in, Dr. Pierston,\" one of the doctors was saying. \"A check will be sent to your office shortly.\" \"It was no trouble at all. Have that nail fixed though.\" \"We will, we will. You noticed no other health problems in the patient?\" \"None. Who was that, by the way? She looked very young.\" \"Jennet Humfrye, one of our more lucid patients. We don't keep a record of their ages, but I wouldn't be surprised if she were just shy of twenty.\" \"Mm. What is a pretty thing like her doing in a place like this?\" \"Her mother had her sent here, three or four years ago. She suffered fits of rage in her childhood, but they've died down. Now she mostly just keeps to herself, lives in her own head.\" \"I see. Well, be sure to send for me if there are any more problems.\" My heart was still fluttering when I heard footsteps approaching the door. I tried to scurry back to the dormitory before it opened, but I wasn't quick enough. None of the doctors were with the physician as he stepped out the door, but I spent a long moment paralyzed with fear that he would tell them. He looked at me quizzically and I stared back with eyes as round as saucers, then he winked and walked away, down the long, white hallway. I watched him go, stunned, before I remembered that I still shouldn't have been here. I ran back to my bed and wriggled under the flimsy blanket, pressing my face into the mattress. I had forgotten how to stop smiling. It became a game. Once a week or so, I would mysteriously attain some injury just serious enough to require medical care. For their part, the doctors thought the other patients were picking on me and had me separated. But I wasn't lonely. I was happier than I could ever remember being, puzzling over new ways to hurt myself so that no one would find out and daydreaming about my friend's next visit. He saw through my game from the very beginning, but he kept it our secret. He seemed happier to see me each time he was summoned, always sweeping into my cell, saying, \"Well, Miss Jennet, what have you gotten yourself into, this time?\" I was always too shy to answer, but he made up for my timidity, telling me all about his life during our appointments. I learned that his name was Oliver Pierston, he was thirty-two, and he had just recently become a physician after breaking off an engagement to a lady who disapproved of the ambition. After a few months, I plucked up the courage to speak to him, limiting myself to whispered one-word phrases at first, but I soon found myself pouring all my stories out to him. I told him about my childhood with my mother and Alice and the death of my father, about how I had been so hopeful when I was first locked up here and how I had eventually faded into despondency. I told him things I would never have told anyone else. I hadn't known it was possible to love another person so much. When he finally bent down and kissed me one day, I felt so light I thought I would dissolve into the air and never be heard from again. Within a year, he took me away, carrying me off to a little town in the country side where no one knew us. We told everyone that I was his wife. He said that soon, I would be. I would sit for hours on our porch, just feeling the sun on my face while I waited for him to come home, knowing that no one was chasing me. When he returned with stories about the townspeople and occasionally little gifts, I would tug him inside by the hand and kiss every piece of him. I belonged to him in all aspects. And I was glad to be his. A year passed and we still weren't married. A little worry crept up in my mind, but no, he would be true to his word. I trusted him. I trusted him. Another year and the fights began. I had let my life with him stay out in the sun and it went sour. The families in the neighboring cottages often heard our shouting and avoided looking at us the next morning. I told myself I was foolish for arguing with him because I knew that he could leave me with nothing or send me back to where I had been before as soon as the idea struck him. But he could be so stupid! And my temper had always had a tendency to get the better of me. The first time Oliver hit me, I cried until I couldn't anymore. Not because it hurt or because I hadn't expected it of him, but because everything had been so beautiful at first. He had been the one pure thing in my life that I had thought was going to make everything else in it better, and instead it had turned into this ugly mess. It was just like when I had allowed myself to hope for the best when I was first locked up in the asylum. A lot of good it had done me. I promised myself I would never be so incompetent again. When I discovered the pregnancy, I did my best to hide it from him. It worked: he never knew about the baby—when he left me, it was entirely because of me and knowing this sent a thousand different ways to kill myself racing through my head, but I didn't. I couldn't. There was the child, and I would be damned if I was going to give up on this child the same way my mother had given up on me. Fortunately, I had begun churning out letters to my sister practically the minute Oliver had gotten me out of the asylum. My nerves told me that she and her husband would be reluctant to take in a lunatic who was unmarried and with child, but I knew that Alice was a good woman. She wouldn't turn me away. I hated Crythin Gifford and Eel Marsh House, I persevered for the sake of my child. It was my last hope for something pure. I didn't realize I had dozed off until I was woken up by the sound of footsteps skittering backward and a surprised gasp. I was startled enough to stand up abruptly, but I caught myself before I voiced the multiple oaths that sprang to mind. \"—very sorry, Miss Humfrye, I wasn't expecting to see you there at this hour,\" Arthur Kipps was saying. \"You frightened me a bit.\" I restrained myself from raising my eyebrows. It wasn't the first time I had 'startled' him just by turning up. \"Mr. Kipps, you really can't stand the sight of me can you?\" He started to stammer some explanation, but I cut him off with a wave of my hand. Alice or her husband must have said something to him about my having been locked up, for him to be so skittish of me. I didn't care what his opinion was, but I still felt rather stung; why didn't they just make the announcement to the entire village while they were at it? \"You couldn't sleep either, I suppose?\" I asked, hoping to divert the conversation to a topic less sore. \"No,\" he admitted. \"I thought walking around might help a bit. This house…\" He trailed off, but I found myself nodding. \"I hate it too. I can't fathom why they bought it.\" \"The architecture, perhaps? I wouldn't know. I'm not much for the craft myself. It—It is a very inconvenient location, isn't it?\" \"Extremely. God knows what idiot had the idea of building this house here.\" \"I hadn't thought of that. You're right.\" \"I keep telling them they would be better off finding a new one, but of course they won't. One day someone is going to drown on that causeway and it will be entirely their fault for not listening to me.\" Mr. Kipps didn't respond. He had gone rather pale. I sighed, cursing myself. Young ladies weren't supposed to have such morbid thoughts. It was saying things like that that had gotten me put away in the first place. I tried changing the subject again: \"How do you find Crythin Gifford, Mr. Kipps?\" \"It's a fine village.\" He was a bad liar. My disbelief must have shown because he proceeded to explain, \"That is, it isn't such a bad place to live. I suppose. But the weather is rather dreary, and the people rather hostile.\" I blinked in surprise. \"You don't say. I had the same impression, but one would expect them to be hostile to me . It makes less sense if they are to you.\" Unless he was also carrying an illegitimate child. Not likely. \"I—well, not so much lately. It was worse before…\" for a moment, he looked like he was going to offer more of an explanation, but he closed his mouth limply, leaving me somewhat curious. Some greyish light was beginning to spill over the windowsill. \"You had better get back to bed, Mr. Kipps,\" I advised. \"You'll have to be leaving for your office in no more than an hour or two.\" He turned to go, but turned back after a pause. \"You should get some sleep as well.\" \"I'll go in a minute,\" I promised, but after he left I sat back down. There was definitely something strange about Arthur Kipps, something he was hiding, but then again, I had my secrets too. He was tense and awkward, but I decided that he wasn't so bad when he actually spoke, though I still wanted to know why he chose to stay here. He was far too normal for this place. So, I'm just gonna point out that some of the stuff in this chapter would never have happened in this time period. Jennet, a single lady, most likely wouldn't have been allowed to be alone with any man, either as a rich girl or a mental patient, but historical accuracy is the sacrifice I'm making in order for Jennet and Arthur to have bro time. Please tell me what you think![Chapter 3] Hi, kiddies. If anyone wants to know, if I was talking to you guys in person, I would be sheepishly avoiding eye contact because of the crushing guilt of the month-and-then-some it has taken me to update. I apologize. I guess this whole senior year thing hasn't been as easy as I thought it would be. On that note: I think I'm gonna change my once-a-week schedule (which I've been so faithful to, right?) to once a month. At least that way, I'll be able to keep to some semblance of a routine. Anyway, in a couple weeks, the worst of college app season will be over and I will (hopefully) have a smidge more time on my hands for writing. I'm not in love with this chapter, personally, but at least it's written. Just a reminder: it's Arthur's point of view again. I own nothing. Have at it, guys. I opened my eyes. And shut them again. Although the two months I had spent in Eel Marsh House had seen my nerves loosen their grip on me somewhat, there was always something to remind me where I was or who I was with, as soon as I found myself getting comfortable. Sometimes I would get the feeling, just for a second, that if I looked up from the book I was reading or the office work I had brought home with me, I would see the house as I had first seen it following Alice's death. It was just a flicker of a sensation that I was not alone here, that there was something alive here, where it should have been perfectly still. And of course there was something alive here because the Drablows and Jennet and the entire staff were here as well, but during those moments, my mind was back in the Eel Marsh House that the villagers had warned me not to go near. The notion always left as quickly as it arrived, and I would look up to find myself in the Eel Marsh House that was pristine and orderly and hadn't yet come to be associated with untimely deaths. Except not this time. I squeezed my eyes shut as tightly as I could and waited for the flicker to pass, but it didn't. I let a minute or two go by, then I opened my eyes again and sighed. The thick coating of dust on the table in front of me and the heavy cloths draped over the rest of the furniture left me in little doubt that I was back in the time period I was accustomed to. I put my head in my hands, thinking that this inexplicable time-jumping really was getting annoying. I let my hands fall back onto the table and noticed something. It was one of Jennet's letters. I glanced over the scathing words in her frenzied handwriting and wondered how in the world I had managed to doze off after reading them—but maybe that was just it: I had fallen asleep and had a terrible nightmare about a ghost. Followed by a very strange dream about going back in time. It wasn't completely ridiculous—the last thing I remembered was staying up reading in one of the studies, because I knew that I wouldn't be able to sleep and didn't want to go to bed. I must have fallen asleep. In the dream. And woken up a few moments ago in real life. It hardly made any sense, but it still made the most sense of any of the explanations I could think of. And it meant that my son was alive! Feeling my spirits shoot upward, I jumped out of my chair and began to sweep the paperwork into a pile. I would get on the soonest train back to London, finish going through the paperwork there, keep my job with the firm . . . everything would be fine. My optimism vanished when I heard the floor creak a few rooms over and the feeling of a presence other than my own came rushing back to me. With a shiver, I told myself that it was only Spider, ignoring the lack of the sound of her claws clicking against the boards as the floor continued to groan. I took a ginger step toward the hallway, to see what was making the noise. Or rather, to go find the dog. Because it was only the dog. I shuddered, remembering what I had seen of the Woman in Black while I was here searching the house for paperwork. All of that had been months ago now (unless everything else really had been a dream), but nevertheless when I commanded myself to keep walking, my feet didn't move. Seeing the vengeful expression on her face or—even worse—the vision of her suicide replayed would be a thousand times worse now that I had seen her rub sleep out of her eyes in the mornings, and knew that she was afraid of spiders. But the ghost had never made the sound of footsteps, and footsteps were decidedly what I was hearing approach the room I was in. Steeling myself, and with a final press of determination, I stepped out into the hallway— -And saw not a ghost and not Spider, but a boy of maybe ten or eleven that my memory acknowledged dimly as one of the children from the village. I jumped at the squawk of surprise he gave when he saw me, but as my shock wore down, I felt my face settle into a frown. \"What in the world are you doing here?\" I demanded. I watched him sputter wordlessly for a minute or two before he managed to choke out, \"Meant no disrespect, sir, I only—I just—the boys bet me that I couldn't sneak away from my parents and spend the night in the old house, so—I just thought I would—\" \"You came here for a bet? \" I asked, disbelieving that any of the children in Crythin Gifford managed not to take the stories seriously when so many of them had died. \"Well, not exactly, sir, that is, I never spent the night here. I only sneaked away from my parents and slept in the shed and then I came here early this morning to make it look like I had been here all along.\" I felt my frown deepen. \"Why would your friends have told you to come here?\" He scowled and made a crater in the carpet of dust with the toe of his shoe. \"They en't my friends. They don't like me 'cause I'm new in town. They got mad because I said I didn't believe their old stories.\" Ah. That explained why he was even remotely willing to come here, but I found myself even more stricken than before. I knew that children were typically very proud, but would all of them have gone to such lengths for the sake of impressing their peers? And then there was the matter of the other children; it made some level of sense that they would shun the new boy, but they had made him do something that was very likely to get him killed. Were they simply naïve and unaware of the magnitude of what they had done, or was their carelessness with each other's lives a byproduct of the uncertainty that any of them would live to adulthood? In the same situation, and had he lived, would my own son have acted the same way? I spent a bit of time deciding how to phrase my next question, before deciding to just be forward with it: \"Have you seen the ghost?\" The boy met my eyes for a moment and poked his chin out toward me. I shook my head. \"What, me? I'm not the ghost.\" \"'Course you are. A ghost, anyway. I recognize you sir, you're Mr. Kipps. You came to town same time as I did. There're stories about you now: you didn't believe the tales either when they told you, and you went to the house and the ghost drove you mad. Some of them said you even dug up the old lady and her boy to make the hauntings stop, but it didn't work. Next day, Mr. Daily told us you'd leapt in front of a train.\" \"I didn't—I don't—she wasn't an old lady, she was only thirty.\" He looked at me as if I had confirmed my alleged insanity. I shook my head; what were we doing standing around? \"Let's get you back to the village,\" I said decisively, taking hold of the boy's wrist and steering him toward the foyer. He dragged behind me a bit, but didn't protest. To my surprise, he had even begun chattering by the time we were halfway across the causeway. When we neared the rows of little houses, he pulled up short. \"Do you suppose you could just… stand back here sort of mysterious-like? Only I don't want everyone in the village to think I had to be rescued or anything. And they won't be so happy to see you, sir.\" There were no mists this morning, and from our spot on the causeway, we could see through to a sector of one of the roads, where a small group of locals had already congregated, beckoning to the boy and peering at me skeptically. A few of them seemed to be debating something and one woman crossed herself. At this distance, I couldn't make out their faces and I was guessing they couldn't make out mine either, but the boy was right: they probably wouldn't be pleased when they did. I nodded for him to go and hung back, watching, as he trotted toward the crowd and was promptly dragged away by the ear by one of the women. Perhaps if they had seen me, they would think Crythin Gifford had two ghosts now. Perhaps it did. Lately, as soon as I began to think I understood one level of the bizarre or supernatural, I was presented with another. Nothing made any sense anymore—last night, I had fallen asleep in one time period and today, I had woken up in another. I hadn't saved my son, nor had I fixed anything else. I was beginning to wish that train had killed me—assuming it hadn't. But that sort of thinking wasn't going to help me finish—whatever it was I had to do. I turned and walked back toward the house, trying not to hope too consciously that it would be its younger incarnation again when I got there. I puzzled as I walked. I became aware of a dull pain in my head. It was probably just because of the absurdity of the situation, but it really wasn't unlike the headaches I'd been having for the past few weeks while living with the Drablows. I thought about the flickers of presence I had felt and those moments where I had been sure that I would turn around to see the furniture draped over with heavy cloths and the floors clotted with dust. According to the boy, two months had passed here, just as they had in the earlier Crythin Gifford, where I had spent them. I clumped together snippets of ideas until I had formulated a theory: Maybe I was haunting Eel Marsh House, in a way, but only when there was someone there to haunt. That is, up until this morning, I had been living in the past, but when there was something alive in the house— this house, not the earlier version—its presence pulled me back to the present. It explained the flickers I had been feeling. So far, I had only been pulled back for a second at a time because until now, there had only been small presences, like cats or birds. But the presence of a human had been enough to bring me all the way back. It was a strange theory, probably too much so to be deemed a valid explanation. But then again, it seemed nothing could be logically explained anymore. I briefly wondered if it was the same way for Jennet, but dismissed that idea after only a moment. The Jennet I had been living with didn't know her fate yet, and if I got back I would do everything I could to make sure it stayed that way. The house was not back to its old pristine state when I reached the end of the causeway. I cautiously crossed the threshold, hoping faintly that the inside would be another story, and wasn't surprised when it wasn't. I sighed, wishing I was anywhere else. After a moment, an idea struck me and I shuffled back to the study in which I had woken up just over an hour ago, to find the mountain of paperwork I had left still spread over the table. I gathered it up as neatly as I could and banded it together in clumps with the cords I had pulled off of it originally. I hadn't sifted through all of it before. If I managed to find myself in the past again, I would finish going through them and hopefully find some information that would help me prevent the catastrophe that had started all of this. And then I would have to burn the papers, because I really didn't know what I would do if anyone there found them. I tried to plan out what to say in such an instance, just in case, but found my mind refused to churn out anything even close to useful. Next, I tried to fall asleep, hoping that I would be back in the past when I woke up, but that was just as impossible. Eventually, I grudgingly opened my eyes, but made a point of staring down at the table top. I was not going to see her again now, after all of this. The tide went in and out while I was there. At some point, it dawned on me that if I was stuck in this time, I might as well find a better place to wait for myself to figure out what to do next. I waited another hour for the marsh to reveal the causeway again, and then set out, deliberately letting my feet drag as I contemplated where I could go. A stretch of thoughtful wandering and a hunch that I shouldn't go into the village in earnest finally propelled me to the doorstep of the Dailys. They weren't likely to be any less shocked (or even horrified, I realized with a cringe) to see me than any of the villagers would have been, but I had reasoned that they were less likely to cross themselves and slam the door in my face. Which is exactly what the butler who answered the door did. But evidently, he didn't keep quiet about it because some minutes later, the door was opened again by a white-faced Sam. \"God in heaven,\" he muttered. \"Arthur.\" I realized that for all my pondering, I had failed to think of anything to say when I got here. I managed a strangled, \"Hello, Sam.\" It seemed egregiously casual, considering that he had watched me die. \"But. . .\" he shook his head, lost for words for a moment. \"You can't be here. You're dead.\" \"I know,\" I replied. \"That is, I think I do. To be honest, I don't really know what I'm doing here either. But I'll explain what I can. May I come in?\" He mutely stepped back, allowing me to step inside. \"This must be some bizarre fever dream,\" Sam decided, when I had finished telling him everything that had happened since the last time he had seen me, \"and I'll wake up tomorrow sick as a dog and raving about the dead being resurrected.\" \"I thought I was dreaming too, in the beginning. I still haven't fully decided I'm not,\" I murmured, looking into my cup of tea, which had long since gone cold. \"This is a dream,\" he repeated, \"but I'll still tell you that I think you should be careful. It would seem my conscience still hasn't forgiven me for letting you go is such a terrible way, and I would hate to see any more harm come to even a version of you that only lives in my subconscious.\" Surprised by this admission, I downed the lukewarm tea slowly as I thought about how to respond. Sam blamed himself for my death? Partially anyway, by the sound of it. But that was absurd—nothing Sam could have done would have stopped that train, or gotten Joseph and me out of the way in time. Swallowing hard, I thought of the weeks I had spent devastated into immobility after Stella's death. Even getting out of bed had become an exhausting task under the weight of my grief, and many days I hadn't bothered. Lying there, eyes fixed on a knot in the floorboards, I had asked myself how I had ever been so stupid and naïve as to think she would have survived. My mind blatantly displayed to me all the ways in which her death was my fault: everything from giving her a child in the first place, to letting her eat the wrong thing for breakfast the morning before the birth. Only when our loyal and usually gentle nanny had given me a much-needed verbal slap had I been dragged back into reality by the realization that I had a son to care for. The doctor had consoled me that there was no way I could have foreseen or prevented what had happened, but the guilt had stuck fast. It never entirely left. Perhaps it was the same sort of irrational guilt that was weighing on Sam. The human mind was such a defensive mechanism—how odd that we never blame ourselves for anything until we are presented with something as inescapable as death. I wondered if Jennet had experienced the same thing. Her letters had indicated that she blamed her sister wholeheartedly for Nathaniel's death, but maybe just a fraction of that blind rage had been directed back at herself. Of course, there was no need to think of all this because Jennet wasn't going to outlive her son and she wasn't going to be pushed over such an insurmountable edge. She was going to remain as childlike and benignly bad-tempered as she had been when she had complained to me yesterday about her clothes no longer fitting. She would if I could help it, anyway. I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts, and came back to the present. \"None of this is your fault,\" I muttered, casting a glance at poor Sam, to find him sullen-looking. He seemed to debate whether he should argue for a minute or so. Finally, he sighed and said, \"Just be careful Arthur.\" I let the silence hang for a moment. Then: \"She seems so . . . harmless. Sometimes I forget who she is. Or rather, what she will be.\" \"We were all children once.\" I went quiet, neither sure of what he meant nor of how to respond. After a while, the companionable silence congealed into awkwardness and I found myself grasping for something to say. \"How is Elizabeth?\" I asked haltingly. Sam looked sadder, if possible. \"She—she's not well. Your death and your son's were something of a shock. They've taken a bit of a toll on her.\" I looked down again, guilt nipping at my conscience, once again lost for words. Sam surprised me by speaking again: \"If you can fix all of this Arthur, then fix it. And Godspeed.\" When I left the Dailys' house the next morning, I stepped outside to to find it rather foggy, although it was comparatively clear for Crythin Gifford. I began the walk back to the village, planning to return to Eel Marsh House to see what else of use I could find, but realized as I approached the village that it looked all too familiar—but not in the way I had expected it to. I stopped in my tracks. I was back; there was the building that housed my office and there was the skeletal structure that would replace the inn that had burnt down, once the workers finished with it. I even saw one or two of the Drablows' servants bustling from place to place, plowing through their morning errands. I stopped myself from shaking my head to make sure I wasn't just seeing things, because if I was then . . . well, I would just carry on. It was still early morning, and a workday. From my this point on the rim of the village, I could be at my office within five minutes, but it would be better to go back to the house first and don some clothes that hadn't been slept in. The inhabitants and staff of Eel Marsh House were just finishing up with breakfast when I got back. I was greeted with a polite chorus of \"good morning\"s, which I sent back to them, hoping I didn't look as disheveled as I felt. \"Where have you been?\" Jennet piped up, ignoring the gentle chiding of her sister. She sounded more curious than accusatory. \"Visiting some family in London,\" I replied, perhaps a bit too quickly. \"I hope I didn't alarm any of you. It was rather last minute and it didn't occur to me that you might worry until I was half way to the train station.\" Jennet narrowed her eyes, clearly aware or at least suspicious of the lie, but she didn't question me any further. I had a feeling I hadn't fooled Alice or her husband either, but either they knew better how to hide their incredulity than Jennet did, or they were making more of an effort to do so. Within minutes, Mr. Drablow's focus had settled back on the newspaper in front of him, and Alice had drawn her sister into a discussion of how to go about finding a good midwife. I made for the stairs, but sat down with them at their insistence and agreed to eat something before leaving for my office, thinking how brilliant it would be if this family could always remain the way it was now. Presently, Grace, one of the maids, joined us, setting a parcel and an assortment of letters down on the table; the day's post, retrieved from the village. Thanking the maid, Mr. Drablow began to flip through the letters, setting a few of them aside, presumably to look at more closely later. He lingered on a letter toward the end of the stack, a crease appearing between his eyebrows, before handing it to his wife. It was a short note, and Alice appeared to read it several times over before speaking. \"Jennet, I think this one was meant to be for you.\" Jennet had been picking at a loose thread in the table cloth. She looked up and reached for the letter, but Alice seemed to change her mind and closed her fingers around the scrap of paper. She glanced at me and I got the feeling she wished I wasn't there. I wasn't sure whether it would be ruder to stay or to leave, since I hadn't been asked to leave outright and a fresh cup of tea had just been set down in front of me. I stayed where I was, hoping for somebody to tell me to go somewhere else. Alice sighed and turned back to her sister. \"It—it's from a minister in a hamlet a few miles from here. He says you asked him for help at some time, maybe a year ago. He doesn't specify . . . he wasn't quite sure of where you were now, so he handed the letter off to someone who he thought might have some idea. It seems to have travelled around quite a bit before it finally got to someone who knew you were here—\" \"Alice.\" Jennet's voice had an edge of impatience to it now. \"What is it?\" \"He received a notice from Oliver Peirston's sister. He's dead.\" The color in Jennet's face receded, but her expression didn't change. She folded her hands and stared at the floor while the rest of us waited for her to ask how or why this had happened. She closed her eyes and for a moment, I thought she might cry, but when she finally replied, her voice was level even though it was only a whisper: \"Good.\" A minute later, we heard the door to her room snap shut and no one saw her for the rest of the day. I didn't get much work done that afternoon. As I sat, shut up in my office between appointments with the letters Jennet hadn't yet written spread out before me, trying to think of some way to make everything better, it occurred to me that perhaps all of this was beyond my power to fix. I feel like this chapter is confusing, as well as late, but I wasn't sure how to make it better. But yeah. Arthur is going to sporadically find himself back in the original time period in which the story was set for short lengths of time, before going back. Don't worry, this will have some significance to the story eventually. I think the next chapter will be better and hopefully more timely . . . please review and don't hate me forever.[Chapter 4] Merry Christmas (to anyone who still remembers me enough to be reading this- even though most you guys probably won't see this until tomorrow so my holiday greeting is useless. Still.)! I think I'm going to stop setting deadlines for myself. It just sets everyone up for disappointment. Lets start out with our expectations nice and low this time, shall we, and hope I'll update before the next presidential election? A big ole' thanks to HyperCaz, MiriFlower27, thechosen1, battyderp, GeneMarie85 and my anonymous guest for reviewing. I own nothing. Jenet's POV again. \"Good morning!\" Alice's voice was sugared with an inexplicable level of cheerfulness, given that I had flatly refused to come to breakfast this morning. She floated into the chair across from mine (I was in my rocking chair again, cozied into a rarely-used study with a novel and an insistent desire to be left alone) and smiled absurdly until I was bothered into folding over the page I was reading and closing the book. \"Good morning, Alice.\" \"What would you like to do today?\" By way of response, I help up the book, aware that it was probably not the response she had been hoping for, and not caring particularly. But Alice was steadfast in her high spirits. \"What's that you're reading?\" she chirped, leaning forward a bit for a better look at the cover. \" Jane Eyre ,\" (A/N: spoilers! Ye be warned!) I replied. \"It just arrived the other day. I assume you sent for a copy.\" \"I did, but I haven't read it yet. Everybody I've spoken to at length about it seemed either enthralled or disgusted. It looks like you've nearly finished it— how do you like it?\" \"It's about a governess who falls in love with her employer. And there's a mad wife who defenestrates herself.\" \"Goodness. Shall I read it when you're done with it?\" \"No. I've just told you what happens.\" \"Ah well. What would you like to do today?\" \"You asked that already.\" \"Why don't we go to the beach?\" I blinked. \"The beach? It's far too cold. I'm half freezing, even inside.\" \"We'll bring some blankets. It can be a picnic.\" Her smile didn't even flicker. My sister was a kind soul, but when she wanted something there was no putting her off it. I opened my book back up and pretended to continue reading, hoping there was still a chance I could get away with staying in today. I considered telling her I felt ill, but then she would have brought in every doctor she could find to make sure the baby wasn't in danger. She was always so worried for it. And I mostly appreciated her concern—I did. But I was beginning to feel the occasional prickle of annoyance. It was my child. It was my job to be concerned. \"What are you so excited for anyway?\" I asked, wincing as my voice came out more snappish than even I thought was entirely necessary. She gave me a look and I remembered. \"Oh, that. Do we have to celebrate?\" \"Well, you're not going to ignore it while you live under my roof.\" With that, she snatched my book and stood up to place it on a shelf at the other end of the room. I glared at her. \"There,\" she announced, \"now you have to get up. We'll go and get some fresh air and have a nice dinner when we come back.\" \"I'm not wholly opposed to food or even fresh air, to be honest, but I really would rather you let go of this getting up idea.\" I frowned and added: \"It's become rather difficult of late.\" \"Oh, poor lamb,\" she said and although I would have leapt on even the slightest hint of sarcasm in her voice, there was none to be found. \"I'll help,\" she offered, holding out her hands. I grasped them and heaved myself out of the chair, making a point of putting more weight on her than I really needed to and giggling when I nearly made her fall over. \"See?\" I demanded, more because I hated to let her win than because I was still annoyed. \"I'm hopeless. It will take me an hour just to cross the room.\" \"Nonsense. You're as lithe as ever.\" Again, she wasn't being sarcastic, but this time it was a blatant lie, albeit a good-natured one. Over the past few months, I had come to resemble a bubble more than anything else. An enormous, angry bubble. \"You and your husband should just go and enjoy yourselves and celebrate my birthday without me,\" I persisted. \"Out of the question,\" said Alice. \"Go put something warmer on and put your hair up and I'll ask the kitchen staff to prepare us a picnic basket. It shouldn't take them more than—oh, say, half an hour. Then Marius will drive the three of us—you, me and Morgan, that is—to the beach and we will have lunch and go for a walk and it will all be delightful.\" \"Delightful,\" I echoed. The word fell rather flat coming from me—I wasn't given to optimism like Alice was. \"Are we going to bring Mr. Kipps?\" \"It's a Tuesday. He has to work, dear.\" \"I know that. But still, isn't it rude not to invite him? What with him being the only person within ten miles who doesn't hate us.\" It was true; the people in the village had not been fond of the Drablows to begin with. I suppose it was only natural, given that most of their houses could have fit inside my sister's, and the mile or so of swamp land around the house didn't exactly give the impression that they were open to friendly visits whenever someone cared to stop by. They hadn't become any fonder when Mrs. Drablow's allegedly mad, illegitimately pregnant sister had come to live here either. \"I suppose,\" Alice conceded. \"But there's nothing to be done about it now. I'm sure he will understand.\" \"Isn't he at his office now? I'll walk into the village and get him while you wait for the food, then we'll meet each other at the beach. If you're still set on going, that is.\" \"Jennet.\" \"Don't sound so worried—he won't actually join us. As you said just now, he's busy. It will just be an invitation.\" \"Jennet, I don't know if your going alone is entirely proper. I don't know if your going at all is entirely proper.\" \"Oh, I'm sure it isn't. But I forsake any semblance of propriety simply by existing at this point.\" I waved the matter off with a flick of my hand, but in truth felt rather stung. She didn't want me to embarrass the family. I had done enough of that already. She didn't say anything, so I went and changed into warmer clothes and searched for my cloak until I found it on a chair in the dining room I must have tossed it over the day before. Alice was waiting for me by the door. \"Jennet, please just wait so that you can ride in the buggy with us,\" she said. \"I don't like the idea of you walking over the causeway alone like this. It isn't safe. Think of the baby.\" I felt a sensation similar to swallowing something scalding and realized my face had settled into a scowl. I was thinking of the baby. I hadn't stopped thinking about the baby since I had realized there was going to be one. Did she think I was being careless, that I was willing to endanger my child? I turned to argue that of course I had considered the possible dangers and that it was perfectly safe because it was the clearest day we had seen in a long time and I would be careful and the marsh was nearly frozen solid anyway. Instead I said, \"Relax, Alice. If I drown in the marsh then I won't be able to humiliate you any longer, will I?\" I glimpsed the hurt on her face before storming out into the frigid open air and immediately felt guilty. It had been the wrong thing to say. She wasn't so very bad, after all, just more protective than she needed to be. And she had only been trying to cheer me up. It all stemmed back to Pierston, like most of the things wrong with my life seemed to. I didn't know why the news of his death had turned me unusually sulky over the past two weeks—I certainly wasn't mourning him. Whatever happened to him, he had probably deserved it. I hated him. I didn't know why I had ever liked him to begin with. I was glad he was dead. But no, that wasn't strictly true. Not if I was being honest with myself. Jennet, you are entirely too naïve to have existed this long , I thought to myself as I trudged. It made no sense that I had been so shocked; it wasn't as if his death affected anything. I had known when he left me that my child would grow up without a father. I had known that I would never see his stupid, self-assured, arrogant half smile again or the stupid mole on his right shoulder or the stupid way he hummed to himself while he wrote letters. Little tunes he thought up himself. Not that it mattered. His death was just a fact, really, an unnecessary confirmation of what had already been settled. But it meant I had to put to rest the silly old daydream, the one where he somehow found me again and begged me to forgive him, saying he loved me, he would always love me, all sweet and gentle like he had been in that first year or so. If there had ever been any justification for that childish fantasy, it was gone now. I had finally been forced to give up on it, and it was best that way because sometimes, in the dream, I forgave him—and false hope would do me no good. Even if I had never really believed it would happen. Nevertheless, I had been far from agreeable—well, farther than usual—since hearing the news and the change clearly hadn't gone unnoticed because Alice had been verging on sickly sweet ever since. She thought I was sad for him. At least, I hoped that was the reason because becoming unnaturally cheerful was Alice's (probably unconscious) way of trying to cheer up the people around her, but it was also what she did when she was feeling guilty about something. And I was growing fairly sure that there was something she was hiding—something that had already happened or something that was going to—that she just couldn't bring herself to tell me yet. Whatever it was that was being kept a secret, I had determined that the best person to ask about it was Arthur Kipps—Alice clearly was not going to tell me on her own and if she wasn't then her husband certainly wasn't. Granted, it was entirely possible that Kipps knew no more than I did, but if it was something very important he probably would have been informed. Now, I finally had the chance to speak with him alone and, with any luck, would get the truth out of him. Which was probably why Alice hadn't wanted me to go see him: she knew that I would be able to find out from him what was going on (although a more logical corner of my mind protested that she was right and I really was breaking countless rules of propriety, which was probably not going to help the matter of the nasty rumors about the family that were already circulating the village). By the time I reached the office building, I felt half frozen through. Mr. Kipps shared the building with a pharmaceutical practice and when I asked their receptionist where I might find him, I received the expected raised eyebrows, but was dutifully pointed toward the second floor. I climbed a flight of stairs at the back of the building and found myself facing a door that announced Arthur Kipps: Solicitor . It was open, so I went in. He was sitting at a desk in the middle of the dim room, pouring over a stack of documents that seemed to be mostly scratched out by hand in red ink. He hastily shoved them under an even larger stack of papers when he noticed me come in, and then pushed the entire pile to one side so forcefully that half of it tumbled to the floor Odd , I decided, but didn't think of it much. All men were secretive. \"Don't mind that,\" he said, blushing a bit. \"Good morning, Miss Humfrye.\" \"Good morning, Mr. Kipps,\" I replied, gingerly lowering myself into the chair opposite him. \"I think the people downstairs might be under the impression that I'm in love with you—midmorning visits without a chaperone and all that. Sorry. You can tell them you allow me to come around because you pity my being mad and they'll think you're quite heroic.\" I realized this sounded like something I would have said to Alice. When had I become so familiar with Kipps? He looked as if he wasn't sure whether he ought to laugh. After a moment, he said, \"They can think what they like. It's not as if I'm going to lose customers, being the only solicitor in the village.\" I smiled, glad he wasn't upset, because I didn't know what I would do if I had to go back and speak to Alice alone. It wasn't entirely my fault, of course, but I supposed I did owe her an apology. Feeling my temporary spurt of good spirits dampen, I twisted my fingers together and looked down at the desk. A little stack of paper had been uncovered when the larger pile had tumbled to the floor. I picked it up and smoothed out a fold in one of the corners. \"What's this?\" \"Oh that.\" Mr. Kipps' seemingly perpetual frown deepened. \"Just—just a drawing.\" I could see that it was a drawing, done by a very young child, by the looks of it. The word 'Friday' was scrawled at the top of the page and underneath were the wobbly portraits of a little boy—most likely the artist himself—holding hands with a woman and a man, slightly shorter, displaying a resolute frown that easily covered half his face. I looked at the drawing of the man and then back up at Kipps. \"It's you,\" I decided. He looked rather affronted that could tell. \"Do I really look like that?\" He asked. I nodded. \"It's the frown that gives it away. Who made this for you, a nephew? A godson?\" He had a habit of disappearing unexpectedly to visit relatives in London. The little drawing must have been a present from one of their children. I suddenly felt a pang and hoped that a pair of tiny hands would make pictures like this for me some day. Kipps cleared his throat. \"Um. My son made that, actually.\" I was silent for a moment, surprised. \"I didn't know you had any children. Where is your son now?\" My mood darkened further as I pictured a woman and toddler in a dark little house, waiting for him to come home. He didn't say anything for so long that I began to think he hadn't heard me properly. Finally, he replied, \"He died. Shortly before I came to Crythin Gifford.\" Damn! I was so stupid. Of course the boy was dead, or else he would have been here, with his father. It was suddenly very difficult to take my eyes off the pattern on the carpet. \"I—I'm so sorry, Arthur,\" I stuttered, blushing as I realized I had used his given name for the first time. \"I didn't mean to . . .\" \"You couldn't have known.\" \"I can't imagine losing a child.\" \"I know you can't.\" There was something in his voice that I had never heard there before. Anger? Of course, he couldn't have blamed me for his son's death. But clearly it was a sore topic and I had been absent-minded enough to bring it up. \"Here,\" I muttered and held the picture out to him, hoping to alleviate some of the tension that had materialized between us. In an upper corner of the paper, there was a picture of a woman half obscured by a clump of clouds, sporting a pair of wings and a yellow halo. This time, I knew better than to ask who it was. I had seen that Kipps wore a wedding ring. Well, here it was, not even noon and I had already offended the only two people I really liked in the world. After a time, he sighed and asked, \"Was there something you wanted, Miss Humfrye?\" To my relief, the resentment in his voice seemed to be gone. \"Oh, right. Alice wanted to go to the beach. Silly. This time of year. But it looks as if we'll go, so I thought I would invite you.\" He looked doubtfully at the mountain of paperwork in front of him. \"Is there an occasion?\" \"Um, yes, actually. It's my birthday.\" He looked bemused, so I shrugged my shoulders to make it look as though I didn't care. \"How old?\" he asked. \"If you don't mind my asking.\" \"Not a day over eighty-five.\" He gave a short laugh that was almost convincing. \"How old, really?\" \"Twenty-three.\" \"You don't say.\" He actually smiled. A real smile, and it was surprisingly bright. \"Same as me.\" \"Really? You look older.\" But of course he did. He son had just died. Shut up , Jennet. \"Well, shall we go then?\" he asked. \"Go where? Oh, you mean you're actually coming?\" Ha! Alice would be so surprised. He got up and walked around the desk, holding his arm out to help me up. \"Of course,\" he replied. \"Birthdays are special.\" There was the faintest hint of his earlier smile in his voice and now that I thought about it, it really wasn't so hard to believe he had been someone's father. The beach was freezing, just as I had predicted, but there was a nice, clean salt water smell and I could almost have fallen asleep to the sweeping of the frigid waves against the sand. I burrowed into my pile of blankets, picking at a roll and happily complaining about the weather. Alice, bless her, had brought the book I had been reading earlier. I whiled away a few minutes trying to read while the rest of them chattered, but I found myself, for once, more drawn to the conversation than to the words on the page. My sister had concealed her surprise at seeing Mr. Kipps deftly enough when the two of us arrived. She had greeted us and half-heartedly chastised me for not dressing warmly enough. Neither of us mentioned our previous argument, but something in the way she spoke to me hinted that her patience with me was thinning. Still, I had to admit, if only to myself, that I was glad she had made me come here. I would apologize later. For the moment, all was well. I fudged the ages a bit. I don't think Arthur was twenty-three in the movie because then he would have been nineteen when Joseph was born and I think that was a bit young, even by the standards of that time period. But he was twenty-three in the book, so twenty-three he shall be here. I'm not sure if Jennet was twenty-three either, actually. For some reason (I'm not quite sure why, looking back) I thought she was thirty when she and Nathaniel died and Nathaniel was about seven so Jennet would have been twenty-three when he was born. But I don't know, I really don't. Moral of the story is bad things happen when Luly tries to do simple math. As usual, historical inaccuracies abound, but oh well. Reviews would be nice.[Chapter 5] You know you're not doing well when Chapter Four goes up on Christmas and Chapter Five goes up after Valentines Day. . . As usual, most of this has been written for a long time, but it just took a while to squeeze those last couple of pages out of my brain. Some stupid stuff has been going on with my school work (which is my fault, by the way, so this isn't Excuse Making), so the writing has been slow. But that doesn't mean I love you all any less. Rainbow cookies and puppy snuggles for GeneMarie85, c00kieguirl and three fabulous anonymous guests for reviewing. I own nothing. Arthur's POV. I was drawn out of my room by a rather painful thudding sound and the unmistakable crash of breaking china. I had reluctantly decided not to go into the office today, as the house couldn't seem to decide which version of itself it wanted to be—the one in which everyone was alive or the one in which they weren't—and the constant flickering back and forth had resulted in a splitting headache. Stepping out into the hallway, I found a tray rolling lazily to a halt a few feet away and Alice's maid, Grace, kneeling amid the pieces of what had once been a tea pot. \"So sorry, sir,\" she said miserably. \"I was rushing and the hem of my dress caught under my feet.\" \"You're not hurt are you?\" She shook her head, frantically trying to gather up the china shards with one hand while using the edge of her dress to mop the tea off the carpet with the other. \"Here,\" I offered, dropping to my knees and plucking a few shards from the floor, \"I'll do this and you go get a rag before the stain sets in.\" She bleated a few halfhearted protests before carefully transferring her handful of china pieces to me and scurrying off. I fought off a touch of indignation as I gathered up the fragments—the maid would never have allowed me to help if there had been another option, but the entire household had been in a state of disarray for the past few days and we both knew that another servant could not have been spared. I, however, was grounded firmly in the middle class and a servant accepting aid from me was nowhere near as outrageous as a servant accepting aid from a member of the family she served. A pair of feet, obscured by the hem of a black dress, rounded the corner. \"What have you done now, Mr. Kipps?\" said Jennet. I didn't need to look up to tell that she was smirking. \"The tea pot fell.\" \"Why on earth were you carrying a tea pot?\" she laughed, coming to stand over me. \"Grace tripped and dropped it. She's gone to fetch a rag.\" \"So you're helping. How nice. Alice is always saying I should do more to get to know the staff. As it is, I would help, but bending down has proven to be rather disastrous of late.\" I looked up and saw her laugh again and couldn't help but smile in return. Even in mourning, she looked so young and so entirely alive that it was difficult to remember how I had first seen her. Not to mention that physically, she was now the polar opposite of the rail thin form she had taken as a ghost. \"Well, I'm glad to see you so cheerful, especially today,\" I commented, adding another shard to my handful. \"A second notice of death in one month cannot have been an easy thing to take in.\" When she smiled again, I got the impression it was forced. \"It hardly makes any difference to me. I hadn't seen Mother in ages. I'm only in mourning for Alice's sake.\" Her cheerfulness suddenly seemed much less contagious. \"Surely you feel a bit of remorse,\" I prompted. She shrugged and all of a sudden she was her usual, irritable self again. \"Mother wouldn't have so much as batted an eyelash if she had outlived me. Why should it be any different the other way around?\" \"Jennet. . .\" I muttered, suddenly annoyed. I returned my attention to the china on the floor, not wanting to look at her anymore. There were times when she seemed to come from a wholly different world, one where nothing was generally expected, like remorse at the death of one's mother. It was as if she belonged to an entirely different society that consisted only of her and she knew the basics of interacting with the rest of the world, but she hadn't quite mastered it. There was an undeniable gap in either her knowledge of social norms or her adherence to them and there was a part of me—a part I did my best to ignore—that wondered if she would even be able to raise a child on her own. I reminded myself that she wouldn't necessarily have to. Not alone, at any rate. So far, no mention had been made of the prospect of the Drablows adopting Nathaniel and I was nursing a shred of hope that they would allow Jennet to stay in their home and raise him, with their help but with her ultimately in the role of mother. With a sigh, I opened my mouth to tell her that I hoped she would not say such things to the other mourners at her mother's burial, but before I could form the words, she cut me off: \"Are you going to lecture me, Mr. Kipps? By all means, please do so. Alice hasn't had the heart since we heard about Mother and it's looking as though I might pass an entire day without somebody telling me all the things wrong with me—unthinkable, of course.\" \"Hardly, Miss Humfrye,\" I replied coldly, still frustrated with her. Her shoulders slumped. \"You needn't be like that. I can't help being mad, you know. If I wasn't then Mother would never have sent me away and I would be dutifully inconsolable now.\" Sent her away? This was something I had not heard about. I had assumed she had been made to leave her parents' house when they discovered that she was pregnant, but now she was speaking as if her estrangement from her parents had existed long before that. I let the matter drop, deciding to ponder it later as it was hardly something I could properly ask her about. Instead, I stood up and said, \"I don't think you're mad,\" letting the words hang in the air, obviously only the first part of the statement. \"Go on.\" \"I think you tell yourself you're mad as a means of coping with guilt. You use it to avoid taking responsibility.\" I expected anger or, at the very least, indignation and I forced myself to look her stubbornly in the eye while I awaited her response. But she only raised a delicate eyebrow and asked, \"And what, pray tell, should I feel guilty for?\" I couldn't bring to respond and after a few moments of silence I realized I wasn't entirely sure what the answer was, at any rate. There was her separation from Pierston, but that hadn't necessarily been her fault—and to say it had been would have put me on the other side of what few social lines I hadn't already crossed. I felt my face redden a bit as I realized that what I had just said to her might have been considered almost acceptable sixty years in the future. But not now and not when her family stood head and shoulders above me in social rank. \"Mr. Kipps, you certainly are a mystery,\" she murmured presently, lowering her tone to match mine in coldness. \"You drop out of the sky one day and decide to make a permanent life for yourself in a village you've never heard of. You disappear for hours or days at random intervals. I can't decide whether you're amiable and introverted or condescending and reserved and I'm not sure that you know either.\" \"I hope I haven't offended you, Miss Humfrye. Please accept my sincerest apologies if I have.\" The stiffness in both of our voices drew the tension tighter. After a pause, she huffed and said, \"For God's sake, can't we just put all of this behind us? I'm so tired of always being upset with everyone.\" I grinned, in spite of myself. \"Are you giving an apology or demanding one?\" \"I'm proposing that neither of us apologize and we simply move on.\" I almost scoffed at her—to hear her speak as if I was the one who couldn't 'simply move on'! Nevertheless, I reasoned, letting bygones be bygones was probably something I should encourage in her, so I held out my hand and said, \"That is most reasonable of you.\" Jennet smiled as she shook my hand. I got the feeling it wasn't often that she received praise and when she did, she resembled a ten-year-old who had just won her school spelling contest. Just like that, she was back to being a naïve little girl. Before I could be too pleased, however, the house flickered forward and the wallpaper became faded, the floorboards blanketed with dust, and every corner meshed with cobwebs. I put one hand over my eyes and frowned, hoping that this would only last a few seconds. This had been happening all morning—there must have been a cat or a bird in the future house, since it only seemed to flicker when there was something alive there. I wished these spells would at least last long enough for me to find the creature and help it find its way out, but when I opened my eyes again the dust and cobwebs were gone and Jennet was peering at me, looking concerned and thoroughly alive. \"You are not well,\" she decided. \"That's why you're here. Otherwise you would be at your office this time of day.\" \"It's only a bit of a headache,\" I said, absently rubbing my temple. \"And anyway, this way I can be with you and your family. As a friend. In this, erm, time of need.\" She shook her head. She always knew when I was lying, but rarely said anything, which was a blessing because I had absolutely no idea what I would have said, had she confronted me about it. \"Let's go sit down, shall we?\" she suggested. I nodded and she led the way downstairs and into the dining room. \"One of the parlors would be better, of course,\" she went on, \"but I'm not quite sure when we are to leave for the burial and this way, they'll go straight past us on their way out the door. And I think Alice might lose her mind if she had to search for me for more than a minute. Have you seen her lately?\" \"I haven't.\" \"That's hardly surprising. She's hardly spoken to anyone since the news arrived—about Mother, that is. She's been rather beside herself, I'm afraid.\" We reached the dining room and I pulled a chair out for her. She looked at it doubtfully and said, \"Thank you, but I think I'll stand. Sitting down is more trouble than it's worth when you're enormous.\" She nodded stoically, but then smiled to let me know that it wasn't something that troubled her immensely. She gestured toward the chair and added, \"You go ahead.\" As I sat down, she mused, \"It's grief, I suppose, that has my sister so unlike herself. I've seen her like this before and if this is anything like the last time, then she'll be better in a few weeks, but I still worry for her.\" \"It's only natural, I'm sure,\" I agreed, although I knew well that the death of someone close could keep one grieving for far longer than that. \"But, if you'll forgive me for asking, what was it that happened before?\" Before Jennet could answer, a kitchen maid scurried past us, carrying a bucket that looked far too heavy for one person. Jennet gave me a meaningful look and said, \"That's a story for another day, Mr. Kipps.\" And I knew that the answer to my question was not something that her sister would have approved of her talking about. I nodded and noticed something I hadn't before. \"Miss Humfrye, why exactly is there flour on your skirts?\" \"What? Oh. Damn. I wish I had seen that earlier. The answer is because I've just failed spectacularly at cooking, which I was attempting because, as you've no doubt noticed, we are horrifically understaffed.\" \"The household has seemed rather . . . disordered these past few days, but I wasn't aware that any staff had been let go of.\" \"No, in fact it's always been this way, but you and I never realized because of one simple reason: Alice does everything.\" \"Oh yes?\" \"Yes. She used to help with the food, the laundry, and I don't even know what else. I never knew until she stopped and I asked Grace why everyone suddenly didn't know what to do with themselves. I suppose she didn't want the rest of us to realize they don't have the money for any more help.\" \"She told me once that she and her family weren't nearly as wealthy as most of the villagers would have me believe.\" \"And lo and behold, they're not. God knows what we would do if we didn't have a paying tenant.\" I knew I was meant to smile at this, but just as she said it, the house flickered forward again and a very different Jennet was standing in front of me. Startled half to death, I placed both hands over my face, wishing that all of this would just stop. This time, I didn't look again until the click of heeled shoes walking away from me had entirely faded out. About a minute later, Jennet—the harmless little girl, Jennet—returned with a glass of water, which she set down on the table in front of me, and a handful of torn clothes. \"Let's hope I'll have more success at mending,\" she said, carefully lowering herself into the chair beside mine. \"Are you quite alright? You look as though you've seen a ghost.\" I laughed at that, although it must have sounded half crazed because it only made her look more worried. \"Yes, I'm fine,\" I clarified. \"I just. . . my head.\" \"If you say so,\" she muttered, and began trying to thread a needle that she had evidently brought along with the pile of clothes. Just as she finally got the thread through the minute eye of the needle, she gasped and dropped both of them, letting the needle role onto the floor. She looked down at her belly, laid her hand on it and said, \"Oh, stop your kicking. Your term will be over soon enough.\" \"You must be excited,\" I mused when she appeared to have recovered. She retrieved the needle and began to struggle with threading it again. \"Excited and terrified. I know how many things can go wrong.\" I decided not to tell her that she really didn't, and instead took the needle from her, threaded it and handed it back. \"I had to develop a lot of skills when I found myself with a newborn and no money and no wife,\" I explained, in response to her inquiring look. \"It must be very difficult being a solitary parent.\" \"It's not as terrible as you probably think. You do have a family who is more than willing to help you, after all.\" Although I hadn't had some of the disadvantages she was faced with—the social isolation that resulted from her son's illegitimacy, for one thing. But I wasn't about to tell her that. \"They are, aren't they?\" She agreed, although she didn't look particularly happy about it. \"Alice doesn't think I can raise this baby on my own. She doesn't say so, but I know she thinks it. Half the time I'm not sure that I can do it either.\" \"You don't have to, you know.\" \"What?\" \"Raise the child alone, I mean. There is no shame in accepting help.\" \"I'm not ashamed. It's not that.\" She paused, stabbing the needle through the fabric with more force than was quite necessary. When she spoke again, it was slowly, as if with each word, she was deliberating what the next one should be. \"It's just that this child, this tiny thing growing inside of me is the only thing that nobody else can love quite as much as I do. That hasn't been given to me out of pity by my sister or anyone else. It's the only thing that's really mine.\" And she wanted to be the only thing that was his. Although she didn't speak this conclusion out loud, it existed as palpably to both of us as if it had taken material form and been placed on the table between us. \"What I need is employment\" she said. She had now abandoned the mending and was knotting and un-knotting the thread in her fingers. \"If I had a reliable income, then I could leave here and find a little house or a room somewhere. Then I could stop being such an embarrassment to my sister and I could raise the child on my own. Unfortunately, my only skill seems to be upsetting people.\" \"Actually, you'd be surprised. You're educated; women like you are in high demand as governesses and nannies.\" She scoffed. \"Good Lord, I'm worried about my ability to bring up one child alone, let alone hordes of them. I would probably be a dreadful nanny.\" \"I know how afraid you are,\" I found myself saying, after a pause, \"but I can promise it will all be worth it when you see your child's face for the first time.\" She looked at me steadily for a moment, then her face split into a heartbreaking smile and I got the sudden feeling that I had said exactly the right thing—a feeling I hadn't experienced since I had last seen my own son. Jennet looked up as Alice stepped into the room with her husband and Grace and a few other servants in tow. \"There you are, Jennet,\" she said. \"We're just leaving. Marius has your trunk. Are you all ready?\" \"Yes. I haven't finished this though.\" She looked at the cloak she had been clumsily repairing. \"I'll see to it that it's taken care of,\" I assured the group at large. Jennet set the cloak down on the table and allowed me to help her stand up. \"Are you sure you cannot join us for the burial service, Mr. Kipps?\" Mr. Drablow asked. \"Regretfully, yes,\" I affirmed. \"I fear I've already been away from the office longer than is good for my income.\" \"Quite understandable,\" he replied. \"We won't be gone more than a few days. If you should need us, send word to us at the Humfrye Estate in –Shire. Although I trust all will be well in out absence.\" \"I'm sure it will,\" I agreed, following them into the foyer, where they all donned cloaks and scarves to fend off the cold that awaited them outside. \"You have my sincere condolences,\" I assured them, for what must have been the hundredth time, as they stepped out the door. Alice gave me a forlorn smile and a little nod and her husband shook my hand. Jennet didn't acknowledge the statement. She must have reasoned that it was not directed toward her, as she had made it quite clear that condolences were not needed as far as she was concerned. She did, however, give me a smile (which really was far too genuine, given the circumstances) over her shoulder before she clambered into the buggy. When they were gone, I stepped back inside and was taken aback by the quiet. The sounds of footsteps and creaking furniture and floorboards and muffled voices in nearby rooms had been such a constant in the past few months that the lack of them was disconcerting. I was entirely alone in Eel Marsh House. I smiled - how novel. By the next morning, the flickering had all but died out and I had managed to drag myself to my office, despite the splitting headache that was left. As always, it seemed, I spent the day working away at a seemingly endless stack of paperwork, but for once, I found myself relaxed by the normality of it. I was an ordinary man, working as an ordinary solicitor in an ordinary office. Never mind that I would not even be born for a good forty years and that when the family of dead people that I lived with returned, I would have to continue racking my brains for a way to undo the death of my son. I was even beginning to nod off when a brisk cluster of knocks sounded at my door. \"Come in,\" I called and the door opened, admitting a man from a nearby village, with whom I had been working out the technicalities of one of his clients selling a house to one of mine. \"I was hoping we could get the contract settled, once and for all,\" he explained, after we had shaken hands and he had sat down in the chair across from me. \"I think there are just a few statements that still need going over.\" \"Yes, of course,\" I replied, trying to clear a space on my desk. \"Although you've found me rather disorganized, I'm afraid. I wasn't expecting to see anybody today for a good few hours.\" \"I hope it isn't a bad time. I meant to send word to you ahead of time, but I've been more than a bit disorganized myself, of late. My secretary has just resigned to go off and get married and I'm something of a mess without her, it seems.\" \"It must be difficult.\" \"Yes. I've been trying to find a new one, but you would be surprised how few good women there are who can read and write and aren't already employed. Are you feeling quite yourself today, Kipps? You look as if I've just told you the Messiah is returning.\" \"Yes, yes,\" I replied. \"But I think I can help you. Suppose I know a woman who can read and write and is currently looking for work? She doesn't have much –well, any past experience, but she's eager to work and quite sweet, most of the time.\" The last part was a lie, really, but I knew that Jennet had the capacity to be pleasant, although she didn't always or even normally choose to be. But she could, and she would if she had to. And she did have to. \"The only drawback,\" I continued, \"is that she can't begin work immediately. She's in a bit of a fix, you see: she's with child and, um, the father is just recently dead, so she has no way of feeding the child unless she finds work herself.\" Realizing that this was another blatant lie, I added, \"She prefers not to accept charity. But she wouldn't be able to start until after the birth.\" \"Naturally. But how soon would that be?\" \"Not more than a month, I think.\" The man nodded. \"I would have to speak with her, of course. But it's certainly a possibility.\" We spent the remainder of the afternoon combing through our contract, but I had difficulty concentrating and found myself wishing that Jennet and her family would return as soon as possible so that I could tell her what had happened. She would be delighted, I was sure of it. Alice could hardly object to Jennet keeping her son if Jennet had the means to provide for him—Alice Drablow wasn't spiteful enough to maintain an argument when fair reasoning was against her. I whistled, on my way home.[Chapter 6] Well, guys, I'm alive. The reason for this obscenely long hiatus was that all of a sudden, I just had absolutely no inspiration, and I didn't have any idea what to do with this chapter. I still don't - but I do know what to do with the other chapters, so I'm not going to make the whole story suffer because of this one stupid, pesky part of it. So... I'm uploading this chapter, even though it's not finished. Don't worry, nothing plot important happens, it just cuts off very abruptly. I really am sorry for this cop out you guys. Hopefully, I will come back later and write the part I gave up on. For now, I'm posting this, so that I can continue to the next chapters. On a more cheerful note, I read an early draft of the screenplay for The Woman in Black on line and it was pretty cool. There was a lot more detail about the characters and what had happened to each of them. Jennet's back story was very different from the one I gave her. If you just google 'Woman in Black screenplay', the pdf of it is one of the first things to come up. I recommend checking it out. On an even more cheerful note, special thanks to Riri Goei, GeneMarie85, Brainstorm, GDB, C00kieguirl and HyperCaz for reviewing. And on another, only slightly more cheerful note, I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its various drafts and adaptations. Onto this poor, malformed chapter... (Jennet's POV again). Funerals were horrid things, really. All of them. I hadn't thought so quite so strongly at the service following my father's death ten years ago—the only one I had attended, until now. Now, however, I had spent the better part of a day in a stuffy old church, surrounded by Mother's tearful and doddering old friends and pretending to listen to a clergyman, to whom Mother had probably spoken twice in her life, as he sermonized about her warmth and compassion during her time on earth. Which, of course, only served to prove that he hadn't known her at all. After the funeral and burial, we stayed a week in the estate that had been mine and Alice's childhood home, which I thoroughly hated, but which Alice refused to leave until all the business of inheritance and the sale of the property had been settled. Alice herself was as much of a wreck as she had been a week ago and talking to her rarely yielded more than a solemn nod or shake of the head in response. All things considered, by the time we were piled into a carriage and on our way back to Crythin Gifford, I regretted my mother's death as intensely as anyone else did. Won't Mr. Kipps be proud of me for this touching display of emotion ? I thought dryly, drumming my fingers against the frigid wood of the window frame of the carriage. \"Who do you suppose thought up the idea of a funeral, originally?\" I asked at length. Alice looked up as if unsure that I was speaking to her. Her sleeping husband was the only other person in the carriage with us—the few servants who had come with had a carriage of their own. \"I wasn't asking the horses,\" I prompted. \"Oh heavens, Jennet, I don't know,\" she said wearily, leaning back against the wall behind her. \"Were there funerals before the Bible?\" \"We'll see if we have any books that address the subject when we get home.\" \"And must they be so insufferably long?\" She sighed. \"Jennet. Is it essential that we discuss this now? \" I slumped against the warped wooden wall of the carriage and turned my attention to the window. I hated it when people asked questions they already knew the answers to. There was a threadbare patch on my mourning dress, the dusty old ill-fitting thing that Alice had found for me at the back of a closet. It was webbed with seemingly permanent wrinkles surrounded by patches of material that were discolored from neglect and disuse. And no amount of washing it had gotten it to smell like anything but rotting wood. I had hated it instantly, but it was the only one with a removable corset and there hadn't been time to have me fitted for a new one. I scratched at the loose threads. Maybe if there was a hole in it, I could hope for a new one the next time somebody died. \"Jennet, stop that,\" said Alice. \"Why?\" She didn't respond. After a few moments, I repeated, \" Why?\" Still no response. I hated funerals, I hated stupid questions, I hated my mourning dress. But there was nothing I hated so much as being ignored. I scratched harder. She reached over her husband to grab my wrist and pull my hand away from the dress. \"Why do you insist on being such a child?\" she demanded. \"I'm not a child. And you're not my mother.\" \"If you weren't such a stubborn thing you would realize that I'm only trying to protect you from catching a chill. We'll be home in an hour or two and I don't want you stepping outside in a dress with a hole in it.\" \"You didn't say so before, even when I asked you twice. You just like telling me what to do. You hate it when I do something you didn't have a hand in deciding, even when it's just picking at threads.\" She let out an exasperated breath, which puffed out in front of her in the chilly interior of the carriage. \"Yes, Jennet, when I keep you from harming yourself it's because I'm a horrible tyrant, not because I care about my family.\" I didn't know what to say, so I glared at her for a moment and then fixed my eyes, once again, on the countryside racing past outside my window. She might care about the rest of her family, but she certainly didn't care about me. She hated me. She never let me do what I wanted to and she had hardly paid me a scrap of attention for over a week. But of course, if she had been less than attentive of late, it was because Mother had died, I thought, as my anger ebbed away. I didn't remember the two of them being particularly close before Mother had fallen ill, but then Alice had always been sad to see anything die. Even mice and spiders. And she really wouldn't have had any need to be protective if she truly didn't care about me. She was right. I was being childish. \"I'm sorry,\" I murmured after a while, still looking out the window. \"I know you're only trying to help. It is very cold and the last thing I need is to catch a chill. Especially now. It's just that I'm about to be a mother myself and I can't afford to be a child. So it made me angry when you called me one.\" I listened for a while, eyes still on the landscape, but she didn't say anything. Had I finally upset her so much that she refused to speak to me? \"I don't mean to be so stubborn,\" I added, avoiding eye contact, in case I was about to be scolded. \"I promise I'll try harder not to be.\" I waited another few minutes and still she didn't answer. Finally, I looked over at her, half expecting to be slapped. She was asleep. XXX I hadn't thought I would ever be happy to see Eel Marsh House other than the very first time I had arrived there, penniless and hardly more than a month pregnant. But as the carriage finally rolled over the last few feet of Nine Lives Causeway, I was more than a little bit glad to be back. The actual act of stepping outside of the carriage and walking into the house was less than enjoyable, of course, thanks to the half a day I had spent over the ride home and the full ton I seemed to weigh these days. Still, even I had to admit it was good to be back. Mr. Kipps was waiting for us just inside the door when we got there. It was Sunday, his day off, and I had the sudden feeling that he had been at his window, watching for us all day. The staff had a letter for Alice and Morgan, which had arrived for them while we had been gone. Mr. Kipps offered to carry my suitcase upstairs for me while they read it. \"You were gone an entire week. Mr. Drablow said it would only be a few days,\" he noted as I followed him up the stairs. \"Well, if you were lonely, then you certainly needn't blame me,\" I replied, clutching the railing. \"Goodness knows I wasn't in favor of being there more than five minutes.\" \"Oh, of course. Burial services can be quite trying, and especially when you've had such a long journey there and back. You must be tired.\" \"Yes, well, at least it's all over now. Father is already dead so as long as none of us drowns on the causeway, no one else important should die for a good long time.\" He paused, looking back at me. \"You really ought not to say things like that.\" \"I know.\" He turned back around and continued up the stairs. \"Well, in any case, I'm sure you'll be happy to hear some good news, for a change.\" \"Why? What's happened?\" We had reached the door to my room and he set my suitcase down in front of it. \"Are you still hoping to find employment for after your child is born?\" he asked. \"Yes, I am,\" I replied, hardly daring to speculate what he was going to say next. \"Well, I believe I've found it for you.\" He looked so pleased with himself. \"A colleague of mine in another village is looking for a new secretary. I explained your situation to him and he said he would be happy to speak to you when he returns to Crythin Gifford—he lives in a town about fifteen miles from here. You would have to go and live there, but the wages would be more than reasonable and he assured me you would have no trouble finding a place to stay.\" I suddenly felt as though I might float away like a balloon. \"And—and you think he might hire me? Despite -\" I looked down at myself, \"-this?\" \"He said it was certainly possible. I made vague arrangements for you to speak with him in a week, when he comes back to settle some paperwork.\" I must have looked as shocked as I felt because he quickly added, \"That is, if you don't object.\" \"Of course I don't!\" I replied hastily. \"I'm just—well, I'm surprised. You did tell him my child is illegitimate, didn't you?\" Mr. Kipps said nothing. All I could do was laugh. Just then, Alice came up the stairs, looking rather annoyed. \"Oh, there you are, Jennet,\" She said. She looked at me and Mr. Kipps, standing at the door to my room and her eyebrows furrowed. \"What are you two doing up here by yourselves?\" \"Mr. Kipps was carrying my suitcase for me,\" I explained. \"And he has good news.\" I waited for her to ask what it was, but she only said, \"That's wonderful. We're having company in an hour. Please get ready.\" \"In an hour?\" I repeated. \"But we just got here.\" \"I know,\" she sighed, \"but they're coming nonetheless and they'll be dining with us. \"Mr. Kipps, I know you're very busy these days, but we would be pleased if you would join us as well.\" \"Of course. I'll leave the two of you to your conversation,\" he replied, and disappeared down the hall. \"Who is coming?\" I asked, feeling much less cheerful than I had a moment ago. Alice didn't look any happier. \"Do you remember Mother's old friends, the Lakewoods?\" I did, unfortunately. Ghastly old couple. \"They heard the news of her death, but weren't able to attend the burial because they were visiting their niece in France,\" Alice continued. \"But apparently they wrote to us to say that they would be in to visit and offer us their consolations this evening. And we didn't receive the letter until today, of course, because it's been sitting here the whole time.\" I groaned. \"I would feel much more consoled if they weren't coming.\" Alice frowned at me. \"Frankly, Jennet, I'm not fond of them either, but I'm going to be a proper hostess and show them the respect our parents would have shown. And so are you.\" She turned rather huffily and stalked down the hall to her own room. She was still angry at me from earlier, I presumed. But I hadn't really been all that bad, had I? I sighed and lugged my suitcase the rest of the way into my room, leaving it in the middle of the floor to be unpacked later and wishing now more than ever that I could have changed into a different dress. I turned to face the mirror and saw my reflection recoil—I looked awful. My dress was wrinkled and somehow looked dustier than it had when Alice had found it at the back of her closet, my cheeks and nose were red from the chill outside and my hair was a tangled mess. There was nothing to be done about my dress or my face, but I could at least improve the state of my hair. Alice had a pretty way of pinning her hair back. My features were more angular that hers were, so it wouldn't frame my face as nicely, but I decided to try it anyway. As I struggled with my hair I began to feel anxious. The Lakewoods probably didn't know I was with child. Our family had done our best to cover it up. As I thought about it, I realized it was more than likely that they didn't even know where I was, only that I had left my parents' home without having managed to find a husband. They had never liked me. What a nasty shock they would have to arrive and find me here, with the disposition of a hornet and the size of a barge. After a frustrating number of failures to make my hair look acceptable, I found myself wandering into my sister's room. She was at her own mirror, smoothing her dress and making the final touches on her hair, which she had pulled back tightly into a bun at the nape of her neck. \"Would you mind terribly if I asked you to help me with my hair?\" I murmured, doing my best to seem sweet and innocent. She looked at me for a moment and then, to my surprise, smiled and stood up, motioning for me to sit down where she had been. \"You haven't asked me to help me with your hair since you were twelve,\" she chuckled as I sat down in front of her mirror. \"What's the matter?\" \"I was trying to pin it back the way you do sometimes, with the little swirl by your ear, but I couldn't.\" \"I'm not surprised. Did you brush your hair first? It's so tangled.\" She picked up a brush and began running it through my hair. \"Mr. Kipps seems to have missed us,\" I observed, hoping to steer away from another argument. \"Yes,\" Alice agreed, \"it seems he was quite anxious for us to come home. He is rather strange, isn't he?\" \"Yes, he is. He's nice though. Ouch! Don't pull so hard.\" \"Sorry.\" \"Did you know he's a widower? And he had a son too, but he died just before he came here.\" \"Who? Mr. Kipps? He never told that to me or Morgan. The two of you are rather close, aren't you?\" I shrugged. \"Oh, and I nearly forgot to tell you! He might have found me work with a man in another town. I would have to go and live there, but I could pay rent and buy food and everything all on my own. It's perfect. It's exactly what I needed.\" She swept my hair back, tying it into a bun like hers, and waited a few moments before responding. When she finally spoke, she didn't sound nearly as excited as I had anticipated. \"That's wonderful, dear,\" she said calmly, \"but wouldn't you like to raise the child here?\" I turned to face her and replied, \"Oh, Alice, I know how excited you are about this child and how much you'll want to fuss over everything, but you could come and visit whenever you wanted to. I don't know that I would have room for you, but—well, I could sleep on the floor. This really is a good thing. I hate being such a burden to you and . . . I would finally be doing something right.\" \"Jennet, you are not a burden,\" she said firmly. \"Morgan and I are both more than pleased to have you staying with us. And, to be honest, I would feel much better if you and the child staid here.\" \"But why?\" \"It's safe here.\" \"No it's not,\" I argued. \"We all run the risk of drowning just by stepping outside.\" It wasn't her real reason. Why was she lying? \"That's not true—you know we take every precaution against accidents and besides, the entire family and staff would be here to make sure the child didn't wander too close to the causeway.\" \"If we went away there wouldn't be a causeway.\" \"Yes, but there would be crowded streets and dangerous people, and have you thought of who is going to care for your child while you're working every day?\" I hadn't. But that didn't mean I wouldn't think of something in time! \"What's the real reason you want me to stay?\" I demanded, hoping to draw attention to the flaws in her argument, and away from the flaws in mine. She turned and began unpacking the things in her trunk (something anyone except Alice would have had a servant do for them), her irritation clear in the frown that now seemed fixed to her face. It was the second time I had angered her today, and probably the thousandth since I had come to stay with her. Only this time it was she, not I, that was being unreasonable and I felt my indignation rising at this uncharacteristic turn from her. What reason could she possibly have that she couldn't tell me about? This was my baby we were arguing over; there was nothing that I didn't have a right to know about. Perhaps it was because she was upset with me and she didn't want to talk with me about serious matters. That at least made some sense. Perhaps she thought I would react irrationally to whatever it was she had to say. \"I did apologize, you know,\" I said after a few moments. \"This morning, during the carriage ride. You didn't hear because you were asleep. I suppose it's my own fault everyone is always angry with me.\" Alice sighed and her frown lifted slightly. \"Not entirely. I haven't been in very high spirits since Mother's death, as you know, and I'm rather anxious about the Lakewoods' visit. Perhaps we could discuss this sometime when we're both feeling a bit less strained.\" I nodded, tired of arguing with her. \"Of course, we don't even know if I'll be hired.\" She nodded. Just then, there was a knock at the door and after a moment, Grace stuck her head in and said, \"Mrs. Drablow, Miss Humfrye, the Lakewoods are here. They're a mite early, but Mr. Drablow is with them. Shall we tell them you're busy?\" \"Why don't you serve them drinks and have them seated – we'll be down in just a minute,\" said Alice. Grace nodded and flitted away. Alice sighed. \"Nearly an hour early.\" She tucked a stray wisp of hair behind my ear. \"Well, we only need deal with them for one night and just a bit of tomorrow morning.\" \"Oh, they're staying the night?\" \"Yes, they still have quite a bit of travelling to do and they need to recover their energy.\" She moved to the door. \"Are you coming?\" \"If I must,\" I replied and allowed her to help me out of her chair. \"Alice?\" I asked, trailing her down the hall to the stairs. \"Yes?\" \"I suppose they will be rather . . . unimpressed to see me like this.\" Alice turned and looked at me steadily. \"Jennet, if Mr. and Mrs. Lakewood find your condition objectionable, they are free to leave whenever they like.\" She continued back down the stairs. A swell of gratitude was warm in my chest, temporarily blocking out the twist of nerves that had materialized there. As thick-skinned as I tried to seem, I hated the feeling that I was an embarrassment to my sister, and it was good to hear her wave off the inevitably negative opinions of Mother's friends so easily. Nevertheless, I found myself biting my lip as the nerves returned. As a little girl, I had always been terrified of the old couple's visits. Evidently, that was still the case. I told myself to stop being foolish, but as we reached the bottom of the stairs and neared the dining room, where the Lakewoods and the rest of the household waited for us, I muttered, \"Alice, do you suppose I could just stay in my room tonight?\" \"Why?\" \"I feel ill.\" \"No you don't. You always turn pale when you're ill and you look just fine right now. I don't think you've ever lied to me in your life, Jennet, what's the matter?\" I sighed and twisted my fingers together. I wasn't a child. And I didn't want her to think that I was, but all the same, I replied, \"It's just that they were always so horrid, even when we were little and I… well… do you remember when I first came here to stay with you I stayed in my room for a week and then you made me go for a ride in the village with you because you said I needed fresh air and you wanted to buy some strawberries from that woman at the market but she just glared and refused to give you any and said that the men here were unscrupulous enough without you bringing in sluts from other villages and—\" I realized that I was babbling. My throat began to close. I looked down, determined not to cry and unsure why I was so emotional suddenly. Alice looked alarmed. \"You laughed about that at the time,\" she said tentatively. I sniffed and nodded. \"I don't know why I'm being like this.\" \"The pregnancy, no doubt,\" she said smoothly, probably only half believing it. Before I could reply, a voice from the next room called, \"Is that my little Alice Humfrye? I see you there in the doorway. Oh, I don't think you've grown much since last time we met, but no matter. Come and sit.\" Alice said, \"Yes, of course, Mrs. Lakewood,\" and went into the next room muttering under her breath that she had been thirty-two last time they had met and how much could she possibly have grown since then? I followed her reluctantly, unsure what I should do. Mr. Kipps ducked in a moment later, I noticed, and politely waited to be introduced. Alice had asked the Lakewoods about their journey thus far and Mrs. Lakewood was relating their misfortunes, which apparently were vast and detailed. \"We roomed at an inn near the border two days ago,\" she was saying. \"Simply appalling. Everything was filthy.\" \"It was three days ago,\" her husband corrected her. \"Two days ago,\" Mrs. Lakewood said firmly, \"and the food was worse than you can imagine. Alice, who is that young woman standing behind you? She looks as though she's not sure quite where she is.\" \"Mr. and Mrs. Lakewood,\" Alice sighed, \"you remember my sister Jennet, I'm sure.\" The woman squinted at me, unsmiling. It had been nine years since we had last seen each other and I could almost hear her asking herself where I had been this entire time and why I had suddenly reappeared. \"Oh, yes, of course. So sorry, my dear,\" she said, \"I didn't recognize you. You were so much smaller last time I saw you.\" I shifted my hands where I had rested them on my belly, and wondered how I should respond. I didn't believe for a moment that the woman was referring to the height I had gained, but I was still hoping we could pass the night with no outward mention of the pregnancy. Mrs. Lakewood poked at her husband's arm. \"Hiram, look how much young Jennet has grown.\" Fortunately, dinner had just been served and Mr. Lakewood was paying no more attention to me than he was to his wife. And that's where it cuts off. I had planned on some comic relief with this curmudgeonly old couple, but evidently I'm not capable of that right now. I don't really think I deserve reviews this time. ","Summary":" Hello and welcome! I've had this story in my head for quite a while, and now I'm finally writing it"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"The Long Road","Author":"TheLoneTraveler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11188675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She was numb. Laying in the cold on the wet ground for hours did that to a person. The only relief was coming from the tanks and trucks burning by the GIs. Jo was with what was left of her platoon, laying in front of the burned out vehicles, and trying to avoid getting shot at by the Nazis. There was a ceasefire that had been holding since about ten minutes after the American troops stormed the beet field. Their intel had been bad. MGs were expected, hence the tank protection, but the anti-tank was never reported before their eyes got taken out. Now they had to wait for one of two things to happen. The Nazis would come out of their hidey holes and shoot them all to death, or backup would come and save all their asses, blowing Jerry to high hell. It was hard to tell over the crackling of the fire behind her, but Jo could swear that she heard the hum of engines. They were still far off but with any luck it would be their boys coming to rescue them, if not, lunch was going to be short. She could see the road from where she lay and soon a procession of four Shermans came rolling up. Jo smiled to herself and started wiggling her toes to regain feeling before she had to get up. The tanks rolled over the first hedgerow and came speeding up towards the survivors and the gaps in their flaming convoy. They cleared the second hedgerow and the soldiers behind the wreckage fell in behind the tanks. Once the tanks cleared the convoy and were close she sprung up with her Thompson and fell in line behind the rest of the ground troops. She was behind Fury , she could hear Don yelling into his comms to someone. That person must have fucked up somewhere. She nearly had to laugh at the man telling them to keep low and in line behind the tank. Like that wasn't obvious already. She was moving at a slight jog to keep up with Fury . They had gone maybe a hundred yards before all hell broke loose. Tracers were bouncing everywhere and it made it easy to stay out of the spray of bullets coming from the Germans. A few troops were unfortunate enough to catch a ricochet off the tanks and bite it. Jo kept true behind Fury , staying low as the tanks did their job to destroy the heavy guns and any Nazis in their line of fire. The machine guns were dispatched fairly quickly and Jo instinctively ducked even lower when she heard the .75 go whistling past the tanks. It took the tanks a few tries, but the ATs were destroyed soon enough. By this time, the entire convoy was at the tree line and foxholes that the Germans had been using as cover. It was time for her to do her job. Jo took a deep breath and focused. She checked the magazine of her tommy gun and stepped out of the cover provided by Fury . Jo advanced quickly and shot at the Germans in the trenches. Any that she didn't kill instantly were taken care of by the other soldiers behind her. She ran into the tree line the Nazis had been hiding in making sure that all the dead ones were dead and any live ones shared the same fate. She headed left while most everybody else headed right. She was glad she did, she came across a pile of three bodies. They were all men in their mid-twenties. Jo got close to the pile to inspect it, gun trained on the pile. Not seeing any movement, she proceeded with caution. She headed around one side to reach the head of one of the men when suddenly the man on top grabbed her ankle and yanked. Jo fell to the ground hard, knocking her helmet off. The Nazi had gotten up, Jo trained her gun on him and pulled the trigger, but it jammed. She was surprised, her gun never jammed. The kraut took advantage of the situation and leapt upon Jo. Instantly she was pinned down and there were hands on her throat. She couldn't breathe, but she tried not to panic. Panicking just led to dying quicker. She tried prying off the German with one hand on his and the other pushing on his face. He just leaned back slightly, getting his face out of her reach. This wasn't working and she could feel her life ebbing away. She tried clawing at the hands clutching her throat, but to no avail. With one hand she kept prying at his fingers trying to break them while the other fumbled for her bayonet sheathed underneath her. She couldn't reach it. She was pinned and being choked, different tactics were needed. She put both hands on his collar and pulled him down. She headbutt him. Instantly he released her and grabbed his face, his nose bleeding. Jo gasped for air, panting. She rolled him off her and tackled him back to the ground. She reached for her bayonet when a rock connected with her skull. She fell back, seeing stars, with a hand still on the bayonet underneath her. The German pinned her back down before she could recover and started to pummel her head with the rock. It hurt like a motherfucker but she had to keep fighting if she wanted to live. She couldn't get her hand and the bayonet out from under her. She pushed her pelvis up with all she could muster and shifted his balance. The small movement was enough for Jo to get the bayonet out. The Nazi brought down the rock again, but Jo held up the bayonet and he impaled his wrist on it. He yelled and recoiled in pain and Jo took the opportunity to sit up now he wasn't over her. She punched him across the face, disrupting his balance, and tackled him, sliding her bayonet smoothly into his throat. She felt like a cat playing with a mouse pinning him down as she waited for him to suffocate and bleed out. It didn't take long. Once he was dead she rolled off him and onto her back. She lay there staring up at the tree canopy while she took time to breathe and get her adrenaline in check. Her head and throat throbbed with every heartbeat, but the pain would go away soon, it always did. Having spent enough time recovering, she got up and wiped her bayonet off on his uniform. She placed it back into her belt and retrieved her gun and helmet. The other two bodies were dead. She was positive, otherwise she would be dead instead. \"Sorry Fritz,\" she said to his body as she passed by and walked back to her unit. When she made it back out of the woods, most of the other soldiers were standing around in a half circle watching something. She walked past the commotion and straight to Fury and its crew before she turned around. She saw Don roughing up some kid and a German in an American uniform coat kneeling nearby. \"So who's the baby shit greenie over there?\" Jo asked. \"That's Norman. Our new bow gunner,\" replied Gordo. \"New bow gunner?\" She grabbed a cup of coffee and returned to her spot. \"What happened to Red?\" \"Got his fucking head blown off he did,\" stated Grady. He was wearing a German helmet and coat. Jo looked him up and down in the garb. She made an amused face. \"Coon-Ass, you wear that Nazi shit around me and I might accidentally shoot you. Force of habit you know.\" \"Ha ha, force of habit,\" he made a face at her, \"you'd just fucking shoot me for the hell of it, Travers.\" Jo shrugged. \"Maybe.\" She leaned against Fury , watching the commotion. \"But you've been staying on my good side lately. Keep that up and I might even check your wounds sometime instead of having Boyd poke around in them. How's that sound?\" \"Don't really give a shit either way.\" Just then, Jo's attention was draw by a gunshot and some laughter. The German was dead, the kid named Norman was on the ground upset, and Don was in a huff walking towards the back of the tanks. She went towards the back past the little fire the boys had set up, and followed Don. She watched him kneel in the field, hands on his knee. She shuffled up behind him to make sure he heard her. She didn't need to see his face to know what it looked like. \"Three years and you still get that look in your eyes.\" \"Which look is that?\" He didn't look at her. \"The haunted one from killing somebody.\" He just turned and stared at her, cigarette hanging out of his mouth. \"I don't understand how you do it. How you still have some sort of humanity left after all this shit to feel guilt about killing somebody.\" He stood up and faced her, hands on his hips. \"Well don't you?\" \"Not really. Not after all the shit that's happened to me in my life and this war. I have a harder time killing fluffy little bunny rabbits than I do some Nazi fuck that is going to kill me if I don't kill him first.\" Don nodded at her. \"There were some Hitler youths earlier, on the way to Baker Company. They blew the lead tank. The kid, Norman, saw them and didn't do shit about it. I guess he didn't realize, the Germans will do anything to win this war. There were three kids, not even old enough to start shaving, and they took out a fucking tank.\" Don laughed to himself and ran a hand over his face. \"I'm sorry.\" She moved to hug Don, but he stopped her. \"No, not here, later.\" He lit his cigarette. \"Alright,\" she nodded. \"Coffee?\" She offered the enamel cup to Don. He gladly took it with a nod. \"What happened to your head and neck, by the way?\" It throbbed again at its mention. She had completely forgotten about it. \"A Nazi with a rock in the woods. He tried choking me out, I headbutted him, he hit me with a rock, I slit his throat. Needless to say, rock doesn't beat scissors when scissors is a bayonet.\" He gave a short laugh. \"Come on,\" he clapped her on the shoulder and they headed back towards Fury . \"Have Bible check you over, then we are heading out to take the next town.\" \"Roger.\" When they approached the tank, Wardaddy started giving orders. \"We move out in 15. Boyd, take a look at Wonder Woman here. Make sure she ain't too banged up. Norman. I haven't seen you eat anything all day. Make sure you get something to eat.\" \"Alright, give me a sec.\" Boyd climbed into the tank. At the same time Jo overheard Grady talking to Norman. \"You best go eat something. Make sure he sees it too.\" Then Grady started picking up their little camp they made. \"By the way, Grady.\" He stood up and looked at Jo. \"Yeah?\" \"You make one hell of an ugly ass Nazi.\" She cracked a smile and they both started laughing. Jo noticed that Norman hadn't moved at all. She walked over to him and clapped him on the shoulder. \"Hup two, Norman.\" \"Huh?\" He looked at her, finally snapped out of his daze. \"Go get something to eat. If I remember correctly your rations are stored on the back of the tank.\" He started nodding at her and she nodded back with a small smile, gently pushing him towards the back of the tank. It started to drizzle. He eventually found his legs again and continued on his own. \"I'm surprised that you are being that nice to him.\" Boyd said from the top of the turret. \"Yeah, me too.\" He handed her the bag and jumped down off the tank. \"There must be something that makes me human left in here somewhere.\" She handed the bag back to him. \"That or maybe it's the bump on your head talking and you've got a concussion.\" He guided her over to an ammo box. \"Sit.\" Jo sat on the box and took off her helmet. Bible started poking at the wound. \"So tell me doctor, how bad is it?\" Boyd laughed. \"It ain't too bad. Bit scraped up and swollen, don't really need a bandage. I'll put one on ya anyway. You play in the dirt too much, it'll keep it clean.\" He fished out a gauze pad and some medical tape and taped it on. He pulled at the collar of her coat and looked at her neck. \"Can't do much about the neck. You're good to go for now. Just have Nancy take a look at you when you can to make sure nothing's wrong with you.\" She stood up. \"Yes, sir,\" she said while giving him a sarcastic salute. Boyd smiled at that and reached around Jo to get the box she was sitting on. By then the fire was put out, everything was packed back on the tank, and Don was back. He climbed onto the tank. \"Travers.\" \"Yeah, Sarge?\" \"You need a ride?\" \"Just as long as I'm on the .50.\" \"Of course.\" He gave her a small smile. She smiled back at him and he helped her up the side of the tank. Sgt. Miles came up to Fury . \"Sgt. Collier, time to head out.\" \"Yeah, I got it.\" Miles spotted Jo and gave her a smug smile. Then he got on the tank. Jo's blood ran cold and anger boiled into her veins. If looks could kill Sgt. Miles would be cold and in the ground already. She just stared at him, hands balled into fists, and slowly rubbed her knuckles with her thumbs until Grady softly hitting her shoulder finally got her attention. She snapped her head towards him. \"What?\" she growled softly. \"Just keep it cool, alright?\" He had a cigarette hanging out of his mouth. \"Of course.\" She gave him an angry smile. \"All tanks, this is Wardaddy. Time to head out. I'll be in lead. Same order as before. Pull out.\" Don put the radio back down and the tanks pulled out, carrying what foot soldiers they could. Jo turned back to face Miles and unjammed her tommy gun. She smacked Grady on the shoulder. \"Here take this. I'm on the .50 and don't need this in my way.\" Grady nodded and took the gun, putting it in the tank. \"Got anything to drink down there to take the edge off?\" \"'Course.\" Grady grinned and passed up a bottle. Jo took a big swig and handed it back to Grady. \"Thanks.\" \"Anytime.\" He took a swig himself. Jo faced front, watching for any enemies, while keeping tabs on Sgt. Miles. She kept eyeing him out of the corner of her eye until after ten minutes she couldn't take it anymore. \"Why are you on this tank?\" She growled at Miles. \"Same as you. Hitching a ride.\" He had that same smug smile on his face. \"Yeah, but why this tank?\" Her anger and hatred were starting to fill her up. \"Sgt. Collier is in charge of the tanks and I'm in charge of First Platoon. I need to be here for him to give orders to the others.\" \"Bullshit. There are radios on the other tanks too. Besides, it's unwise to be here. In the case of an ambush it's usually the first tank that eats it. Losing both leaders in one hit would be such a shame.\" \"Don't jinx us, Travers.\" Don interjected. \"Don't worry, Wardaddy, you guys are safe in my hands.\" She didn't take her eyes off Miles. \"If only that were a certainty.\" Don continued to watch the horizon for any signs of ambush. \"Get off this tank.\" Jo said to Miles. \"I'm sorry?\" He had an amused expression. \"You heard me get off this tank,\" she said coldly. The sergeant laughed. \"I don't take orders from nurses and I sure as hell don't take orders from women.\" \"You are lucky I haven't fucking killed you in your sleep.\" \"Killed me in my sleep?\" He laughed again. \"You couldn't hurt me if you tried.\" \"Oh really? Do you want to test that theory?\" She crossed her arms. \"All I'd have to do is hit your head into a wall again and you'd be a useless mess that needed rescuing again.\" He smiled and crossed his arms at her. \"Oh shit.\" Jo heard Grady mutter over her left shoulder. Jo felt her anger mix with adrenaline and curl around her heart. She saw red. Her eye gave a twitch and with a yell she tackled sergeant Miles off the side of the tank. The look of surprise and fear on his face as they were falling made Jo's heart soar with joy. They landed in the mud with a thud, Jo on top of him. She just started punching him in the face as hard and fast as she could. There was blood and mud all over his face and Jo's hand hurt like hell, but she kept wailing on him. With every hit she got a sick sense of satisfaction. Next thing she knew there were arms around her waist and shoulders pulling her off the sergeant. \"Put me down!\" She yelled. \"Put me the fuck down!\" Her feet touched the ground again, but she was still restrained. She struggled against the hands holding her. The other soldiers were pulling the injured man out of the mud and Don was standing between the two. Miles wiped the blood off his face and mouth. \"Bitch!\" He spat at her, his face already starting to swell. \"Fucking asshole!\" She screamed at him. She spit at him and it hit him in the eye. She smiled and laughed to herself. Don stood in front of her, hand up to push her back if needed. \"Calm the fuck down!\" He yelled over all the commotion. \"You calm the fuck down,\" he said wagging his finger at Jo. He turned to face Miles. \"You get on the second fucking tank and don't say another word.\" \"Let me go,\" Jo growled to Grady and Bible. \"Not till Top give the say-so.\" She heard Grady mutter in her left ear. Miles glared at her and nursed his face as he walked towards the second tank. She glared right back until Don blocked her line of vision. He stood over her until he had her undivided attention. \"I don't know what the fuck that was about but we are having words later. Got it?\" \"Got it.\" She stopped struggling. \"Boys, let her go.\" They released her and she readjusted her clothes to hang right. \"Now get your ass on that tank and man the fucking .50. We get ambushed and make it out alive, I will hold you personally responsible and deal with you myself. Understand?\" \"Yes.\" She glared at Don. \"Okay then.\" He shifted his attention to the convoy. \"Mount up, boys. Let's get this show on the road.\" \"You shouldn't have done that.\" Grady muttered to her as they climbed up Fury . \"Why the fuck do you think I gave you my Thompson? I would have shot him otherwise.\" She took her position behind the turret. \"What about your pistol?\" Grady and Bible climbed into the turret. \"Out of ammo.\" There was a pause and they both started laughing uncontrollably. Once she finally stopped laughing, Jo smiled. \"Well, that was exhilarating.\" \"You good now?\" asked Bible. \"Perfectly fine.\" She smiled again, content with herself. Don glanced sideways at her. \"Just keep an eye out for Nazis.\" Don stated and they rolled out and down the road to the next town.[Chapter 2] The rain had stopped. Jo kept flexing her hand to relieve the pain from punching Sgt. Miles. Her knuckles swelled slightly and were scrapped up a bit, but other than that they were fine. She didn't break anything in her hand, she checked, but knuckles against skull hurt. Bible stuck his head out of his hatch. \"Wonder Woman, Gordo here's got a question for you.\" He handed her his intercom and helmet. She put them on. \"Yeah, Gordo?\" \"Earlier Norman here said it wasn't true that you can fuck a German girl for a chocolate bar. You're a girl, is it true?\" Jo smiled to herself. \"I'm telling you, it's not true.\" Norman chimed in. \"Depends on the girl whether it's true or not.\" Jo responded. \"If the girl wants the chocolate bar and she is willing to fuck you for it, then she really wants the chocolate bar. I don't understand it. But I suppose that if you have nothing left, a chocolate bar could be worth fucking somebody for. It's a little bit of luxury in this hell of a war.\" There was silence as the crew pondered this. \"Now the real question is,\" chimed in Don, \"would Hitler fuck you for a chocolate bar? It's a hotly debated topic.\" All the tank burst out laughing except Bible, not being able to hear the conversation. \"Would Hitler fuck me for a chocolate bar? He wouldn't need a chocolate bar to want to fuck me, I'm already his fucking wet dream. A blonde haired blue-eyed woman who acts and dresses like a man and is half super soldier after what his fucking SS bastards did to me.\" \"What'd they do to you?\" asked Norman. \"I'll tell you later, greenie. You need to see it to get the whole effect.\" That shut up Norman. \"Anyway, I don't care if he wanted to fuck me for a chocolate bar, I wouldn't. I would just fucking shoot him. For free.\" The tank went silent. \"Fucking asshole is the whole reason we are in this shit to begin with.\" \"I thought it was because the Japs attacked Pearl Harbor.\" \"Shit, Gordo, do you live under a rock? Why the fuck do you think we are in Germany? Pearl Harbor is the reason we joined the war, but Hitler has been stirring shit up for years now. Even before he invaded Poland. I swear if I ever lay my fucking eyes on him I'll shoot him between the eyes and rip off his fucking mustache.\" The boys started to giggle. \"Wouldn't it be better to rip off his mustache when he's alive so it would hurt?\" asked Don. \"Yeah, but the asshole pisses me off so much that I would end up ripping his throat out before I even got to the mustache. Plus, shooting him gets less blood on my uniform than ripping out his fucking throat.\" They hummed in agreement. The convoy was nearing the outskirts of the town they were to take and everybody sobered up instantly, the semi-joyful mood dying. Jo immediately took off Boyd's intercom and helmet and handed them back. She replaced hers just as they passed the body of a hanged woman wearing a sign around her neck. Boyd noticed. \"They got signs around their necks. What do them signs say?\" \"I'm a coward and refused to fight for the German people.\" Don replied, being the resident translator and only one who could read German in the tank. Jo knew with what little German she knew that that wasn't what the sign around the woman's neck said. ' meine Kinder' she knew those words. Kinder was an easy word, it meant children. Her children. Her children were the reason she was hanged. \"Jesus Christ.\" She mumbled under her breath. She put her hand on Don's shoulder and put her mouth near his ear. \"Do you feel bad about killing them now?\" He turned his head and just looked at her. She could see him struggling not to care about what happened to those people. \"The SS does that. Let them rip themselves to pieces, huh? Fuck them.\" Gordo added. In less than a minute they were just outside the town walls. Jo jumped off Fury with the rest of the infantry and took cover of Fury 's right flank. She didn't see many people out, those who were had their hands up and looked frightened beyond all belief. Sergeant Miles was giving orders again, but thankfully he wasn't her CO. She followed Don's lead. His tank was the priority. \"Clear the alley!\" She rushed forward to make sure there were no Panzerfäuste waiting in the alley. It was deserted. There was a wall of smoke up ahead and who knows what beyond that. Fury turned left and Jo stayed on the right flank. The street was deserted except for an old man. The hairs on the back of Jo's neck stood up and the bottom of her stomach dropped out. There was something wrong and she could feel it. She scanned her eyes over the old man looking for weapons when she heard Don ask him where the German soldiers were. She was a few feet away when he pointed down the road with his cane. Jo started forward to clear him out of the street when suddenly there was a bullet through his head. She felt it and saw it before she heard it, his blood and some tissue spraying onto her face. Instantly her adrenaline and instincts took over. \"Shit! Shit!\" She yelled to herself as she ran for cover behind an archway. There were shouts of \"Sniper!\" all around her as if that wasn't fucking obvious. She held her gun to her chest, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. When she opened them again she was completely calm. She ducked out of the archway and into the street next to Fury and followed Don's bursts. Boyd punched one out into the building and Jo couldn't hear anything anymore. Her ears rung from all the gunfire, but she kept shooting. Within seconds the threat was eliminated. The tanks and infantry moved forward. It was clear for about ten yards when suddenly there were bullets and tracers flying out of a basement window on the opposite side of the street. Jo took cover again, though she was relatively safe being on the other side of Fury . Tracers were both a blessing and a curse. You could tell where you were shooting with them, but the enemy could see where you were hiding bright as day. They were great for tanks and high velocity machine guns, not so much if you were a foot soldier. As a rule, Jo never used them, pointing and shooting wasn't terribly hard. The tanks stopped and so did the bullets. When Jo saw Fury button up she moved further under the protection of the archway and plugged her ears. She had some semblance of hearing again, she didn't need to lose what she gained back so soon. She felt the quake and shockwave from Murder Inc. 's gun and pulled her fingers out of her ears. As soon as she saw the rubble start falling Jo was on the move again. She saw Binkowski shrug at Wardaddy and smiled to herself. He always over did it. She went to the corner of the building and peaked around it. The town square seemed empty except for the bodies of hanged children with signs around their necks. \"Fuck.\" She whispered under her breath. The SS really knew how to make themselves hated even more. She waited at the corner of the building for Fury to clear the square. There was nothing worse than walking into an ambush. Fury rolled into the square and was suddenly hit by an anti-tank shell from a clothing store. Thankfully it ricocheted off the top of the turret. Fury dealt with the situation, hitting the building with a white phosphorus laden shell. There were Nazis stumbling out of there like rats abandoning a sinking ship. They were all burning from the phosphorus, not a threat at all, but Fury 's new bow gunner decided to end their misery instead of letting the assholes burn. Both tanks continued into the square without incident and Jo and the infantry got to work checking doorways for enemies. Suddenly a door to Jo's left started to open. She trained her gun on it and a white flag started to stick out. A man, clearly an important person, stepped out with his hands above his head asking them to stop shooting. He had a white armband on as well. Jo only half paid attention to what the man was saying to Don. She kept her attention trained on the doorway, ready to strike if necessary. The soldiers were ready to surrender and that was fine by her. The mayor instructed them to come out with their hands up. When the door opened Jo wasn't prepared. A bunch of fucking kids came out. They looked terrified, which was understandable. There were a few adults among the group which they separated from the kids. Then an SS officer came casually strolling out with his hands up, as if they wouldn't notice him among a bunch of kids. Don asked the mayor a question. \"Hey! Shoot that guy,\" Don ordered. \"This guy?\" Jo's bayou piece of shit leader, Sgt. Dillard, asked. \"Yeah, him. The SS cocksucker with the busted wing.\" Dillard laughed and pulled him out of line. \"Hey, Angel. This one's yours.\" The man they called Angel, short for Angel of Death, came over. He was the resident sniper and as far as any of them knew, he never missed a shot. \"Auf wiedersehen, asshole.\" Dillard said, patting the SS on the shoulder. Angel cleared the line of fire and gunned down the SS officer. Sergeant Dillard immediately ran over to the body and stole the dead man's watch. She never understood stealing the personal effects of a dead person. She only ever took ammo, cigarettes, liquor, and the occasional deck of playing cards when a few cards went missing. Everything else was just unnecessary weight to carry with her. She figured they probably traded the baubles for tricks with the local women. It was the explanation that made the most sense. Jo walked over to Fury . \"We need to talk,\" Don said, getting out of the tank. \"Yeah, I know.\" She followed him into a building that had been cleared. They walked into a room full of dead rich Nazi sympathizers. It looked like it had been the local headquarters based on the uniforms. \"Fuck,\" said Don commenting on the bodies. Jo closed the door behind her. The bodies were relatively fresh so they didn't smell too bad yet, not that the smell bothered her that much anymore anyway. Don turned to face her. \"What the hell was with you and Miles earlier? Why did you attack him?\" He put his hands on his hips. \"Remember about a month back when I had the broken nose and the concussion? That was him. I thought it was only appropriate that I return the favor.\" \"And you thought an appropriate time to do that was on the back of my tank?\" \"He was there and being an asshole. I couldn't help myself.\" \"If I recall correctly, it was you who started the conflict.\" \"He started it by getting on that tank and having that goddamn smug look on his face.\" \"Why the fuck did he attack you before?\" \"It doesn't matter anymore. He's dead.\" There was a pause. \"What did that sign around the woman's neck say? Because it sure as fuck didn't say she was a coward and wouldn't fight for the German people. That's what the little boy's sign said.\" Don sighed and leaned against the desk behind him. \"Her sign said 'I wouldn't let my children fight.'\" Jo nodded, looking at the floor. \"That's what I thought.\" She looked at Don. \"Other than the children, I don't get how you can feel bad for killing these fuckers.\" \"I don't feel bad about the SS cocksuckers. But everyone else? The kids, the women, the men even, most of them were forced into this against their will.\" \"What the fuck do you think the draft is?\" \"Yeah, but the punishment for dodging the draft is jail, not death.\" \"But it's still a death sentence when you join.\" \"And if you're lucky you have a chance to come out alive, and if you're especially lucky, with your soul intact.\" Jo was silent. She knew she had been beaten. She stared at Don for a minute before he turned around and pulled the silk pocket square off the dead man behind the desk. He dipped it into the dregs of a nearby glass and walked over to Jo. He removed her helmet. \"Here. Let me help you.\" He took the cloth and started to clean the blood off her face. She had completely forgotten about the blood. The mist had been fine enough that it hadn't started to itch when it dried. \"That's better.\" He threw the bloodied cloth onto the bar behind Jo. She hugged him. \"I'm sorry,\" she said. He hugged her back and kissed the top of her head. \"What for?\" \"For being a complete asshole with no remorse.\" He pulled back and looked at her curiously before hugging her again and resting his chin on her head. \"You aren't a complete asshole with no remorse.\" \"I am though.\" \"I just think you've killed so many people in this war you are desensitized to it. I'm not. I've killed maybe two dozen people in a fashion that is up close and personal. How many have you?\" \"I don't know anymore. I lost count after thirty five and that was sometime last year.\" \"Over thirty five?\" He seemed shocked. \"Yes. Storming foxholes yields a high body count. It's not like I killed them all with my bayonet. My Thompson has served me well in protecting my life and ending others'.\" \"I forgot about foxholes.\" \"I'm still not as bad as Dillard though. He is psychotic. The man enjoys killing Nazis and doesn't care who they are. Men, women, children, he kills them all and enjoys it. I don't enjoy killing but at this point I don't see any reason to cry over it, though I get sad when it's a kid.\" There was a pause as Dom hummed in agreement. \"I also try to make it as quick and painless as possible, but it's not easy when you are being shot at and the only thing protecting you is a fucking helmet. At least my tommy has a faster rate of fire usually. Might be dead otherwise.\" \"I hate being in charge of a tank sometimes because you are the target, but I have to say I can't imagine being unprotected all the time.\" \"It's horrible, but it's not as bad as being a field nurse. No weapon and sometimes no helmet.\" He gave her a squeeze and another kiss on the head. He brushed a gloved hand through her long crew cut and tilted her head back so he could look her in the eyes. \"You've led so many lives in this war. How do you do it?\" He had a concerned look on his face. \"Easy, adapt or be killed.\" \"Simple as that?\" \"Simple as that.\" Jo stated. She put her head back down and put her ear to his chest. She listened to his heartbeat for a moment. It sounded slow and soft muffled through the fabric and it made her feel safe. She closed her eyes, breathing in his scent. Heaving a sigh, she opened them again. \"Though the process getting there can be pretty tough.\" \"Which life do you prefer?\" He asked the air above her head, stroking her hair. She looked up at him and smiled. \"I liked being a tanker the best. It's a small group to get to know, protection from gunfire that isn't anti-tank, the positions are fairly easy to learn, though hard to master, and no walking.\" Don chuckled. \"And the tankers haven't held a pissing match with me at every turn like the infantry. You were all pretty accommodating all things considered.\" He furrowed his brow. \"How do you mean?\" \"All the tankers I served with were skeptical of my abilities at first since I'm a woman, but I only ever had to prove myself to them once and immediately I was a part of the crew. The entire infantry could be taken out and I wouldn't give a damn, except Captain Waggoner, he's got my back. But the tankers, you guys are all my friends. Even Grady and Binkowski.\" \"That is good to hear.\" Smiling, he released Jo from the hug. \"That reminds me I have to check in with the good Captain.\" He kissed Jo and left. Jo stayed behind. She noticed a decanter of whiskey on the desk and poured herself a glass. Carrying her glass, Jo began to inspect the bodies. Suicides, all of them. There was no useable ammo for her revolver. The woman on the floor had a beautiful set of pearls, but they were useless to Jo. She never wore jewelry and her ears weren't even pierced. She finished her whiskey, and sat down on the desk, pouring herself another. She spent her time enjoying her drink. By the time she finished Don had come back, this time followed by Norman. Norman tried to look like he wasn't bothered by the dead bodies while Don walked behind the desk. \"They knew we were coming. So they got drunk as lords and they shot themselves at sunup.\" \"Why are you showing me this?\" \"Ideals are peaceful. History is violent.\" Don went around to the front of the desk. Jo poured him a drink and handed it to him. He took it and downed it. He handed it back to Jo giving her a wink and small smile. Don walked out of the room again and Norman looked pissed at him. \"If I remember correctly, I owe you a story, Greenie.\" Jo grabbed Norman's attention. \"Why do you keep calling me Greenie?\" \"Because you are green as baby shit. Do you want to hear a story or not?\" \"Yes. Fine.\" \"Okay then.\" She smiled and slid off the desk. She pulled a dead politician out of one of the chairs. \"Have a seat.\" She indicated the chair and Norman looked at it warily. She raised an eyebrow at him and he slowly took a seat. \"And I hope you aren't too squeamish.\" \"I signed onto the Army as a nurse. I was stationed with a field hospital. Two weeks after I got here, the aid station I was working in got ambushed. I was shot in the back by a stray bullet. When the Nazis came they saw that I was a nurse and that I was wounded and took me with them.\" She started to take off her gloves and jacket. \"I had passed out from the pain and loss of blood very shortly after. When I came to, they were pulling the bullet out and then, just to be dicks I think, they stuck a hot poker into the wound.\" She turned around and lifted the back of her shirt, revealing the scar near her kidney. \"Holy shit.\" Norman looked slightly disgusted by it. She put her shirt back down and faced Norman again. \"I immediately passed out from the pain of that poker in my back. I'm not sure how much time passed between that surgery and the next, they kept me fairly sedated and in the dark most of the time. But they made sure I was awake for this surgery. They used local anesthesia so I wouldn't feel anything, but I could watch as they cut me open. It was very surreal. To be able to see everything going on, but not feel it. I watched as they pushed my intestines out of the way and cut out my uterus.\" She lifted the front of her shirt and pulled down the waistband of her trousers, revealing the scar. Norman was visibly green. She replaced her clothing. \"I have no idea why they did that, it was intact. There is a plus to having no uterus though. I can't get pregnant and I don't bleed anymore. It's perfect for a war, not so much for family planning. Neither of those things makes me partially a super soldier though. Over the next three weeks that they had me, the SS surgeons started to fuck with my nervous system and somehow, I don't know how, they managed to make the area just above my pelvis and just below my ribs completely numb. I have about a six inch band of numbness that goes around my entire torso. I don't feel a thing when I get shot or stabbed or impaled there at all.\" She lifted her shirt halfway up her ribs and showed off all the scars she had accumulated from the war. \"Oh God,\" she heard Norman whisper. \"The entire time I was there they were teaching me German whenever I was conscious, and I think they were trying to brainwash me between the torturing, the surgeries, and the German. The brainwashing didn't take, but the German stayed. I'm convinced they were trying to turn me into a super soldier for their side since that's the kind of thing the SS does. So when Don tells you to shoot their fucking asses down, you do it. Got it?\" Norman just nodded. Jo grabbed her things and started for the door. \"How did you get out?\" Jo gave a short laugh. \"It was easy. One day I woke up and no one was there. They abandoned the facility for reasons unknown to me and left me behind. I stumbled out of there, half dead, and found my way to a road. I've been told that when I was found that I was delirious and babbling half in German and half in English, but that I managed to give the necessary information. I woke up in a hospital in France with an army nurse named Nancy caring for me. I left the hospital before I was fully recovered and left with the tank that found me. Nancy was pissed off that I left and has been following me at field hospitals and aid stations ever since.\" Jo walked out the door and back into the square. She spotted the Red Cross in a window of the bank and walked in. She found Nancy setting out supplies. \"Nancy, I'm supposed to have you look me over.\" Nancy turned around and saw Jo standing there sheepishly. \"Sit.\" She pointed to a chair next to a small table holding a basin of water. Nancy walked over and started to inspect Jo. She pulled the bandage off her head and looked. \"There is barely a scratch. Plenty of bruising though. You don't need a bandage for this. Whoever put it on you was an idiot.\" She threw the bandage in a trash can. Nancy pulled out a small flashlight. \"Follow my finger with your eyes.\" Jo did as she was told as Nancy shone the light in her eyes. \"Okay, good.\" She put the light away. \"Have you had any dizziness or confusion? Any persistent headaches?\" \"No to all of the above.\" \"Congratulations, you don't have a concussion.\" Nancy pulled at Jo's collars to get a better look. \"Well you have two bruises in the shape of hands on your neck, but there isn't anything I can do about that. Any place else that you hurt yourself?\" Jo lifted her hand to Nancy. She took it and looked at the scrapes and bruises. She sighed, feeling for broken bones. \"Who did you beat up this time?\" She grabbed a damp cloth and started cleaning the scrapes. \"Sgt. Miles. It was pay back for last month.\" Nancy nodded in reply. \"He's dead now.\" Nancy snapped her head up and looked at Jo wide eyed. \"What? I didn't kill him if that's what you were thinking.\" Nancy nodded in understanding and returned her attention to Jo's hand. \"Did you want a bandage on this?\" She put the cloth on the table. \"Not really, it should be fine. I don't plan on beating anyone else up today.\" She said with a smile. \"Then you can leave now.\" Nancy turned her attention back to her supplies. Jo eyed the bowl of water next to her. Her fingers twitched with the possibility that she could wash her hands, face, and hair. \"Can I use that?\" She pointed to the water. \"No. This building still has running water and a bathroom. Go use the sink in there. Now leave me in peace to deal with patients more needing of my attention.\" Nancy ordered. \"Yes, ma'am.\" Jo chuckled out with a smile. Nancy smiled at her and with that Jo headed to the bathroom. She walked in and over to the sink. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and her appearance startled herself. Half her face was somewhat clean from where Don had cleaned off the blood, and the other half was covered in grime with a large bruise on her forehead. She looked at her neck in the mirror, it wasn't too bad as far as bruises went. She took off her helmet and set it on the sink counter. There wasn't any soap that she could find. Jo took off her pack and dug through it until she found her soap. She turned on the tap and wet the bar. She scrubbed at her hands and cleaned under her short fingernails with the soap. She set the soap down and wet her face and head. She grabbed the soap again and worked a lather onto her hands and proceeded to wash her face and hair. When she was done washing, her hair was clean and her hands and face were pink. She felt so much better now that she wasn't covered in who knows what anymore. She rinsed the blood off her helmet and replaced it. The soap was placed back into her pack and she left the bank.[Chapter 3] Jo noticed that there was a sudden influx of townsfolk, especially women, since she had last been outside. Sometimes they would take towns and they were abandoned, and other times they were like this. Civilians were great to play with during rest and relaxation, but Jo couldn't really relax with them around. She much preferred when it was just the soldiers. She passed by Murder Inc . and noticed her crew was there. \"How's it hanging, Binkowski?\" Jo called, distracting him from negotiating with a woman. \"To the left. Wanna see?\" Binkowski grabbed at the crotch of his pants. That was more information than she needed or wanted. \"No. It was rhetorical.\" She stated back, rolling her eyes at his comment. \"Hey, tell that cocksucker Wardaddy if he doesn't take care of you, I will.\" He called to her. \"In your dreams.\" She walked on by. \"I'm serious. I've got a hard-on with your name on it if you ever want it.\" \"You're still an asshole.\" She yelled over her shoulder, giving him the finger. \"Gladly!\" He shouted after her. She laughed to herself. Some things never changed and Binkowski was one of them. Ever since he realized Jo was a girl when she served in his tank, he had been trying to woo her. Needless to say he had been unsuccessful in his endeavors. Jo spotted Don and Norman walk into a different building. She made to follow them, walking past Fury , but Boyd stopped her. \"Jo, you okay?\" He was sitting by a little fire, heating up coffee and reading his bible. \"Yeah,\" she paused, walking over to Boyd. \"Why wouldn't I be okay?\" She asked with a small smile. \"Earlier with Miles, said you found it exhilarating.\" \"So?\" Jo was completely confused. \"You always get excited beatin' a man up?\" He looked at her completely serious. \"WHAT?\" Jo shot her head forward. \"No. Shit.\" She rubbed her hand against her forehead. \"No, it's nothing like that. I don't get off on hurting other people. He just wronged me in the past and I enjoyed returning the favor.\" She crossed her arms defensively. \"Besides I'm sure I'm not the only one that wanted to wipe that smug look off his face that he had all the time.\" \"You sure that's all it was?\" \"Yes! Holy Shit! Why are people suddenly worried about my mental wellbeing today?\" She raised her arms in exasperation then squatted down in front of the fire opposite of Boyd. She clasped her hands in front of her mouth. \"You have known me a good part of a year now. I think you would have noticed before today if I took pleasure out of hurting or killing someone.\" \"Well I ain't there looking over your shoulder when you kill someone am I?\" He snapped his bible shut. Jo gave a sigh. \"Look. I get happy when someone gets their comeuppance. Far as I know, so do most people. It just so happened that I was the one to give it to him, and it felt fucking good too. If that makes me a bad person, then so be it. I don't plan on surviving this godforsaken war so it don't matter one jot.\" She stood up and pointed her finger at Boyd. \"If you've got a problem with that, that's your problem, not mine. You and your god and Jesus Christ aren't going to make me feel guilty about something I've done and got a release from. Besides, there are men here much more deranged than you think I am. Take your bible and Jesus and go save them men's souls, they need it more than I.\" Jo stalked off to the building that she saw Don and Norman enter. She was calm again by the time she went up the stairs. She heard a small commotion in German from the other side of a door. Don's voice sounded and then she heard a woman apologizing for something. She waited outside the door a few minutes and then Jo gently rapped on the door with her knuckles. \"Don? You in there? It's Jo.\" She tried the door, but it was locked. She heard footsteps and saw a silhouette come to the door. It was too short to be Don. The lock clicked open and Norman pulled open the door. \"Thanks.\" She said walking in. She saw Wardaddy sitting at the table and noticed a young woman sitting on a sofa on the far side of the room. Norman took a seat in the chair next to the sofa. Jo set her things down and took a seat at the table to Don's right. Once she was settled in, she finally took a look at the girl across the room. Don called her over and asked her name. Emma. The girl looked between Don and Jo with an angry look on her face to cover her fear, as if acting tough could save her from them. Don pulled out a small tin box and opened it. He handed it to Emma along with some coffee, tea, and cigarettes. Emma walked into the kitchen with the supplies. \"What was in the tin?\" Jo asked. \"Eggs.\" \"Eggs?\" Jo asked excitedly. \"Where did you find eggs?\" \"We stayed in a barn a few nights ago. There were still chickens there. So we had ourselves a chicken dinner and come morning decided to look in the coup. There were six eggs just lying there for the taking.\" \"Aren't you lucky? The only meat I've had in the past three months has been from a tin.\" Jo rested her head in her hand. Another woman came out of the kitchen and set a bowl down in front of Don. He stood and took off his jacket. The older woman locked eyes with Jo and gasped. \"Greta?\" she asked. Don looked between the two. \"Du sie erkennen?\" (You recognize her?) he asked the woman. She nodded her head. \"Ja. Sie sieht aus wie meine Schwester.\" (Yes. She looks like my sister.) \"She look familiar to you?\" Don asked Jo. \"No.\" \"Know a Greta?\" He took out his soap and shaving kit. \"My mother's name was Greta, but I highly doubt they are the same person. I mean, what are the chances?\" She turned her attention to the woman. \"Wie heiβt?\" (What is your name?) \"Irma.\" She replied. \"Irma.\" Jo said to herself, mulling the name over. \"Fuck!\" Jo burst out. The woman in front of her flinched. \"I take it as you know an Irma?\" Don asked. \"Well, I don't know an Irma, but my mom did have a sister named Irma. She stayed here in Germany because she was too young to come over. Her parents wouldn't let her leave.\" Jo rubbed a hand over her face. \"Hast du Foto?\" (Do you have a photo?) Irma nodded. She made her way to a small table behind Don. Irma shuffled through papers in the drawer of the table for a few more seconds and retrieved a photo. She walked over to the dining table and held it out to Jo, Jo took it. She recognized it instantly. It was of her mother and Irma when they were young. She stood, fumbling around in the breast pocket of her coat and pulled out a worn copy of the same photo. Jo held the two up next to each other and Irma gasped in delight. She took her own copy out of Jo's hand and hugged her. Jo was taken aback at first, but eventually returned the hug. Jo gave a look to Don over Irma's shoulder. He just shrugged and gave her a small smile. When she released Jo, Irma had tears of happiness in her eyes. Jo sat back down and Irma took the chair next to her. \"How is Greta?\" Irma asked with a smile. Jo turned to her with a sorrowful look. \"She died when I was three.\" Slowly the smile faded from her face and the tears of joy turned to tears of sadness. \"I'm sorry.\" Irma shook her head and patted Jo's hand. \"It's okay.\" She paused to wipe the tears from her eyes. \"It is good to know for sure. I had suspected for years. What of your father?\" \"He died along with my brothers a few years ago.\" Jo pulled out another photo of her, her father, and her brothers, handing it to Irma. Irma released her hand and took the photo. \"Which one is you?\" Jo pointed to the shortest person in the photo. \"Your hair was short then too?\" Leaning back in her chair, Jo gave a small laugh through her nose and smiled. \"Yeah. Easier to keep stuff out of it that way.\" Irma retuned the photo. Jo pocketed both photos and relaxed into her chair. Irma stood and put a hand on Jo's shoulder. The two women looked at each other and Irma gave Jo a smile and a gentle squeeze on her shoulder. Jo gave a nod, she knew exactly what it meant. It meant that everything was going to be okay and if she made it through the war, there was going to be somebody she could call family again. Irma returned to the kitchen. Norman stood up and walked past Don to an upright piano Jo didn't even notice behind her. Jo watched as Don took off his undershirt. She frowned at the bruising on his ribs as he lathered his shave soap. \"What happened there?\" She asked pointing to his ribs. He looked down at the bruise. \"Knocked an SS off a horse this morning. Got his shoulder in my ribs.\" Norman started to play the piano and Emma came out of the kitchen. She sang along for a few lines before suddenly stopping. Norman stopped playing piano as well. Jo followed Don's gaze as he looked at a mirror behind him. She could see they were looking into it. She was confused for a moment until she remembered about Don's scars. He chided the two and Emma pulled Norman into the bedroom. Irma came back into the room with a cup of coffee. Don stopped her from interfering with Norman and Emma and she went back into the kitchen after setting the coffee down. \"They act like they've never seen scars before.\" Jo stated to Don who started lathering his face. \"They haven't, not like mine.\" Jo shrugged and put her elbows up on the table, propping up her head. \"So, I have an aunt now.\" She drummed the fingers of her free hand against the table. \"Mhmm, it appears so.\" He started on the other half of his face. \"It's strange. To go from no family to having someone related to you.\" \"I'll admit, it is one hell of a coincidence that you found a family member here of all places.\" \"Here as in Germany, or here as in this house?\" \"Here as in during a war. In this house.\" \"I'm sure stranger things have happened.\" Don gave a short laugh. \"Doubt it.\" He turned and faced the mirror with his safety razor. \"I don't know why they give you those instead of a straight razor.\" Jo said sitting back in her chair again so she could see Don's face in the mirror. \"It's so we don't hack our faces off when we need to shave.\" He pulled the blade down his face. \"Yeah, but a straight razor is so much more practical. Say you are shaving in the field and Jerry tries to jump you. You can slice him up good with the straight razor, but a double-edged is useless against him. You'd have to drop the razor, grab your closest weapon, and by that point hope you are still alive to kill him. Straight razor for the win.\" He rinsed off the blade. \"But you have to have so much more equipment to keep a straight razor sharp. I can just replace my blade on this when it gets dull.\" \"Have the barber whet it.\" \"While I appreciate the merits of a straight razor, it's a waste of time. Besides, if I need to kill a Kraut with a blade, I have a bayonet.\" \"True.\" By then, Don was done shaving. There was a lull in the conversation as he rinsed his face, head, and neck off in the soapy water. A soft moan sounded from the bedroom. Jo gave a small smile. \"Figure they are just starting?\" \"Probably. Norman is shier than a priest.\" \"You missed a spot.\" Jo stood up and took the damp towel from Don's hands. \"My turn to help.\" She rubbed at the grime at the nape of Don's neck and another moan sounded. They both looked at the bedroom door before returning to their tasks. \"Think she is faking it, or is the kid a natural?\" She asked with a smile. \"Dunno. Surprised he's lasted this long to be honest.\" Jo dipped the towel into the bowl and scrubbed at Don's neck some more. \"All clean.\" She returned the towel to him. \"Thank you.\" He wiped at the dirt and grease on his hands and arms with the towel. Jo took a seat on the sofa and admired Don from there. \"I must admit, I think you look more attractive with a bit of scruff and dirt.\" He looked at her with an amused smile. \"Well I feel better clean and shaved. Sorry to disappoint.\" He put his kit back in his bag and put his undershirt and shirt back on as Irma cleared the table. He gave his hair a quick comb through and put his things near Jo's. All that was left on the table was a pack of cigarettes, the newspaper, and a teacup full of coffee. Jo noticed Irma was smoking in the kitchen and occasionally glancing at Don. \"I think she likes you. She keeps looking at you.\" Jo said to Don as he took his seat at the head of the table. \"Huh?\" He asked picking up the paper. Jo leaned closer to the table. \"Irma. I think she likes you.\" \"Ah.\" He unfolded the paper and took a drink of the coffee. Suddenly the bedroom door opened and Emma came out and went into the bathroom. It was a few moments longer before Norman came out of the bedroom with a big smile on his face. He finished putting on his coat and sat in the seat to Don's right. Don stared at Norman, sizing him up, and Norman gave him a smirk. \"You don't have to say a word.\" Because we heard everything , Jo thought. Emma came out of the bathroom and Jo ducked her head as she swept past her and into the kitchen. Don gave Jo a knowing look and Jo flashed her eyebrows at him. Emma came back into the room carrying two cups of coffee and sat down next to Norman with a big grin on her face. They were giggling at each other and Irma came in with plates to set the table. Suddenly the peace was disturbed by boots coming up the stairs and Grady calling for Norman. \"Shit,\" Jo muttered under her breath, raking a hand through her hair. She intertwined her fingers in front of her mouth, resting her chin on her thumbs and her elbows on her knees. The tension in the room was palpable even before the apartment door burst open. Bible, Gordo, and Grady strolled into the room. Jo looked to Don. He was pissed off and she could see it all over his face. They disturbed whatever semblance of normalcy Don had created in this apartment and he looked as if he could murder them all where they stood. Grady and Gordo were urging Norman to come down to the square to fuck a whore. Jo wasn't really paying attention to what was said until Grady walked between Emma and Norman. Jo's eyes snapped to him. \"Did you…did you take this pretty young thing for a roll?\" He squatted down between the two. \"Did you do that?\" Emma was visibly scared. \"What's with your lip?\" He grasped her lower lip in his fingers. \"What's with your lip? Why it quiver?\" Jo could feel anger start to bubble up inside of her. He released Emma's lip and put his arm around her chair. \"Don't worry about me, I'm a friend. He fuck you, you fuck me. That how it works.\" Jo snapped. \"Don't you fucking touch her.\" She was seeing red now and there was no stopping her. \"Fuck you!\" He turned his attention to Jo. \"Don't fucking touch her.\" Jo said again. \"Or what? What the fuck are you going to do about it?\" He challenged her. He set the bottle in his hand on the table. In one swift movement, Jo was on her feet and around the table. She yanked Grady up from his squat. \"What the fuck you doing?\" She shoved him back hard and he fell into the fireplace behind him. He scrambled to his feet as she advanced on him. \"The fuck's wrong with you?\" \"Don't fucking touch her.\" Jo replied pushing him against the wall. She started swinging at him and Grady put his arms up in defense. \"Shit.\" She clipped him in the face. \"Fuck!\" Jo hit him in the nose. He kept dodging her attacks, not having enough time to counter. Jo kept whaling on him and repeating \"Don't fucking touch her.\" Grady slowly slid down the wall and it wasn't until he was in a ball on the floor and she started to kick him that he surrendered. \"Okay! Okay! Shit! Fucking Jesus! Stop!\" Jo stopped her assault. \"Just stop fucking hitting me already.\" Jo grabbed him by the shoulders of his coat and pulled him back up to a standing position. \"If you ever fucking do that again you will wake up with your balls in your mouth. Got it?\" \"Got it.\" He was cowering from her. \"Good.\" She released him and turned to the rest of the room. \"The same goes for the rest of you,\" she raised her finger at them all. \"If I so much as get an inkling that you have touched a girl without her wanting you to, I will not hesitate to castrate you and shove your balls down your throats.\" She looked to each of the men in front of her, even Don. \"Understand?\" All but Don nodded. \"Consider yourselves warned.\" She stalked forward towards the door. Don caught her wrist in his hand. She looked at him. \"Aren't you going to stay for lunch?\" He had concern in his eyes. \"I seem to have suddenly lost my appetite.\" She replied pulling her wrist out of his hand. \"Move.\" She stated to Gordo. He stepped out of her way. Jo bent down and grabbed her things. She stood back up. \"And Boyd.\" \"Yeah?\" \"I didn't enjoy doing that.\" With that she left the apartment. She pulled a cigarette out of her pocket and shoved it in her mouth. She searched her pockets for a lighter, but couldn't find one. She went over to the nearest fire and lit it. She took a long drag of the cigarette. She exhaled with a sigh and put her hands on her hips. Grady of all people should have known not to pull that shit in front of her. It pissed her off so damn much. \"FUCK!\" She yelled and kicked the flaming debris. They scattered and she drew the attention of nearby soldiers. She saw one with a bottle of booze. \"Give me that.\" She stated storming over to him, ripping the bottle out of his hand. She took a long swig of it. \"Hey! That's mine!\" The soldier protested. Jo gave him a murderous look. He visibly wilted. \"Never mind. Keep it.\" She was going to drink herself to oblivion and quickly smoke a pack of cigarettes, it was her only way to calm down when she was this angry. She heard the Captain's voice yelling to someone on the radio over the din of the square. What was he so angry about? She absentmindedly returned the bottle and walked over to the command center under the archways. Captain Waggoner looked like he was going to pop a blood vessel. \"The fuck do you mean you don't know?! You want me to send men in there blind?! ... What the fuck is the point in having a recon plane if he doesn't do his fucking job?! … I don't give a shit if he took fire! I've already lost half a platoon today because I don't know what my men are walking into! You want me to lose some more?! … Okay! Fine then! Where do you need them?\" He grabbed a map and a grease pencil and started marking things down. \"Uh huh … okay … got it … got it … yeah, hold the crossroad. Okay …\" He got off the radio. \"Fuck you too, you fucking asshole.\" He said to the radio. \"Problem, sir?\" Jo asked, stomping out her finished cigarette. He put his hands on his hips and faced her. \"There's a fucking troop formation coming and all I fucking know about it is it needs to be headed off at a crossroads or else the supply chain is fucked and a bunch of innocent people are going to die.\" Jo nodded in understanding. \"Hey, get the fuck over here.\" He yelled at one of the messengers. The messenger came over. \"I want you to find me Love 1-6 and get Sgt. Collier's ass over here.\" She grabbed the messenger as he passed her. \"He's in that building there,\" she indicated to the house she came out of earlier. \"Top of the stairs.\" The messenger nodded at her and took off. Jo leaned against one of the archways, loosely crossing her arms. \"It's good to see you're still alive, Travers.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" He sat down in a chair with a sigh. \"What the fuck happened to your pins, Lieutenant?\" She looked down at her epaulette and back to Waggoner. \"In my pocket. I've found that I'm less of a target when I'm not wearing shiny pieces of metal on my uniform. Besides, it's not like I have any authority inside or outside of a medical facility.\" He nodded and stood up. He walked over to a small box of drawers. He dug around in one of the drawers and threw a little packet to Jo. She caught it and saw it contained Captain's pins. \"Thank you, sir, but I'm confused. I haven't been here long enough to be a First Lieutenant, let alone a Captain.\" \"There's a fucking war going on. We'd all be so lucky to live as long as we need to get a promotion. But if you don't want to be a Captain, that's fine. Give me back the pins, I'll make you a First Lieutenant.\" She handed the packet back to him. He threw it back in the drawer and opened a different one. He pulled another packet out. He faced Jo, holding the pins out. \"Now, you've seen more shit than any of the other nurses I know of and you've saved my ass. Don't let anyone tell you that you didn't earn these.\" He smiled at her and set the pins in her hand. She smiled back. \"Yes, sir.\" \"I heard you had a mission for me, sir?\" Don asked walking up to the temporary command center. Jo quickly shoved the pins into her breast pocket so she wouldn't lose them. Don gave her a curious look. \"Yes,\" Captain Waggoner started, getting Don's attention back. \"Sorry to disturb your rest and relax Sgt., but we got some urgent intel.\" Don sighed. \"It's not a problem, sir.\" \"Good.\" Waggoner pulled out a cigarette and lit it. He sat down at the small table with the map and indicated for Don to join him. \"What am I walking into?\" Don asked, pulling out a small notebook. \"A recon plane spotted a troop concentration moving west, here.\" He pointed to a spot on the map. \"Battalion needs you to guard these crossroads here in this grid on the overlay.\" Don started to write down the information. \"How many troops did he see?\" \"I don't know.\" \"What kind of troops?\" He finished writing. \"They have tanks, horses, artillery?\" \"I wish I could help you. He took fire, got the fuck out of there. Enough to spook the Colonel. All the tanks are driving on Berlin. There's a couple of thousand cooks, mechanics, and doctors here. Those Krauts hit them, it'll be a slaughter. All we got is you.\" Don stood up straight and pocketed his notebook. Jo could tell he was annoyed by the situation. \"We need you to the crossroads as fast as you can. Secure them. Don't stop for anything. You understand? Take my gas if you have to. If those troops get past you, they're gonna smash into the supply train. Then the whole division is fucked.\" \"All right, sir. We're on the way.\" Don started to walk away. \"Wait!\" Jo called to stop him. \"Is that it? Are you sending him alone?\" she asked the Captain. \"He's got the three other tanks to go with him too.\" \"What about infantry?\" She walked over to the table. \"If they come across a Tiger and they've got Panzerfaust, they're fucked. With all due respect, sir, it's suicide and a waste of resources.\" \"What the fuck would you have me do? I lost half the infantry today and what's left is dead on their feet as it is. The infantry would only slow them down anyway and we don't have the time for that.\" \"There has to be something we can do.\" \"I'm sorry, Travers, my hands are tied.\" Jo rubbed a hand down her face with a sigh and looked to Don. Suddenly there were shouts of \"Incoming!\" Jo gabbed Waggoner and pulled him to the side of the building and Don followed. Bombs started dropping all over the town, concentrated in the square. Just as fast as the bombs came, they were over. Don immediately left and disappeared into the dust. Captain Waggoner coughed at the dust and waved it away from his face. Jo grabbed his attention again. \"Send me.\" \"What?\" \"Send me with them.\" \"Travers, I can't-\" \"You can. I insist. I can be their fucking medic and infantry in one!\" \"Travers you've been at it since before sunup.\" \"And I'll keep at it till the next sunup and longer if I have to.\" Jo turned her head to look at the damage in the square now that the dust was settling. She lost her train of thought as she saw Grady pulling Norman away from the rubble of the building she occupied not a half hour ago. She walked to the archway and looked out. She was alone again in the world, her aunt was gone. She didn't know how to feel about that. On the one hand, she hadn't really known the woman, she was a complete stranger. On the other, she was family and the woman seemed nice enough. Her determination was stronger than ever though. \"I can't let you go. I'm sorry.\" the Captain said from behind her. She whipped around and faced him. \"I'm going either way. Here,\" she dug into her pocket, \"demote me for insubordination.\" She threw the pins to Waggoner. They hit him in the torso and fell to the ground. \"Where is our confiscated Panzerfaust?\" She was practically manic. He just stared at her. \"Travers-\" \"Where's the Panzerfaust?!\" He heaved a sigh. \"Fine. They're in the back of one of the deuce-and-a-half. Go.\" Jo immediately started running towards one of the trucks. \"Good luck!\" She heard him yell after her. She was lucky, the first truck she came to had a Panzerfaust lying there. She grabbed it and ran towards Fury . She climbed up the side and was confronted by Don. \"What are you doing here?\" He grabbed a gas can from Bible. \"I'm coming with you.\" Jo stated. \"No, you are not.\" He strapped the gas to the back of the tank. \"I am. You need me. And if you won't let me ride with you, then I'll ride with Binkowski.\" \"Then you best get your ass over to Murder Inc. because I'm not letting you ride with me. I won't let you get taken out with me if I get hit.\" \"Don't say shit like that, Don.\" She gave him a concerned look. She hated it when he started thinking like that, even if his job was to minimize casualties. \"You said it yourself earlier. The first tank usually gets hit in an ambush. I'm not going to risk it.\" \"But, Don-\" She growled at him. He turned on her. \"If I can lose five men instead of six in case of an attack, then that's what I'm going to do! Got it?\" He stared her down until she yielded. His tone softened. \"War makes eternal pessimists of us all. Now go.\" She gave him a hard look. She didn't want to leave. \"Go, or I'll throw you off the tank myself.\" He wasn't giving in. \"Fuck you.\" She said softly before she slid off the side of Fury and ran over to Murder Inc. , Panzerfaust in tow. She quickly climbed up the front of the tank like she used to when she served Binkowski and went to the back. Jo clapped Binkowski on the shoulder as she passed him and took up her post. \"Don kicked you off Fury ?\" He asked. \"Yeah, he doesn't want me to come on the mission, so he doesn't want me on his tank. Plus he seems to be pissed off about something else.\" \"You didn't hear?\" He asked looking at her. \"Hear what?\" \"He was all that came back from Third Platoon this morning.\" \"Christ.\" She glanced at Don and watched as Fury passed them. He looked briefly at Murder Inc. , but avoided Jo's gaze. She couldn't believe he wouldn't tell her about something like that. \"Command sent five tanks out on a mission last night. We didn't hear a damn thing. Thought he was dead for sure, then he came rolling into camp. Just one tank minus an AD. That's all that survived the battle.\" Jo was shocked. \"Why wouldn't he tell me that?\" \"I don't know, but just because he fucks you, doesn't mean he's your boyfriend.\" \"I never said he was my boyfriend. And what the fuck is that supposed to mean exactly?\" \"It means he doesn't even tell us all the shit he's been through, so why should he tell you? 'Sides it's not like you tell him all the shit you've been through either. Right? As long as I've known you, you've played things pretty close to the chest. I remember having to pry info out of you.\" \"You nagged me is more like it. I only told you shit to get you to shut up. How did you find out about Don and me anyway?\" \"First off, I have these fucking things on my face called eyes, it's pretty obvious. You kind of follow him around when you two are in the same area.\" \"I do not.\" \"You do. He follows you around sometimes too. Don't worry about it. And second, I found out you two were fucking when I went to get Don for something and heard you two going at it.\" \"What?! How do you know it was me?\" She could feel a blush creeping up her neck. \"Oh, Wardaddy! Your dick is so huge!\" He said in his best falsetto. Jo's face fell with realization and then he started cracking up. \"You are such a fucking liar. You never heard us.\" \"No, but you should have seen your fucking face when I said I did. It was fucking priceless!\" Binkowski fell into another fit of laughter. Jo cracked a smile. \"It. Wasn't. That. Fucking. Funny.\" Jo said, punctuating each word with a punch to Binkowski's arm. He was still giggling. \"Yes, it was!\" Binkowski's laughter died down a little. \"So how did you really find out?\" \"You were both missing one afternoon and I've never known Don to fuck the locals. It doesn't take much to put two and two together.\" Binkowski paused, listening to someone over the radio. \"Copy. We are right behind you.\" He pounded his hand on the top of the tank. \"Alright ladies, let's get this fucking show on the road.\" Murder Inc. 's engine roared to life. They started pulling out and following the convoy. As they passed the bank, Jo noticed Nancy looking out one of the windows. Nancy waved to Jo and Jo gave her a short nod back. She was going to get all the boys back safely or die trying. With that, Jo turned her attention back front and watched as they rolled out of town.[Chapter 4] Jo started patting down her pockets. \"Fuck.\" \"What is it?\" Binkowski asked. Jo took off her bag and rifled through it. \"Goddamn it!\" She put her bag back on. \"What the fuck is wrong?\" \"I forgot to grab more ammo for my pistol and my Thompson. I was so concerned about getting the Panzerfaust, I forgot.\" \"Don't worry. I've got your ass covered.\" He ducked down into the tank and came up with an ammo box. She grabbed it and opened it up. It held three full magazines and some loose bullets. A smile spread over Jo's face. \"You are a life saver, Top.\" She pulled the magazines out, placed them in her belt, and loaded her revolver. Closing the box, she handed it back to Binkowski. She noticed he was smiling at her. \"What?\" \"You just haven't called me Top in a long time.\" \"I haven't been on your tank in a long time.\" \"I know. It's just-\" \"Familiar. Yeah.\" She gave a sad smile. \"I was going to say really fucking weird, but familiar works, I guess.\" \"You weren't going to say weird, otherwise you wouldn't have been smiling at me.\" He shrugged. \"Okay, you caught me. I was going to say nice coming from your mouth again. A part of my crew that left, but isn't dead.\" \"You aren't going all mushy on me are you? Because if you are we can get Davis over here and have a little group hug and sing 'Kumbaya'.\" He laughed at her. \"Do you even know 'Kumbaya'?\" \"No. Do you?\" \"Not really.\" \"Then that settles it, no 'Kumbaya'.\" \"Seriously though, it's really fucking good having you here. It seems like such a long time since you were last here.\" \"I know. It's only been six months since I left your tank, but it feels like lifetimes ago. And I must confess, Fury has ruined me to all other tanks.\" \"How's that?\" \"She's an Easy 8. I didn't really notice how nice of a ride she was until I had to ride this piece of junk again. We've been going about twenty minutes now and my legs are already killing me from standing here.\" Murder Inc. 's engine suddenly died. \"See what you fucking did. You talk bad about my baby and she dies.\" He grabbed the radio. \"Love 1-5 to Wardaddy. We are dead in the water, Don. Engine just gave out. I'll need time to fix it.\" He waited for a response. \"Copy. Love 1-5 out.\" All the tanks in the convoy up ahead came to a halt. The other hatch on the turret opened up and Denison, their loader, popped his head up. \"Let me see your hands.\" He said to Jo. \"What?\" \"How big are your hands?\" He grabbed one. \"Nice and tiny, perfect. I need your help down here.\" \"I can help if it's mechanical issues, but electrical is lost on me.\" \"I'll walk you through it.\" Denison dropped back inside of the tank. \"Okay, give me a second.\" Jo took off her gun, helmet, and bag and stuck her head into the tank. \"Where do you need me?\" \"Get your ass in here.\" Jo did as she was told. \"Come over here.\" She went to the far left of the tank. \"What is it?\" \"You see that wire hanging there?\" He pointed to a green wire. \"Yeah.\" \"It's come loose from the side of that casing, but my fingers are too big to stick it back into its hole.\" \"I feel like there is a sex joke somewhere in there.\" Jo commented. Denison thought for a minute. \"Not that I can think of. Anyway, think you can manage that?\" \"Probably.\" She traded places with him and squeezed herself into the small space. She stuck her finger into the side of the casing and felt for the hole. She found it. She grabbed the wire and guided it with her finger into the hole. Moving her finger out of the way, she pushed it in farther. There was a little spark and the tank came back to life. \"You really are a wonder woman.\" She heard from behind her. \"Need anything else while I'm down here?\" \"Not unless you want to go for a roll with me.\" \"Didn't you just fuck a civilian less than an hour ago?\" \"No. We left before I got a chance to.\" Denison said defensively. Jo rolled her eyes at him and gently shoved him out of the way. She made her way to the hatch. Pausing on the way out, she gently ran her hand across the rim. \"Sorry I called you a piece of junk. I didn't mean it.\" she whispered to the tank. Jo climbed out of the turret, shutting the hatch behind her. She grabbed her helmet, gun, and bag and put them back on. \"We're good to go. Wire came loose.\" Binkowski nodded. \"Okay, Don. We're back up and running thanks to your girl.\" \"I'm not his girl.\" she said climbing onto the turret with the Panzerfaust to sit. Binkowski started laughing. \"What's so funny?\" she asked. He started laughing some more. \"Holy shit, that's fantastic!\" \"What is?\" His eyes went wide and he cracked up some more. \"If you two aren't in an actual relationship you should be. You both have said the same thing, at the same time, three times in a row!\" He wiped the tears of laughter from his eyes. \"Copy. Love 1-5 out.\" The tanks started moving again. \"You two are such a fucking match for each other. It's gross.\" He had a big grin on his face. \"Well, I'd like to survive the war first before I start planning for the future.\" \"That's something Don would have fucking said.\" \"It's a sound piece of advice.\" \"Again.\" Jo gave him the middle finger and turned her attention up front. She noticed someone was sitting on top of Fury. She guessed it was probably Norman based on his haircut. Why the hell would Norman be sitting on the turret, though? He had his own hatch to look out of if he wanted. She put it out of her mind and focused on the horizon. They drove for another five minutes when she noticed black smoke in the distance. \"Goddamn. This war needs to be over soon.\" She said to herself. \"It will be. We're in Germany.\" Binkowski chimed in. Jo turned her head and looked at him. \"Is that supposed to mean something to me?\" \"Hitler's forces are low. Why the fuck do you think we've been coming across more civilian soldiers and less SS? The fucking Nazis are all but defeated.\" \"How the fuck do you know that? How do you know that this isn't some sort of fucking scheme and he's just pulled back forces to Berlin for protection?\" \"Because we are on this fucking mission. If he wanted protection he would keep as many troops with him as he fucking could.\" \"Since when have you been a military strategist?\" \"Since when have you been such a sarcastic bitch?\" Jo thought for a moment. \"Since always. Or for at least as long as you've known me.\" Binkowski raised his eyebrows. \"Oh, right. I forgot.\" They looked at each other for a second and then burst out laughing. \"Fuck I missed this.\" He said to her. \"Me too. You need to add more 'fucks' to your sentences, though. You don't say it often enough.\" She smiled at him. He chuckled. \"I find it hard to believe that no one can sling shit at you like I do.\" He shrugged. \"I think they're all too fucking scared about what I might do to them if they try it.\" \"But shit slinging is half the fun of being in a tank.\" \"Tell me about it.\" Jo looked at Binkowski and noticed something on his cheek. \"Is that blood?\" she asked, moving closer to him. \"Huh?\" \"On your cheek, is that blood?\" She pointed at his left cheek. \"And is it yours?\" He rubbed at his cheek and pulled his hand away. \"Don't think it's my blood.\" He thought for a moment. \"You know what it is. Some poor fucker stepped on a grenade yesterday. Must have got some spray on me.\" \"And you didn't wash it off?\" He shrugged. \"Didn't remember that it was there.\" Jo shook her head at him. \"That's just gross.\" He shrugged again. She sighed at him. \"Well, since he stepped on a grenade, let me take a look.\" \"What for?\" \"Shrapnel, cuts, some sort of open wound. If you were injured, infection can kill just as well as a bullet.\" \"Fine.\" He took off his helmet and Jo started her inspection. She wiped at the dried blood, flaking it off. \"Well everything looks okay … Wait.\" She noticed a spot in his hairline that looked different. It seemed to be a small cut. She felt it. There wasn't anything that seemed to be sticking out of it and it didn't feel warmer to the touch than the rest of his head. \"You have a small cut, but everything appears normal. It's scabbed over nicely.\" \"See, I told you. Nothing wrong with me.\" \"You said nothing of the sort.\" \"It was implied when I said 'Don't think it's my blood'.\" \"Why are you such an asshole?\" \"Don asked me that very question this morning.\" \"Yeah? The worst part is that you are a charming asshole.\" \"A charming asshole?\" He grinned. \"What's that mean?\" \"It means I hate your guts, but I love you to death.\" She smiled at him. \"Well that seems like a good problem to have from you.\" He grinned some more. Jo scoffed at him. She leaned in and was about to kiss his cheek when he grabbed her chin and kissed her on the lips. Her eyes went wide and she was too shocked to do anything. Binkowski pulled away and let her go. She stayed silent for a minute trying to comprehend what happened. \"What the fuck?\" She composed herself. \"I can't believe you just did that. I should slap you for doing that.\" \"But you aren't?\" \"… No.\" \"Does that mean you liked it?\" He sounded hopeful. She scoffed again and started laughing. \"Absolutely not. It was how I would imagine kissing my brother would feel.\" His face fell a little. \"And you are a terrible kisser, by the way.\" \"No need to add insult to injury.\" Jo sighed. \"You get a free pass this time because it was just a kiss and I left myself open to that, but if you try to do that again physical injury will incur, not just emotional. Got it?\" \"Yeah.\" He sighed and focused on the road ahead. Jo shifted to a more comfortable position and pulled a half-eaten package of broken crackers out of her pocket. She offered some to Binkowski. \"No, thanks. Already ate.\" \"Suit yourself.\" She shoved one of the broken crackers into her mouth. It was stale already. She had only opened the package this morning. Jo sighed and ate they rest of her crackers slowly, trying her best to savor them. They weren't the most appetizing thing in the world, but they kept her from starving and they were all the food she had left. Jo crumpled up the empty package and threw it into the tank. \"What the hell? My tank isn't a trash can.\" Binkowski said, irritated. \"I don't need to risk it making noise if I stick it back in my pocket.\" He just looked at her. \"Once we are done with the mission I'll throw it in the garbage. I promise.\" \"You better.\" He faced the road ahead of them again. Jo shifted position again, trying to preemptively avoid her leg falling asleep. The new position was as comfortable as one could get sitting on a piece of uneven metal. Despite the rattling of Murder Inc. , Jo caught herself nodding off several times. Binkowski chuckled. \"Tired?\" Jo yawned and stretched her limbs. \"Apparently.\" \"See? She's not such a bad ride after all.\" Jo slipped off the back of the turret and onto the back of the tank. \"That, or maybe it's because I've been up since before 0500 hours this morning.\" She took her post behind the gun, determined not to fall asleep again. \"Shit. How much coffee have you had?\" \"None. You know I don't drink coffee.\" \"Didn't know if that changed or not, now you are infantry.\" \"No. I grabbed a cup this morning to warm my hands, but I gave it to Don. He seemed to need it and now I know why. He probably hasn't slept since yesterday.\" Jo scanned the horizon as a breeze blew through. Something to their right caught her eye, but she wasn't sure why. The wind blew again and there was a suspiciously still spot in the distance. She narrowed her eyes to try to better focus. \"What is it?\" \"I'm not sure.\" Jo reached out her hand, eyes never leaving the spot. \"Let me see your binoculars.\" Binkowski took them off and put them in her hand. She put the binoculars up to her eyes, found the spot again, and focused them. Before her brain could process what she saw before her, there was a muzzle flash and a whistling noise. Time slowed to a crawl for Jo. She looked to Binkowski and tightened her grip on the Panzerfaust. Next thing she knew, Jo was flying through the air. She saw a second explosion and the turret popped off the tank. The shell must have hit their ammo causing the other explosion. She landed hard on the thankfully soft ground. She wasn't sure how long it took for her to come to her senses, but when she blinked the rest of the convoy was backing up into the field to the left of the road. \"You are alive.\" She told herself. \"You aren't dead, you are alive. See if everything works.\" Jo raised her head, all her body parts seemed to still be attached. She wiggled her fingers and toes, everything was in working order and nothing seemed to hurt badly. \"You are fine. Now get your ass up and fight.\" Jo sat up fully and took off her pack. She looked around and spotted the Panzerfaust a few yards away, seemingly undamaged. She strapped her gun across her chest, grabbed the Panzerfaust, and ran into the nearby brush for cover. She spotted the Tiger tank just before a shell whistled past her location and towards the other tanks. The Tiger was still a ways off from her, but at that moment it didn't really matter. Jo wasn't going to wait around for the Nazis to take out another one of the Shermans. She started to run along the hedgerow towards it, letting her adrenaline carry her forward. She ran as hard and fast as she possibly could, but the brush and mud was thick, slowing her down. One of the tanks sent a smoke shell and it detonated in front of the Tiger. Jo gave a small smile at blinding the Germans, albeit temporarily. There were more smoke shells fired and Jo could hear the Tiger's engine revving. She saw the Tiger starting to advance forward. Distracted, she tripped on a root. She hit her face on a branch, causing a nose bleed, and the Panzerfaust went tumbling out of her hand. She scrambled to her feet and retrieved the Panzerfaust again. The sound of her heart pounding in her ears drowned out the noise of the guns around her. Jo was getting close to the Tiger and changed her trajectory towards it. There were shells flying everywhere. She would be lucky if she didn't get herself blown up. A shell from one of the Shermans bounced in front of Jo and she ducked. It exploded far enough away that she wasn't harmed. She scrambled to her feet again and there was an explosion to her left. One of the tanks and its crew was gone. She got within range of the Tiger. Sliding on her knees, she took the safety off the Panzerfaust, aimed, and squeezed. Nothing happened. Another shell ricocheted off the Tiger and exploded nearby. It would have killed her had she been a yard to the right of where she was. She checked over the entire rocket in her hand. There didn't seem to be anything wrong with it and the safety was off. She aimed again and squeezed. Once again, nothing happened. Another tank exploded. Jo started to panic and a sense of dread came over her. She didn't know what to do. Her Thompson would do no good here. Three tanks were already gone and there was a high probability Fury was next. Jo tried to think. She couldn't just drop the projectile on the ground, what if Fury accidentally ran over it? Shoving the Panzerfaust into the tracks of the Tiger wasn't really an option. It was dangerous to get that close with the tank moving, plus the explosion would kill her and she wished very much to be alive right now. Whether she would be wishing the same in a minute she wasn't sure, but right now living was a top priority. Duck and cover wouldn't work either. It ran the risk of being run over or blown up. Out of options, she ran away from the tanks in front of her, back towards the hedgerow. Once she was a relatively safe distance away she turned around and helplessly watched. She wasn't a praying woman, but Jo started praying that Fury and all her crew came out of this alive. She could vaguely see green and red tracers bouncing off the two tanks. The Tiger was lining up on Fury and Jo's heart jumped into her throat as the tank was hit. The smoke cleared a little and she could see the shell only hit the logs attached to the side of Fury . She could at least breathe again. Fury shot the Tiger at close range. It should have knocked them out, but it just ricocheted again. The Tiger hit Fury again, this time in the front. Jo thought she was going to die from all the adrenaline and irregular breathing. The two tanks started to maneuver, doing some sort of death dance, and Fury fired again. It was a miss. Fury started going in a different direction. Jo was near hysteric and found herself actually cheering out loud when Fury landed one in the Nazis' ass. Her cheer was short lived though as the Tiger was still moving. Another hit and it was done for. The field was suddenly much quieter. Jo breathed a sigh of relief. She could have melted into a puddle where she stood. She forced herself to move. The adrenaline wearing off, she could feel the fatigue. The Nazis exited their tank and were immediately gunned down by Don. Red tracers took out the commander. She shuffled towards Fury , Panzerfaust still in tow. \"DON!\" she screamed at the top of her lungs, her voice cracking. Fury 's engine shut off. \"JO?!\" She heard Don call back. Spurred on by the sound of his voice she forced herself to run, despite her legs feeling like Jell-O. \"Jo, is that you?!\" She made her way around the burning Tiger and into Don's line of view. \"You're alive!\" He had a relieved look in his eyes. She gave a little laugh though her nose and wiped the blood away with her sleeve. \"Yeah.\" She gave a small, sad smile to him. Suddenly the look on Don's face changed and he looked furious. \"Where the fuck were you?! You were supposed to take out the Tiger with the Panzerfaust! Because of you we lost two more tanks than we should have!\" The smile fell from her face. Any joy he had seeing her alive was quickly replaced by anger. She knew he was just upset over the deaths of the others and he was venting, it happened occasionally, but it still hurt. Little did he know, Jo did feel personally responsible for what had happened and his shouting at her wasn't helping. She had promised herself that she would make sure everyone was safe and alive and now three quarters of them were dead. It was a stupid promise to make in the first place, but she still made it. She had failed and there was nothing she could do about it. There were no do overs in war. What happened had happened and there was no changing things now. Nothing she could do would bring back the three crews lost in the last five minutes. \"And we shouldn't have lost Binkowski to begin with! What the fuck were you doing? Painting your nails?\" The nails comment struck a nerve in her. \"What about you?! You were the fucking lead tank! What the fuck were you doing?! Jacking off?!\" Don's face changed. He looked almost remorseful. \"You should have spotted the fucking Tiger first! I was looking at the fucking thing through binoculars when the goddamn tank got hit!\" She could feel hot tears stinging her eyes. \"I was there next to the Tiger before Roy got hit and the fucking Panzerfaust wouldn't fire!\" \"Did you turn the safety off?\" \"Of course I turned the fucking safety off! Who the fuck do you think I am?! Miss America?!\" He didn't have a response for that. \"The fucking thing just didn't work. Probably took too many jostles and knocked something out of place.\" She looked at the Panzerfaust in her hand and dropped it to the ground. \"So much for German engineering,\" she said with a dry laugh. She wiped away the few tears that fell and gave a sniffle. \"You should have stuck with a bazooka.\" \"Bazookas are shit against tanks. You know that.\" Both of them had calmed down a bit now. She looked back up to Don. \"Is everyone okay in the tank? I mean, obviously they aren't okay, but is anyone hurt? Do they need medical attention?\" He dipped down into the tank and came back up. \"No, everyone's fine.\" She nodded. \"Good.\" \"What about you?\" He indicated her face. \"Oh, I tripped on a root. Just got a nosebleed is all. I'm fine.\" A silence fell between the two. Jo shuffled a few steps closer to Fury so she could get a look at the battlefield. She looked to each of the smoldering remains of the tanks and their crew members. Instantly, her chest started to tighten and she could barely breathe. Her tongue and limbs started to tingle, her vision dimmed, and there was a deafening buzzing in her ears. It felt like somebody was squeezing her heart in their fist and she felt nauseous. She clutched at her chest with a grunt of pain and she collapsed into the mud. Jo fell forward, using her forearm and knees for support as the pain in her chest worsened. She didn't know what was happening, but it scared the hell out of her. She concentrated on just trying to force air in and out of her lungs. Next thing she knew, someone was lifting her front up from the mud. Her helmet was removed and her free hand placed on his shoulder. Gloved hands gripped at her face and tipped her head up to look at him. It was Don. She could see that he was talking, but she couldn't hear what he was saying. The buzzing in her ears had subsided, but she was still deaf. She closed her eyes and rested her head on his shoulder, concentrating on her breathing. In through the nose, out through the mouth. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Her hand slipped down and she clutched at the front of his coat like her life depended on it. For all she knew, right now it did. The tingling in her mouth and limbs died down and she could finally hear again. Don grabbed her head again. \"What's wrong? Tell me what's wrong.\" He looked her in the eyes. \"Feels like someone's trying to rip my heart out of my chest.\" Her words came out a little slurred. She also felt like crying, vomiting, and passing out all at once, but she wouldn't do that in front of Don. He wasn't allowed to do it right now, so she wasn't either. She closed her eyes again and returned her head to his shoulder. He stroked at her hair and back. Eventually the nausea and crippling pain subsided. She gave a dry laugh. \"What's so funny?\" \"I was just thinking.\" \"About what?\" He continued to comfort her. \"That if I died on that road my last words to you would have been, 'fuck you'.\" She gave another small dry laugh, smiling. Then she burst out laughing hysterically. The tightening in her chest melted away and she felt normal again, if drained. She sat up and continued laughing so hard she had tears streaming down her face. She couldn't stop. She had to hold onto Don again as her body shook with laughter. She didn't know why she found it so amusing to have 'fuck you' be her last words to Don, but she did. Her laughing calmed a little bit as she got a cramp in her side and she looked at Don, a big smile on her face. He returned a small smile. \"You know if you laugh yourself to death, they will still be your last words to me.\" He grinned at her and she started her laughing fit all over again. \"Come on.\" He pulled her to her feet and kept a hand on her arm just in case. \"We have to get a move on. Those crossroads won't defend themselves. You've got your Thompson. Here's your helmet.\" He placed it on her head and she strapped it back on. \"Where's your bag?\" He looked around her to the ground surrounding them. \"Jo, where's your pack?\" She pointed back towards the road. \"Over there, behind Murder Inc .\" \"Good. Come on.\" He led her over to Fury. \"Bible, gun front.\" He shouted. The turret turned and stopped once it was facing the front of the tank again. Don helped Jo and made sure she made it safely up the side of the tank. She sat down on the back of the tank, leaning against the turret, and pulled her gun off, resting it in her lap. Jo was still giggling a little and was starting to get a headache. She was so exhausted, and thirsty, and probably hungry. She could use a days rest at a basecamp. Get a shower and clean clothes. Have a hot meal from the canteen and catch up on her sleep. That would be nice. But that wasn't going to happen at least until this mission was over. \"Coon-ass, get up here.\" Grady poked his helmet out of the other hatch. \"What is it, Top?\" \"Get out here and man the .50.\" \"Why the hell I gotta do it? Why can't Jo?\" \"Just shut up and do as you're told.\" Grady climbed out of the tank and stood next to Jo. \"The fuck's wrong with her?\" \"Nothing. Gordo, get us out of here. Go back to the road.\" Fury came to life again underneath Jo. They made their way to the road. \"Gordo, stop here.\" The tank stopped. \"Grady, get your ass over to Murder Inc . and find Jo's bag.\" \"I ain't no fucking errand boy, Top.\" Grady growled at him. \"Do as I say or you'll find yourself with a few less teeth.\" He slid off the side of the tank and Jo watched as he walked towards the flaming ruin of the tank. She just stared at the flames and smoke coming out of it. She should have paid more attention, or at least have died with the rest of them. She didn't notice Grady had come back until he dropped her pack into her lap. Jo drew her legs up to her chest as much as she could with her pack and gun in her lap. Resting her elbows on her knees, she drew her helmet down over her face and held it there. She didn't know if she was going to cry or not, but if she did, she didn't want anyone to see it. Fury started down the road again and within minutes, Jo had fallen asleep.[Chapter 5] Jo was shocked awake. An explosion to her left rattled the tank and a body fell down on top of her. As far as she could remember, it was Grady, but she didn't know if he was still in one piece. She couldn't see or hear anything. Her helmet was still in front of her eyes and the explosion left her ears ringing. Jo managed to maneuver out from under Grady enough to pull her helmet back up to its proper place on her head. She looked at him and he didn't seem to have any injuries, but he looked terrified. After what had happened in the field, she wasn't surprised. She would be terrified too if she wasn't still trying to wake up. Her hearing was coming back and she managed to get her hands free. Grabbing the front of his jacket, Jo yelled at him, \"Are you okay?\" He nodded at her in response and pulled out of her grasp. Fury came to a standstill and her crew started to scramble. \"Shit! Not another fucking Tiger!\" Grady panicked. \"A mine.\" Don stated coolly. \"Where's it coming from?\" Grady was no longer on top of Jo. Instead, trying to look for a Tiger in the distance. \"Where?\" Bible asked, unclipping the .50 cal from its mount. \"Settle down. It's a mine. We hit a mine, is all.\" Don's words seeped into his crew and they all started to relax. Jo even let out a breath she didn't realize she was holding. \"Everybody off.\" She heard Boyd shout. Grady climbed down the side of the tank. \"Grady?\" \"Yeah, I'm off.\" He paused on the side of the tank. \"Shit.\" Jo rolled onto her back and just stared up at the sky listening to the crew around her. \"How bad is it?\" Don asked. \"It's broke as fuck. Broke a bogie, too.\" \"Can you fix it?\" \"Yeah, why not?\" Jo felt a rain drop hit her face as Don started ordering the men around. Just what she needed, more rain today. She was sick of the rain. It had been nothing but mud and rain since the ground thawed. Having her clothes soaked through was not a pleasant feeling. And she didn't like it when the mud tried to suck her boots off. It made her almost long for the days of the Dust Bowl in Oklahoma. The drought presented its own issues though. \"Why are you still on the tank? Didn't you hear the order to get off?\" Don asked, facing her from his hatch. Jo looked at him. \"Is the tank on fire or about to explode?\" \"No.\" \"Then give me a minute. Besides, you are still on it too.\" She focused back on the sky and clasped her hands together, resting them on her stomach. Don climbed out of his hatch, onto the turret, and then dropped down onto the back of the tank next to Jo. He looked up to the sky and then squatted down, looking at Jo. \"What's so interesting up there?\" \"Nothing. That's the point.\" Don glanced back up at the sky and back to Jo again. \"I don't get it.\" She eyed him and gave a sigh. \"It's just very serene and peaceful. There are no bombers flying above, no gunshots in the distance. The only noise is us and that's quieter than usual.\" She cast her eyes back up to the sky. \"I'm taking in the moment.\" \"Taking in the moment, huh? Well don't take too long. Never know when that troop formation is going to arrive and kill the rest of us.\" \"And it's gone. You had to ruin it, didn't you?\" She looked to Don again. \"We are here to fight a war, not sight see.\" Jo was about to respond when Grady interrupted them. \"It's an aid station. They all dead.\" Jo sat up. \"Did you say aid station?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Anything usable left?\" \"Fuck if I know. I don't know nothin' 'bout medicine.\" \"I'm going to go check for supplies.\" She said to Don before grabbing her things and sliding off the side of the tank. She landed on her feet harder than usual. Must still be worn out from before. Jo made her way over to the building and walked through the door and out of the rain. She stilled at what she saw before her. The sheer number of dead bodies riddled with bullet holes and missing limbs laid out on tables between bits of machinery. All the bits of bloodied gauze and instruments. It reminded her of the aid station she worked in before the SS captured her. The bodies also brought to mind the meaningless amount of death that happened over an hour ago. She was back in the field again already, looking at the burning tanks. Jo could taste the acid at the back of her throat as her stomach churned. She ran over to the nearest support pillar and let loose her stomach's contents, appropriately adding the smell of vomit to the already pungent smell of rotting bodies and maggots. Any distance her sleep had put between the battle and now was gone. She was once again exhausted and drained. This time though, she could cry. Jo crawled to the opposite side of the pillar and leaned heavily against it. She slid down it all the way to the floor as tears welled up in her eyes, and cried. She cried for the deaths of Binkowski, and Davis, and Peterson and their respective crews. She cried for the death of Irma, ruining any chances she had of regaining a family. She cried for the deaths of all the soldiers she had made friends with and died. She even cried for the deaths of her brothers and father, the grief of her past finally catching up to her. Jo wasn't sure how long or hard she cried, but sobs ripped through her body as she cried into her hands. Finally the tears stopped. She had a headache again and a nap would be remiss, there was no time for that. Jo gave a few shuddering breaths and pushed herself up off the floor. There was a tap nearby and she walked over to it. She turned it and at first nothing came out. She turned it some more and it started to drip. The drips turned into a slow trickle of water. It was enough for Jo to rinse the mud, blood, sweat, and tears from her face and hands. When she turned off the tap the floor was water stained. Cleaned and spent, Jo started to work on her initial goal: finding supplies. She walked past one of the bodies buzzing with flies to a supply tray. There wasn't anything salvageable there. She moved on to the next one and the next one. There weren't many supplies left, but she found a bottle of morphine, four gauze pads, two wrap bandages, some packing gauze, and a packaged thin glass tube that might come in handy. Jo left the aid station and schlepped through the mud to Fury . Don was standing on the ground behind Fury going through things strapped to the back of the tank. She leaned heavily against the back of the tank next to where he was working and looked at him. He paused in his work and looked her over. \"You look like shit.\" He stated, returning to the boxes. \"I feel like shit.\" He stopped what he was doing and started batting his hand around her face and head, not touching her. \"What are you doing?\" Jo pulled her head back and swatted his hand away. \"If you are testing my reflexes you better stop or I'll kick you in the balls.\" Don gave her an amused smile and returned to what he was doing. She watched him work. \"I've been half dead before and it didn't feel anywhere near as bad as this.\" Jo reached up to take her helmet off and noticed her hand was trembling. She held it in midair and looked at it curiously for a few seconds. \"Well that's new.\" \"What is?\" \"My hand's shaking.\" She held it out for him to see. She checked her other hand. \"Both of them are. Strange, it's never happened before.\" Don glanced at her hands, but continued with his work. \"What else is wrong with you? You said you feel like shit. What's off?\" \"Where do I begin?\" She took her helmet off and ran a hand through her hair. \"I feel empty. Like I'm a husk of myself. I'm light headed and I feel like a light breeze could blow me over. Worst of all, I don't care anymore.\" \"About what?\" \"Anything.\" That caught Don's attention. \"I mean, this is just a body.\" She gestured to herself. \"It breathes and moves and bleeds just like any other. What the fuck makes it so special? How is it any different from someone else's body? What the hell is this war even about? People killing people. For what? Because some fucking asshole thinks that certain people are better than others? Pointless. It's all fucking pointless. Let the Germans kill me, I don't give a shit. They've done enough other shit to me, killing me would be the nicest.\" Don was on his guard and Jo had no idea why. \"What's wrong?\" Suddenly Don tackled Jo to the ground, pinning her, and wrenched her bayonet out of her hand. Jo didn't even know how it got there. \"Boyd,\" he called, holding out the bayonet. Bible came over and took the knife. Don held Jo's hands down so she couldn't grab at any other weapons. He leaned over her so their faces were near each other. He started speaking to her in hushed tones. \"Your problem isn't that you don't give a shit. Your problem is that you care too much. We lost fifteen men back there. Ten of whom you knew probably better than any of us here. You've reached your breaking point. I've seen it happen time and time again. Don't think I don't know why you took so long in there. Now, what's going to happen after I let you up is you are going to surrender all of your weapons and ammunition and get on the back of the tank where you are out of everybody's way. My job is to keep my crew alive no matter what and if you get in the way of that I will not hesitate to put a bullet in you. Got it?\" She just stared up at him. Jo was positive half the things he said were true. The other half, she wasn't so sure off. She did know Davis and Binkowski's crews better than Don and company, even if they knew them longer. There was no way in hell she was broken though. The very idea infuriated her. It was better than not feeling anything at least. He shook her. \"Got it?\" \"Yes,\" she replied through gritted teeth. He sat up, still holding her hands down. \"When was the last time you ate? I know you didn't have lunch and you were easier than usual to take down, even with taking you by surprise.\" \"I had some crackers on the way here, but what's left of them is in there now.\" She tipped her head towards the building. \"When did you last eat something other than crackers?\" She tried to think. It had been a long time. \"I don't know.\" Don gave a sigh. \"I thought you had been looking thinner than usual lately. Get some rations in you when you get on the tank. It might stop the shaking and light headedness.\" \"I don't have any rations.\" \"Why not?\" \"Sgt. Dillard and his men steal them from me.\" \"Why?\" \"They are under the impression that because I'm shorter than most of them, I don't need the food as much. Not to mention that they want me dead. Heaven forbid that there be a woman on the frontlines fighting next to them.\" Don gave a frustrated growl. \"And you just let them do this to you?\" \"Now I do. Because then I at least get to keep the crackers. I used to fight them and get nothing along with a pistol pointed at my head if I didn't stop. We usually aren't at camp long enough for me to get something from the kitchens, so I would prefer to have scraps over nothing.\" He sighed. \"Why didn't you tell me this before?\" \"Because it didn't concern you and what would happen then? You would get me rations whenever I see you? They go through my bag and steal any extra food I manage to find every day. It wouldn't have worked and only have led to more trouble.\" He stared at her. \"I just opened a new crate of rations. Get a box out of there.\" He released her hands and stood up. Jo was slow getting to her feet. He grabbed her and started removing things, handing them to Bible. He took her gun, pack, and pistol. Don started unbuckling her pouch belt. \"Christ, I'm not five. I can undo my own buckles.\" \"You are right now,\" he said removing it and looking her in the eyes. Jo looked at him with a sad frustration and gave a sigh through her nose. She couldn't believe that he was doing this to her, treating her like a child. She was a grown ass woman that could take care of herself. She had done so for nearly a year now over here and she didn't need him to start babying her now. He took her holster too, and Jo was left with just her uniform and helmet. He turned her to face the tank and started frisking her. \"If you're looking for a blade in my boot, you are out of luck. I'm a soldier, not a spy. I don't have hidden weapons.\" When he finished, he turned her around again to face him. \"Up,\" he ordered gently, pointing at the tank. \"Canteen.\" She held out her hand. He grabbed her belt from Boyd and unclipped the canteen, handing it to her. Once it was in her hand, she turned around and walked towards the front of Fury . It was an easier climb up from there. She walked to the back of the tank and grabbed a box of rations, before settling herself down against the turret. Opening the box, she noticed it was a breakfast ration. Oh, well. Food was food. She dumped the contents into her lap. She pried the can opener off the bottom of the can and looked at the top. The protein of the day was chopped ham and eggs. She popped the top off and grabbed out a piece. It tasted disgusting cold, but Jo couldn't be bothered to heat it up right now. Besides, she was hungry enough, it didn't matter anyway. She opened a package of crackers to eat it with. Her mess kit was with Don and Boyd and she wasn't going to ask for that back too. Don probably wouldn't give it to her anyway, knowing him. Jo found herself surprisingly enjoying her breakfast for dinner, even if it was cold. She was done with the ham and eggs when Don climbed onto the tank and sat beside her. \"How do you feel?\" She held her hand out in front of her. It was steady. \"Better,\" she said through a mouthful of food. She swallowed. \"My hands aren't shaking anymore.\" \"Lightheadedness?\" \"Gone.\" \"Good.\" He dug in to his pocket and pulled something out. \"Eat this too.\" He handed it to her. It was his D ration chocolate bar. \"I don't want it.\" He looked at her. \"That wasn't a request.\" \"Fine. I'll eat it later.\" She stuffed it into a coat pocket. She held out her crackers to him, he stared at them. \"Commanders need to eat too. They aren't immune to everything, as much as they like to think they are.\" He looked to her and with a sigh, took one. Don settled back against the turret and ate his cracker. Jo took a swig of water from her canteen and offered it to Don. He took it, drank, and handed it back. She set the canteen aside and rested her head against Don's shoulder. They both just sat there, taking in the relative silence. It felt peaceful and safe for Jo, even if there were Nazi troops coming to try to kill them. \"I think a part of me might have died back there.\" Jo said, breaking the silence. \"On the field?\" \"When Murder Inc. got hit. Like I said, I saw it through the binoculars. I saw the muzzle flash and I looked to Mike and that was it. I thought I was a goner. But I opened my eyes and there I was, still on the road, still alive. I haven't been right since the adrenaline wore off, though. Not broken, but not right.\" \"I told you, you reached your breaking point.\" \"Then why aren't I crying for my mother and begging not to face the Nazis again like the rest of them?\" \"Different people break in different ways.\" He pulled out a cigarette and lit it. \"He kissed me.\" Jo was surprised when Don didn't tense at hearing that. \"Who? Mike?\" \"Yeah.\" \"He always was an asshole. You slap him?\" \"No.\" \"Why not?\" \"Dunno. Maybe I knew in my bones what was going to happen. In the grand scheme of things, a kiss doesn't matter.\" \"Did you like it?\" \"No.\" \"Then it's a moot point.\" He turned to the side of the tank and moved his feet off the side. \"How you boys doing down there?\" \"Be better if we didn't have to listen to you and Wonder Woman play house.\" Grady commented. \"Nobody's playing house. You just concentrate on getting us fixed up.\" He rested his elbow on the tank. Clearly he was staying over there. Jo sat back up all the way and looked down the road they had come along. It had been a long day. She gave a sigh and collected the things in her lap. Jo reached for her pack where it had been set on the back of the tank and put her things away. \"Can I have my gun back?\" \"No.\" Jo stretched then sat back down, crossing her legs. She saw Don turn his head and suddenly she heard Norman shout, \"Hey! Hey!\" Don slid off the side and Jo stood up to watch from where she was. \"Good evening, Norman. Why aren't you at your post?\" Norman was running towards him. \"Slow down.\" Don put a hand on Norman to get him to calm down a bit. Norman looked desperate and frightened. \"They're coming right now.\" \"Who's coming?\" \"The Germans!\" \"How many?\" The crew started to pay attention and stopped what they were doing. \"Too many. Too many to count.\" \"How many?\" \"About two, two maybe three hundred of them. They got vehicles too.\" Norman calmed a bit. \"Tanks?\" \"No, no, no, just trucks.\" Don looked down the road from where Norman came and wandered ahead of Fury a little way. \"Probably a bunch of bums looking to surrender, that's all.\" Grady added. \"No. No, no, no. They were marching. They were singing. They sounded like they wanted a fight.\" \"What do you mean they were singing?\" asked Grady. \"Where?\" Bible inquired. \"I'm telling you. Right over there.\" \"Hey, you hear that?\" Grady asked everyone. There was a faint sound of singing being carried on the wind. \"It's a goddamn SS battalion.\" Don confirmed, hands on his hips. \"Bullshit,\" commented Gordo. \"Excellent!\" Jo said. She knew she should be scared, but she had some revenge to enact and an SS battalion would be the perfect thing to execute it upon. Fury 's crew started to scramble about, collecting weapons, clothing, and tools. Don turned around as Bible started telling everybody what to do. \"We never run before, I ain't running now.\" Jo couldn't make out what Bible said. \"We're gonna fight it out. I'm gonna hold this crossroad.\" Grady was incensed. \"What you mean, you're gonna hold… The tank's busted! The tank's fucking busted, Top!\" Bible tried to stop Don as he walked towards Fury . \"Yeah you said that.\" Everyone started to fight with Don as he climbed across the tank and back where Jo was. Everyone stopped shouting when Bible interrupted. \"Stop! What are you doing?\" Jo moved out of the way as Don moved an ammo box. He stopped for a moment, thinking about what to do. \"Get out of here. Get to that tree line,\" he said loading the .50 cal. \"Boys, take care of yourselves. Get to that tree line.\" He looked at her. \"You too, Jo.\" \"No. I made a promise to you and I intend to keep it.\" He nodded at her and continued on. She stayed out of his way as he kept setting things up. He crouched down and looked to the crew. \"It's alright.\" Bible hummed his protest. \"'It's alright.'\" \"It's my home,\" Don replied, pounding a fist against Fury . Norman decided he was staying, climbing onto the tank, and the others followed suit. \"What's your plan?\" Bible asked, on board Fury . Don pounded his fist atop the turret. \"Get us one of them dead Krauts.\" He turned around to make more preparations. \"Can I have my gun back now?\" Jo asked. \"Yes.\" \"And my bayonet? You can keep the pistol. I don't really use it.\" \"You can have those too.\" Don turned towards Boyd. \"Bible, get Wonder Woman her weapons back. We're gonna need her if we want to make it out of this thing alive.\" \"You sure that's a good idea? After what happened earlier?\" \"She's fine now.\" Don looked at Jo. \"You're fine now, right?\" She nodded at him and he looked back at Bible. \"See? She's fine. Just get her her weapons.\" Bible gave Don an irritated look before entering the tank and coming back up with her weapons and pouch belt in hand. Jo took them from him and put the belt and holster back on and put the strap of the Thompson on her shoulder. She jumped off the side of the tank and walked around to the right side. Jo grabbed the shovel out of the hole under the track and started walking away from Fury. \"Where are you going?\" Don asked. Jo stopped and turned around. \"I'm going to go dig myself a hole for cover. We both know that there isn't room for six men in a tank, especially during battle.\" She gave him a sad smile and turned back around, continuing on her way. Jo stopped when she was about twenty yards away from Fury and walked into the brush on the side of the road. She crouched down, found a spot where she had a clear view of Fury, and started digging. The hole was barely a foot deep, just deep enough that she didn't stick up and had a little cover. She mounded the dirt she moved at the front of the little ditch for better cover. Jo grabbed some leaves and branches and scattered them on the side of the mound facing the road. Camouflage was key to her survival. She stuck some foliage in the netting on her helmet and laid down in her spot looking towards the tank. It was perfect. She had full view of Fury 's right flank and she could see through the tracks enough that she should be able to cover the left flank as necessary. \"Can you see me?\" She shouted out. \"No. Where are you?\" Don shouted back. \"Right flank. Twenty yards. About five o'clock.\" Jo could see Don searching for her. He was looking directly at her. \"I hear you, but I still don't see you.\" \"Good.\" She got up, grabbed the shovel, and walked back onto the road and towards Fury . \"You moonlight as a sniper?\" Don asked once Jo reached the tank and put the shovel down. \"What?\" She was confused. \"You got leaves in your helmet and can make one helluva hiding spot.\" He smiled, fingering some of the leaves in her helmet. \"Oh.\" She smiled to herself. \"How do you think I've stayed alive this long?\" \"Luck.\" He gave her a smile again. \"Ain't that the truth?\" She said with a laugh. \"Need any help up here?\" She asked looking around at the crew. He looked at the tank. \"No, I think we got it all handled.\" Don looked back to her. \"You sure you'll be alright out there?\" \"Yeah,\" she said looking him in the eyes. \"I'm not the target and I need to kill some Nazis for what they did. Besides, it's not anything I'm not used to. I was in a worse position in the beet field this morning. I've got ammo to keep the Panzerfaust off you.\" \"What'll you do once you run out?\" Jo hadn't thought that far ahead. \"I'll come join the tank. I'll knock on the hatch. It'll be a risk, but if they find me in the brush unarmed I'm as good as dead anyway.\" Don nodded his approval. \"Okay. Don't start shooting until we do, though. We don't need to ruin the element of surprise.\" \"Roger. Anything else?\" He grabbed the front of her jacket with both hands, pulled her close, and kissed her. It was long, slow, and passionate. It took her breath away. Don almost always took her breath away. Jo didn't know how or why, but she loved it and she loved him for it. Soft whoops, cheers, and clapping were coming from Fury 's crew. Jo pulled back and felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment as she looked at them. That was the first time she and Don had kissed in front of anyone. Don and Jo had made it a point not to be affectionate in front of other soldiers for everybody's sake. Don put a hand on her shoulder and with a finger of his other hand against her chin, turned her head back towards his. \"Ignore them.\" They kissed again. Don pulled back this time, moving his hands to the sides of her face. He rested his forehead against hers for a moment. Lifting his head again he looked Jo in the eyes. \"Stay alive.\" Jo gave him a short kiss. \"You too.\" She gave him a smile and turned, walking away. She stopped midstride and turned back around. Don was still standing there, watching her walk away. \"Make sure that if Grady gets out of the tank he doesn't have a Kraut helmet on. I don't need to accidently shoot him.\" He nodded to her. Jo turned back to her hiding spot and continued on her way.[Chapter 6] She got comfortable in her ditch. Jo had cut some branches and pulled them on top of herself for better coverage. Fury looked like she had already been attacked and her crew destroyed with the flaming debris Don had set up in front. Now they just had to wait for the Nazis to come. War was like that, a lot of hurry up and wait. Hurry, make it to this place as fast as you can. Now wait for the enemy and try not to get yourself killed. Thinking about it now, life was a bunch of hurry up and wait. On the farm it was hurry up and plant the seeds. Then you had to wait for the harvest to come. With the army, it was hurry up and finish your schooling, then wait to be trained and deployed. In the aid stations it was hurry up and patch the men up, then wait to see if they pulled through, died, or made it to a real hospital. Jo was getting sick of hurry up and wait. The anticipation was making her stomach churn with nervousness. It was almost dark. She just wanted the SS battalion to get here already so she could kill as many of the fuckers as possible. The sound of singing got louder and Jo could see in the distance that they had turned the corner. They were finally heading this way. She felt herself smile as she looked down her gun at them. The bastards were going to die and they weren't going to know what hit them. All of her nervous energy turned into excitement. Her heart beat faster and her fingers twitched in anticipation. Jo wiggled further down into the dirt as the soldiers got closer. It took all her effort not to laugh out loud. She was positively giddy. It should have worried Jo that she was so happy about the fact that she was going to kill Nazis, it didn't though. Might as well enjoy what time she had left to live. Three hundred Nazis versus six Americans and a tank weren't very good odds. Though the tank did help even the playing field a little. By now the battalion was within one hundred yards of the tank. Their singing was louder than ever. Jo couldn't understand what they were singing. She couldn't understand half of the singing she heard in English, let alone German. Suddenly the singing stopped. An officer and a small squad split off from the rest of the battalion and advanced ahead. Fuck. Jo took a deep breath and focused herself. The giddiness died down inside her and a seriousness took over as hatred swirled about in her bloodstream. She watched as the soldiers circled around Fury and got closer to her position. With slow movements, she flicked the safety off and put her finger on the trigger. Wait. Just wait. None of the approaching soldiers had Panzerfaust, only rifles. The climbed onto Fury and Jo's heart started to race with adrenaline. There were Nazis all over her beloved tank and it seemed like an insult to let them be there, but Don's orders held strong. No firing until they do. She watched as Norman's hatch was open. Jo could see the alarm in the sudden stiffness of the Nazi's body and then all hell broke loose. Norman perforated the Nazi with bullets and grenades blew the rest of them off the tank. Jo gave a soft low chuckle as she watched the rest of the troops scatter like ants from a boot. Maybe their chances for survival were higher than she first anticipated. None of them had come near her position yet, and there weren't any Panzerfaust she could see. Jo wanted so bad to just run out into the road and gun them all down, but that would get her killed. Her trigger finger was getting itchy. Bible pounded one out at a truck coming towards the tank, diverting it. Another shot destroyed the truck completely as more Nazis ran for cover. It was a beautiful sight. Jo's heart sung with joy and she had to tell herself not to cheer. For all intents and purposes, she wasn't there until Panzerfaust were. There were red tracers flying to the left as the Nazis ran into the field for cover, and a WP shot from Fury 's cannon lit up the former aid station. Another, and the rats scurried. Jo saw about a dozen men heading in her direction. Finally . She turned her gun on them and killed them all, finishing the ammo in her magazine. She pulled open her ammo pouch and grabbed another magazine. Jo shoved it into her gun and pulled back the loading bolt. She had ninety rounds of ammo left and she had to spend them wisely. Jo focused back on the task at hand. Night had fallen, but tracers, white phosphorus, and explosions lit up the sky enough that she could clearly see what was going on. Explosion after explosion went off as Bible shot the tank's cannon, mowing down the assholes in the field. All at once, the guns on Fury stopped firing. What the hell happened? Hatches opened up on the tank and smoke grenades were thrown out. They must have run out of ammo. \"Goddamn it, Don!\" Jo growled under her breath. Smoke grenades may have made it harder for Jerry to see them, but it also made it harder for her to see them. There was a bullet ricochet off the side of the tank. Jo scanned where it could have come from and saw a soldier laying on the ground nearby. She trained her gun on him. The sound of gunshots came from Fury and Jo took out the soldier. There were other Krauts rushing towards the tank and she gave cover fire. Jo went through two more magazines before Fury 's crew was safely ensconced back in the tank. She let out a sigh of relief. Thankfully no one could see her position through the brush, the dark, and a fence, or so she thought. The gunfire had stopped completely and Jo heard a branch crack close to her right. She turned her head and there was a Luger pointed at her. \"Hands up.\" The officer ordered in German. Slowly, not panicking, Jo pulled her hands away from her gun and held them up in the air. \"On your knees.\" She sat upright, eyeing the gun over her shoulder. Quickly, she reached out and grabbed the gun and his wrist, pulling him forward and into the ground. She bent his wrist around, pointing the gun at his chest, and shot him once. That was all it took. \"Asshole.\" She stuffed the Luger into her belt and was back on her gun. In the brief moment that the Nazi officer had distracted her, Panzerfaust laden soldiers started surrounding the tank. Jo took aim and shot as many of them as she could see until she ran out of ammo. She scrambled to her feet, leaving the Thompson there, and started running towards Fury . Blood pumping, she pulled the Luger out of her belt and aimed it at a rocket toting soldier. Running made her miss and he shot off his rocket. Thankfully, it ricocheted off the side of the tank. Reaching the back of Fury , she crouched down and shot him. The right flank was clear now. She checked the left. She saw two soldiers and shot them both dead. The Luger was empty. She dropped it on the ground and pulled herself up the back of the tank. Jo saw her pack still sitting on the back of the tank. She grabbed it and crouched down behind the turret. Jo flattened her upper body on top of the turret and hammered on Don's hatch. His periscope turned until it faced her. She gave a little wave of her fingers and a smile. The hatch popped open and Don's face appeared, looking up at her. \"Get inside!\" She reached back and grabbed her pack, thrusting it towards the opening. \"Take this first.\" He pulled the bag in and let it fall to the floor. \"Now get insi-\" The sound of bullets bouncing off the tank cut him off. Jo pushed Don's head down inside the tank and slid back off the turret. \"Stay down!\" Jo shouted to the tank's occupants. She stayed crouched in the cover of the turret and pulled out her pistol. She wondered if Don was okay. She had to push him down, he didn't fall, so he should be fine, but it's hard to tell in the heat of battle sometimes. Bullets stopped coming, but the sound of running footsteps could be heard. Jo stood up and found her target. A solder was running towards the back of the tank on the right side. She emptied her gun at him, hitting nothing but air. She would yell at herself later for missing him, but right now she didn't have time. He had reached the back of the tank and was trying to climb up. She threw her pistol at him, it hit him in the face. It only slowed him down for a second. He continued climbing. Jo made to kick him in the face, but he grabbed her leg mid swing and pulled her down. She held onto the tank for dear life as he tried dragging her off the side. It felt like her arms were going to rip off, or at the very least, dislocate. When yanking her didn't work, he started climbing up her. Jo's heart was thrumming with adrenaline. In all her experiences, nobody had ever tried to use her as a ladder before. Once his head reached her waist, she elbowed him hard in the face. Bad move. Jo missed his eye, trying not to hit the helmet, and hit him in the cheek instead. She clutched her hurt elbow as he started to stand up on the tank. When his groin was eye level, Jo decided to headbutt him. That knocked him back down on the tank and she pulled herself up. She started climbing up onto the turret and he grabbed her boot. Jo fell forward and the force of her hitting the top of the tank knocked her helmet off into the tank. Her eyes locked with Don's before she was dragged back away from the hatch. The Nazi pulled her completely off the turret and Jo hit her face hard against the back when her shoulders slipped off. She was dazed as he yanked her to her feet and turned her to face him. He was a big motherfucker. She didn't even know the Germans grew them that big. \"Do you need help?\" Jo heard Don call from the tank. \"No! Stay in–\" The rest of her sentence was cut off by a right hook to the face. It felt like she was smacked in the face by a brick. Her legs fell out from under her, but the Nazi's hold on her jacket kept her dangling in the air. She could taste blood and her left eye wouldn't stop watering, but that was the least of her worries right now. He put his other hand on her jacket and held her up close to his face, inspecting her. She used the distraction to fumble for her bayonet. Jo got it out of its sheath and gripped it in her hand. She swung her arm around and managed to slice him deeply across the face. He dropped her with a yelp of pain and grabbed at his face. She landed mostly on the turret and scrambled backwards towards the hatch. Jo didn't realize how close she was to the hatch already and she dropped her knife as her hand went through the hole. She started falling backwards in, but was stopped by a hand on her boot. The Nazi started dragging her back towards him, but Don grabbed her under the shoulders this time. She felt like she was being ripped in half as the two men played tug-o-war with her. Trying to kick his hands off her boot, Jo realized the Nazi had his fingers stuck in her laces. Nothing short of a knife was going to get them out of there until he wanted them out. He gave a big yank with both arms that pulled her mostly out of the hatch. Only Jo's head and shoulders were left inside the tank thanks to Don hanging on. The man clambered onto the turret without letting go of Jo. There wasn't room for anyone to try to shoot him through their hatch with Don and Jo in the way and the .50 was blocking the other hatch. He pinned Jo's ankles down with his legs. She let out a small gasp of pain. He weighed a ton. Jo was surprised her ankles didn't break underneath him. She tried struggling to no avail. Between him and Don, she was stuck. Jerry crept forward slowly, looking especially menacing with a bloody hole in his face, exposing some teeth. Fear and panic finally overtook Jo. She wasn't sure if he was moving that slow or if time slowed down. Jo was petrified as he came closer. She had no idea what he was going to do to her, but she was certain she was going to die. He looked to Don, then to Jo, and reached an arm out, closing the hatch on her. Jo let out a low grunt as all the air was forced out of her lungs and a searing pain spread across her left side. The bastard had crushed her with the hatch lid. She felt the pressure on her ankles go away and the pain in her ribs eased a little as the hatch was lifted. Jo took as deep a breath as she could before the hatch came down on her again, this time with more force. She could hear the sickening crack of her ribs breaking as well as feel it. She tried gasping for air, but nothing but pain happened when she did. The lid lifted and closed on her two more times before Don let go of her and struggled to open it. He managed to shoulder it open and pulled out his revolver. He let out two rounds and that was it. It was over. She felt the bulk of the man outside fall onto her legs and then slip off the side of the turret. Jo still couldn't breathe, though. She gasped and gasped, but no air would go into her lungs. She imagined that it must be like how a fish out of water feels. Gills flapping, but no air coming in. Don raised out of the tank a little to better grab her and pulled her in. Just after his head was back in the tank, there was a gunshot outside and Jo's right shin felt like it was on fire. She would have screamed out in pain if she could. Instead, both her eyes let loose tears of pain. Jo wasn't sure if there was a part of her body that wasn't in pain anymore. He pulled her the rest of the way into the tank and gently set her on the floor. He pulled the hatch shut above him and looked down at Jo. She knew that look. It was the look you give to a dying man before you tell him he will be fine and he dies of his injuries. She had given that look to so many men she knew it by heart. She wasn't going to stand for it. He wasn't going to give her that look. She may be dying and gasping for air, but she wasn't going to die here, not if she had anything to say about it. Jo looked around with her good eye for her pack, her left eye having swollen shut. She spotted it and reached out for it. It was just out of reach. She tried her hardest to reach for it, but couldn't. That was it. She made it this far and she was going to die in this tank all because she couldn't move five fucking inches closer to reach it. She closed her eye in defeat and listened to the sound of her gasping echo in the tank. Suddenly she felt something heavy being gently placed in her hand. Jo opened her eyes. Bible had set her bag in her hand. She twitched a smile at him and pulled it in to herself, setting it on her lap. She fumbled with the clasps, she couldn't get them open. Don reached down and opened them for her. Jo reached into one of the pockets and pulled out a handful of sulfonamide packets and a roll of gauze and threw them at Bible. She pointed to her leg and he got to work. She pulled out the package with the glass tube and opened it. Half of it was shattered and perfect for her needs. She grabbed the intact half of the tube, yanked down the collars of her jacket and shirts and stabbed the sharp end of the tube into her chest. Some blood came out at first, but a second later she was able to breathe again. Hallelujah, she wasn't going to asphyxiate on her blood. At least not yet. She would need medical attention eventually, but for now she would survive. Jo took a few deep, painful breaths before reaching into her pack again and pulling out a packet of premeasured dosages of morphine. She took one out and stabbed it into her arm. Her eye fluttered shut a few moments later with the sweet feeling of pain relief. She was still in pain, no doubt, but it was nowhere near as intense anymore. Jo opened her eye again and looked up at Don. She smiled at him. \"I made it.\" \"You made it this far. We aren't out of the woods yet.\" He smiled down at her. \"Done.\" Bible said, releasing Jo's leg. She forgot he was even patching it up. Jo lifted it in the air as best she could to look at his handiwork. He did a good job. Suddenly, the tank rocked with an explosion and there was a hole in the tank and Grady, sparks flying everywhere. Grady's body fell to the floor of the tank and Boyd was over to him immediately. They all knew he was dead as Bible cried over his body. War was funny like that. It gives you hope one second, then takes it away and reminds you where you are the next. \"Get up! We're still in this fight!\" Don shouted at him. \"We're still in this fight!\" Bible put a jacket over Grady's face and Jo stuck another measure of morphine into her arm. The relief was blissful, dulling the pain of her injuries even further. \"Watch our right. Watch our right.\" Don ordered. Norman fired his gun at the enemy and Bible was at his gun again. The sound of it brought back a weird sense of nostalgia in Jo. It had been a long time since she was inside a tank in battle. She missed it. It was one of those things you never realized you missed until you were back there again. The pings of bullets and shrapnel hitting the sides of the tank instilled a sense of calm in Jo. She closed her eye and took in all the sounds and the smell of gunpowder. Maybe dying in the tank wouldn't be such a bad thing after all? As long as it was quick. Suffocation and fire were not routes she wanted to take to death. A bullet in the head would be nice. She would be dead before she even knew it. Jo pulled herself from her morbid thoughts, it must have been the morphine's fault. It always made her contemplate death a little more than usual. Probably because she was usually close to dying when she needed it. The guns in Fury stopped firing and Jo opened her eye. Norman and Bible were both out of ammo. \"That's all there is.\" Don stated. \"Don't get your panties in a bunch. We still got hand weapons and the .50.\" He glanced down at Jo. She could see he put on his poker face of 'everything is going to be alright.' \"Who's with me?\" He looked in his periscope and started shouting out orders to the remaining crew. \"What do you want me to do?\" Jo asked Don. \"You?\" He looked down at her again. \"I want you to lay there and concentrate on staying alive. Think you can handle that?\" \"Yes, sir.\" She gave him a sad smile. When he returned it, Jo knew that all hell was going to break loose even more than it already had. He was on the war path, so to speak, and nothing was going to stop him now. Not even her. Jo turned her head and spotted her bayonet and helmet lying on the floor nearby. She grabbed them both, she was probably going to need them soon. \"Here we go boys.\" Don opened his hatch and looked out. When he got out, Bible stepped over her to take his place and everybody else was standing out of their hatches. There was an eerie quiet in and around the tank. It put Jo on edge even through her drug addled haze. Bullets started hitting the hull of the tank, the suddenness of it made Jo flinch. Everyone but Don was back inside the tank. Bible even landed on her good leg he came back in so fast. \"Sorry.\" \"It's okay.\" They all went back out just as quickly as they came in and the sound of the .50 was like music in her ears. Bible climbed out of the tank suddenly and Jo took the opportunity to get herself out of the way. She pulled herself up the side of the turret basket and deposited herself in the gunner's chair. Putting her eye to the scope, she watched as the Nazis were gunned down. Jo was distracted when she heard Norman shout, \"Grenade!\" She looked towards the front of the tank and saw Gordo grab a grenade that had fallen onto the center console and fold himself over it. Next thing she knew, Gordo was dead and Norman was climbing out of the tank. There she was, sitting by herself inside a tank, with nothing but a bayonet to protect herself. Jo felt completely helpless. A bayonet wasn't going to do her much good in or out of a tank at this point. \"What the fuck are you doing? Button up!\" She heard Don shout from above. Bible dove head first into the tank, landing hard, and Norman climbed back into his seat. At least she wasn't alone anymore. She put her eye back to the scope and smoke blocked her view of anything outside. Jo could hear Don taunting the Germans outside and would have chuckled if it weren't for the fact that he was so exposed on the .50. \"Bible, Grenades!\" Boyd grabbed the bag of grenades and made his way to the hatch. \"Here, take-\" He stopped talking suddenly and fell back into the tank. \"Bible?\" Jo asked, turning her head to look at him. He looked like he was asleep except for the bloody hole in his face. \"Shit.\" Jo realized that the chances of them getting out of there alive were getting slimmer and slimmer with each passing moment. At least they had all died quick deaths so far and not suffered. It was her job to patch people up, but it was awful watching someone suffering while they died. The people she knew she couldn't save. Don let out a shout of pain and the .50 stopped firing. Jo was petrified with the idea that Don might be dead. Bullets hitting the tank again brought her out of her reverie and she looked to Norman. He was looking at her with the same shocked look on his face she was sure her face would have if it were in working order. Chances were they were the only two left alive, in which case they would both be dead soon anyway. Jo couldn't fend off anyone if she tried and Norman's grease gun only had so many bullets left till it ran empty. She let out a shuddered breath and leaned her forehead against the scope, resigning herself to the idea of dying. The sound of boots entering the tank filled her with dread. She didn't bother looking over to see who her killer was. \"Kill us quickly.\" She said to the man in German. \"Are you really so quick to give up?\" Don asked her. Jo turned her head to face him so fast, she nearly gave herself whiplash. \"You're alive!\" She breathed. \"Not for long.\" He fell down to the bottom of the tank and Jo spotted the bleeding bullet holes in his jacket. Jo willed herself into action, ignoring all the pain in her body. She grabbed her bag and hobbled over to him, kneeling between his legs. \"I didn't come this far and stop myself from suffocating only to let you die.\" She pulled out gauze pads, sulfa drugs, long wrap bandages, morphine, and her bayonet. \"And we promised each other, if I'm alive you're alive, if you're alive I'm alive.\" She quickly unzipped his coat and ripped open his shirt. She used her bayonet to cut at his undershirt to get at his wounds. \"Lean forward.\" He did as he was told to the best of his ability. Jo ran her hands across his back and sides and couldn't find an exit wound to any of the bullets. That meant she only had to work on stopping the bleeding from his chest. \"Lean back again.\" She wasn't sure about the internal damage of his wounds, but based on the bleeding, nothing vital was hit. \"Sniper?\" Jo asked as she poured a sulfa pack into a bullet hole and pressed a gauze pad to the worst wound. \"Yeah.\" \"Well he didn't want you dead. If he did he would have shot you in the head. He missed your heart and major arteries. Sorry to tell you this, but you are going to be fine.\" \"Until the Nazis storm the tank.\" \"Yeah, until they storm the tank.\" She grabbed his gun out of his shoulder holster. \"Take this. Keep us alive a little bit longer.\" He took the gun out of her hand and she wrapped up the first hole. Don gave a grunt of pain. \"Sorry.\" She grabbed the morphine and gave him a dose. Don started talking to Norman and Jo kept up her work. They could all hear someone climbing up the side of the tank. The hatch above Don opened up and he shot the Nazi looking in. \"Norman, open the emergency hatch now.\" Jo ordered. \"His name's Machine, now.\" She put the finishing touches on Don's bandages. \"What?\" \"His name's Machine, now.\" \"Shut up.\" Jo heard the hatch open. \"Up. I can't carry you with my injuries, but I can at least help you.\" She put his hands on her shoulders, moved his legs under him, and grabbed at the waistband of his pants. \"I'm gonna pull you up on the count of three. One, two, three.\" She pulled Don up and he was fine once he got on his feet. \"Norman, go through the hatch and help Don on his way out. Then I'll be right out after you two.\" Norman did as ordered. \"You first.\" Don protested. \"No. The deadest person is the last to go right now and I don't trust you to follow us out if I leave you here.\" She guided Don to the hatch and Norman took over from there. Jo waited patiently for Don to be clear of the hatch before she started gingerly lowering herself through the hatch. She had one leg firmly planted on the ground when she heard metallic thuds to her right. Two stick grenades were dropped into the tank. She lowered herself as quick as she possibly could. Her upper body was out of the tank and she pulled her arms through, all that was left inside was her head. She started to lower it out when the grenades went off. The left side of her head slammed into the side of the emergency hatch and everything went black. Her body fell limply to the ground.[Chapter 7] Jo was awake before she realized it. Her left hand felt warm and heavy, her entire body hurt, and wherever she was stunk of disinfectant. Jo opened her eyes and closed them again immediately. The light hurt her eyes eliciting a moan of pain from her and she brought her right hand up to her eyes. She could feel a bandage going around her head and some bandaging from just above her right temple to just below her right cheek. Jo didn't remember getting hurt in either place. Now that she thought about it, there was a throbbing in both places. She opened her eyes again, this time with her hand firmly blocking light out. Jo slowly spread her fingers out as she got used to the light, eventually removing her hand entirely. Looking to her left, Don was sitting in a wheelchair holding her hand. \"You're awake,\" he said to her with a smile. She couldn't hear him with her right ear. \"You're alive.\" She smiled back at him. \"Thanks to you. Doctor said I would be dead if you hadn't patched me up.\" \"That's what I'm trained to do. Why are you in a wheelchair? Surely, you can walk?\" \"Yeah. I can walk. I just get a little lightheaded from the effort, so they are forcing me to use a wheelchair until I'm healed a little more.\" \"Makes sense. Don't need you busting the stitching on a blood vessel. Where are we anyway?\" \"Somewhere in the Atlantic, on an ocean liner retrofitted to be a temporary hospital ship.\" \"A hospital ship,\" she mumbled to herself, mulling it over. To her it had been seconds ago that she was in Fury being shot at by Nazis. To be on a hospital ship meant they were going back to America, but France would have been where they were sent to be hospitalized. \"What about France?\" \"We were in France for a few days and then they started to send everyone home.\" \"What? Why? Aren't we needed in Germany?\" \"You know better than I, anyone that makes it to a real hospital is a lost cause for the battlefield. Besides, the Germans officially surrendered this morning.\" \"There is no fucking way Hitler surrendered.\" \"He didn't. He shot himself just over a week ago.\" \"Figures he shot himself. The fucking coward. Wait, over a week ago?! How long have I been out?\" \"Twelve days.\" \"Twelve days? No wonder you sounded relieved when I woke up.\" Jo pulled her hand out of Don's grip and pushed herself up to reposition herself. Instantly she tensed as pain went shooting through her side from her broken ribs. She gently lowered herself back down. \"Twelve days apparently isn't long enough for my ribs to feel a little better.\" \"They haven't been giving you any morphine.\" \"Obviously. What happened after I got you out of the tank?\" \"You started to get out and were almost fully out when there was an explosion from the tank. You just collapsed towards the front of the tank. I thought you were dead for sure. A Nazi looked under the tank and pulled you out while Machine and I played dead. Next thing I knew he was shouting to the others that you were alive. They brought a litter over, put you on it, and took you with them.\" \"They didn't bother checking you two?\" \"No. I think they were so distracted by you they forgot about us. I was positive you would be dead in the hands of the Germans, but here you are.\" \"What the fuck? Wait a minute. If the Germans took me, then how did I get back with the Americans?\" \"Captain Waggoner took his men through the crossroads and intercepted the Germans on the way. They found you alive and put you in an ambulance. They had a helluva time getting me out from under the tank. I was stiff and the morphine had worn off.\" He smiled to himself. \"They had to sort of shove a litter half under me and pull me out that way. It hurt like hell and they got dirt up my shirt and jacket because you didn't tuck it back in.\" \"Sorry. Next time we are both dying slowly trapped in a tank by Nazis and have to make a quick escape I'll be sure to tuck your shirt back in so you don't get dirt up it.\" Don chuckled at her and Jo smiled at him. \"Anyway, they were pulling me out and I just started to laugh. I don't know why. Maybe it was relief that I was alive or maybe I was delirious or something. But I somehow found the whole thing funny.\" \"Sounds hilarious.\" Jo replied dryly. \"Actually, sounds like what happened with me in the field. Question.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Is this ear bandaged or something?\" She pointed to her right ear. \"Because I can't hear a damn thing out of it.\" \"Doctors said that the explosion burst your eardrum or something like that.\" \"Did they happen to mention if the hearing loss is permanent or not? I don't think I could handle going through life half deaf suddenly.\" \"I don't know.\" \"Figures.\" Jo looked up at the ceiling and a silence fell between them. A sudden itch caused Jo's left leg to jerk to the right. She clutched her ribs in pain as she reached down with the other hand to itch. It wasn't until she was settled back in and her pain dulled that Jo realized her left leg should have collided with her right when she twitched. Jo glanced down at the blanket covering her legs. She started at her thighs and scanned down. Everything looked fine when she reached her knees. Going a few inches farther was when things started to look strange. Several inches below her right knee the blanket had a slight bulge and everywhere after that was empty on the right side. She looked to her left toes, back to the empty area where her right toes should have been, and back to her left toes again. Jo fixated on the spot where her right foot and toes should have been and just stared. Surely somebody was playing a joke on her. Why would she need to have her leg amputated? She was only shot. Maybe her eyes were playing tricks on her. \"Is it just me or does it look like I only have half of a right leg?\" Don glanced over. \"It's not just you.\" Jo threw back the bedsheets and took a gander. There it was in all its stubby glory. There was no hole in the mattress with her leg sticking through, playing a joke on her. There were just bandages that replaced where her leg should be beyond her knee. She stared at the empty space on the bed, still not quite believing it. She tried to wiggle her missing toes just to see what the sensation would feel like. Nothing. It just stopped completely. 'Huh.\" It was strange, but not unfamiliar. She couldn't feel the area around her waist either, but it didn't hinder her any and she had gotten used to it. She would get used to this too. \"You aren't freaking out. Why aren't you freaking out?\" Jo turned her attention to Don with an incredulous look on her face. \"When have you ever known me to freak out?\" \"After that battle.\" \"No, I wouldn't consider that a freak out. That was more in line with an emotional breakdown. And beating on Grady and Miles was lashing out.\" \"My mistake. In that case, I can't recall.\" Jo smirked at Don and looked back at her leg. \"I can see that it's missing, and I feel that it's missing, but something in me is telling me it can't be missing. That it's there, but not accessible. So don't discount me freaking out later. It just hasn't clicked, yet.\" \"I've seen men twice the size of you freak out about losing a limb.\" \"Yes and how many of them weren't in severe pain and just had their limbs blown off by a grenade? I woke up to a missing limb instead. I've seen men with all their limbs freaking out thinking something is gone, and I've seen men missing parts perfectly calm as they are bleeding out. Much like breaking, everybody has a different reaction when it happens. Right now, mine is to stare at the empty spot and imagine it's all a sick joke. What's your point?\" Jo stared at Don, irritated. She knew he was trying to get a rise out of her. Don was about to respond when a nurse walked into the room. \"Sgt. Collier, it's time for you to go back to your own room now.\" She walked around the front of the bed to wheel Don out of the room. \"Can I have some morphine?\" Jo asked. The nurse startled. \"Oh! You're awake. I'll go get the doctor.\" She walked right back out of the room, leaving Don there. \"I guess that's a no. Does she come to collect you every night?\" \"Yes. Why?\" \"She's cute with her red hair and freckles.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"It means she's cute and you should go after her.\" \"Why would I want to do that?\" He asked, incensed. Jo was confused. \"I thought our relationship, if you want to call it that, was exclusively war related. Both of us went into this for some comfort and sex in a hell hole, or at least so I thought, and neither of us expected to make it out of the war alive. Now, as far as we are concerned, the war is over and we are both still alive. The slate is clean and you can have any woman you want. So if you want to go after her, go after her.\" Don was silent a moment. \"I'm confused. Are you breaking up with me?\" \"I wouldn't call it breaking up. We never actually dated.\" \"Whatever,\" he brushed the words out of the air with his hand. \"Are you ending whatever it is we have?\" He stared intently at her. \"Jesus Christ!\" She scrubbed her hand down her face and the nurse came back in, followed by the doctor. The nurse grabbed the back of Don's chair and started to pull him away. \"We'll finish this tomorrow.\" He looked surly as he was wheeled out. The doctor came over to her bedside and grabbed her charts off the bedside table, flipping through them. If she had known they were just sitting there, she would have had Don grab them for her. He held them in his lap as he sat down in a chair next to her bed. \"Jo, I'm Dr. Lippmann.\" Jo snorted. \"Great. I'm on the way back to the U.S. and German doctors are still doing shit to me,\" She mumbled to herself, but loud enough that he could clearly hear her. \"I'm sorry?\" He asked confused, while fiddling with his horn-rimmed glasses. \"I was born and raised in America. I'm second generation as a matter of fact.\" \"Good for you! And I'm first, but that doesn't really fucking matter does it?\" Lippmann looked taken aback. \"Are you my primary?\" \"Primary what?\" \"'Primary what,' holy shit! Primary doctor.\" \"Oh. Uh, yes, yes, I am.\" Oh god, he is flustered. He must be a new doctor. That or he isn't used to treating patients who swear at him, especially women. \"Then as my primary doctor can you give me some morphine? Because it hurts to breathe.\" \"Yes, just give me a second to call the nurse in.\" He stood up, scrapping his chair against the floor. Jo rolled her eyes. \"Oh, for fuck sake. Just give me the damn bottle and syringe. I'll do it myself.\" \"I'm not permitted to-\" \"I'm a nurse. I know how to dose it. I'll give myself a little now and then you can bring in the other nurse to put it on a drip.\" She gave him an irritated smile. He nodded at her. \"Okay.\" Lippmann went to the cabinet in the corner and pulled out a bottle and syringe, bringing them back over to Jo. \"Here you go.\" Jo pulled a small amount of morphine out of the bottle into the syringe and knocked the air bubbles out of it. She pushed the needle into her vein and slowly sank the plunger. There was less morphine running through her than one of the premeasured doses she used in the field. It wasn't much, but it would do. She settled a little as the pain eased off. \"Now we can talk.\" \"Right.\" He sat back down in his chair and pulled it close again. The doctor was about to speak, when Jo interrupted him. \"Who was the douche nozzle that decided to chop my leg off? Was it you?\" The doctor visibly swallowed and paled. \"It was you, wasn't it?\" He gave a meek nod and Jo grabbed him by the tie, pulling his face closer to hers. \"Why the fuck did you cut off my leg?\" She asked in a deadly calm voice. \"I personally didn't cut it off. The orthopedic surgeon did.\" \"Fine. Why did you two decide to cut off my leg?\" She twisted his tie in her fist some. \"There was an infection.\" He flinched a little. \"Sulfa drugs were poured into it.\" Jo shook him by the tie. \"The bone. The bone was infected. The bullet shattered a part of it. There was no way to clean it out. He had to remove your leg to stop the infection from spreading and killing you.\" She narrowed her eyes at the man and released him, satisfied with the answer. \"What the hell else is wrong with me?\" He glanced down at her charts again. \"You have a perforated eardrum which is expected to heal with minimal hearing loss. You suffered burns to the upper right quadrant of your face, scarring is expected. You have three broken ribs on your left side and your left lung suffered bruising and a small puncture which has been fixed. Lastly is your leg, which you've already noticed.\" \"I think you are glossing over some head injury there, Doc.\" \"Oh, right. Yes. You suffered a blow to the left side of your head. It caused a coma, which you have woken from, and cracked your skull. We don't expect any long term side effects.\" He put the clipboard down and looked at Jo. \"If you weren't wearing that helmet, you'd probably be dead.\" \"Well aren't I lucky.\" She stated sarcastically. \"Have anything else to add?\" \"No.\" \"Then just go and send in the nurse.\" He sighed. \"Fine.\" He stood up and put the chair back where it belonged. He walked to the door and opened it. He paused. \"For whatever it's worth, I am sorry about your leg.\" Jo ignored him and he left without another word. Finally alone in the room, Jo took in her surroundings. The walls and floor were whitewashed steel and there were a handful of beds in the room, all empty. Probably a women only room. There was a window to her left. Waves splashed up on it. She stared out the window until she heard the door open. The same nurse from before came in. \"How are you feeling?\" She asked walking over to Jo's bedside. \"As well as can be expected.\" The nurse pulled out the necessary supplies. \"That Sergeant, he really cares for you. He's been here every day since he was cleared to move about. You must have taken good care of him.\" \"What?\" She stopped in her work and looked at Jo. \"You're a nurse. I saw your tags. You must have taken good care of his wounds for him to be that smitten with you.\" She continued on and stuck the morphine drip into Jo's arm. \"I wish I were lucky enough to have a dashing soldier sweep me off my feet.\" The nurse looked lost in thought before she suddenly became panic stricken. \"Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to offend you. The whole feet thing when you are missing a leg.\" Her face was bright red with embarrassment complimenting her hair and freckles. \"It's fine. No need to apologize.\" Jo cut off the woman's babbling. \"Thank you!\" She started to compose herself again. \"Is there anything else you need?\" \"Do you have a mirror?\" Jo asked, not expecting one. The nurse thought for a second and walked over to the cabinet on the corner. She rifled through the shelves and drawers and came up with a hand mirror. \"Here you go,\" she said, handing the mirror to Jo. Jo took the mirror and held it up. She was never the prize cow in her opinion, but she looked like shit even by her standards. Her jaw and eye were covered in faded yellow and green bruises and most everywhere else was covered in bandages. She started to remove the bandage near her right eye. The mirror tilted up slightly as she pulled at the tape and she saw her hair. Jo stopped immediately and looked at her hair. It was far too long and starting to show waves. She was mortified. Jo fingered her hair just to see if it was really that long. It was. How many weeks overdue was it for a cut? Two? Three? She wasn't exactly sure when the last time she cut it was at this point, but it needed to be rectified. Now. Jo turned to the nurse. \"Is there a bathroom with a mirror and do you have scissors?\" She clearly took the nurse by surprise. \"Uh…I'm not sure. Let me check.\" The nurse walked over to a door Jo didn't even notice was there and opened it, sticking her head in. \"This is a bathroom. Oh and there is a mirror right there.\" She pulled her head out and shut the door going back over to the cabinet. She rummaged through it some more and produced a pair of scissors. \"Here we are!\" Jo was throwing back the bedsheets when the nurse turned around. \"What are you-\" \"Come over here and help me out.\" Jo said and swung her leg over the side of the bed. \"Oh, I don't think that's such a good idea.\" The nurse said, coming over clearly trying to placate Jo back into bed. \"Listen,\" the nurse nodded her head. \"I'm going to get out of this bed and go into that bathroom and cut my hair with or without your help. The decision is yours.\" Jo snatched the scissors out of the woman's hand. The nurse thought for a moment and nodded to herself. \"Okay, I'll help you. But if we get caught, I'm blaming you.\" A big grin spread across Jo's face. \"Excellent!\" Jo slid herself towards the edge of the bed and the nurse stood in front of her. She placed the scissors on the bed and put one hand on the bed and the other in the nurse's hands. Jo pushed off the bed and immediately found herself flailing and clinging to the nurse. It was much harder standing up than she expected. Her balance was off. Getting up with one leg was hard enough without the other to put weight on, let alone the uneven weight distribution from the missing limb. The head rush didn't help things either. Once she was properly settled upright, Jo shook the lingering fuzziness from her head. She found herself leaning a little, probably because of the odd weight, but she would work on that later, right now she needed a haircut. She reached for the pole holding her IV and morphine and pulled it closer. She turned towards the foot of the bed with the nurse's help. \"Grab the scissors.\" She ordered. The nurse did as she was told and placed them in a pocket for safe keeping until they were in the bathroom. \"So how do you want to do this?\" \"I'm not sure, it's up to you.\" \"Leading me seems like a bad idea, and I can just imagine hitting the floor if I use the IV and your hand as support. How about I put an arm around your shoulders, you just walk, and I hop along? Happens in the battlefield all the time.\" The nurse nodded and ducked under Jo's right arm, placing her hand at Jo's waist. \"Ready?\" Jo nodded. \"Go.\" The nurse started forward slowly and Jo hopped along beside her, dragging the IV behind her. She was glad that the ribs broken were high in her chest, the jostling from hopping didn't make them hurt much. There was a short pause on the way for Jo to catch her breath, but they reached the bathroom without incident. The nurse maneuvered Jo in front of the sink, set the scissors down on the basin, and sat on the lidded toilet. Jo squared herself up with the sink and leaned her hips against it to help with her balance. Inspecting herself under the harsh bathroom light, she noticed there was still a slight welt by her eye where she was punched. Brown bruising peaked up from the top of her hospital gown. Jo pulled it forward and looked down. \"Oh my god.\" There were almost healed stitches next to her left breast, but the breast itself was all misshapen and lumpy. \"What is it?\" \"My breast looks fucking weird.\" She pulled down the top of the collar until most of her left breast was exposed. She pressed at it and it was still tender. They were definitely welts. Just the shape of the lumps lent themselves to be from where she had the hatch repeatedly slammed into her. She rubbed at the welts for a few seconds longer before replacing the gown. Jo picked up the scissors, grabbed some hair, and started cutting. Using the scissors was far superior to a blade, but as long as it was something that had an edge, she could cut her hair with it. She learned how to pretty quickly in the field. The field barber refused to cut her hair every two weeks and he didn't get it right when she let him anyway. He wouldn't let her use his tools either, so she usually resigned herself to looking in a small mirror and using whatever sharp object was handy, usually her bayonet, occasionally a scalpel when she was in the field hospital. Nancy usually tore her a new one when she did that. The thought of Nancy yelling at her put a smile on Joe's face. \"I know that you want to look your best, but why can't this wait?\" \"What?\" The nurse brought Jo back to reality. She wasn't used to being interrupted during a haircut except by gunfire. Nancy even waited until Jo was finished to start admonishing her. They both liked it better that way. Nancy had Jo's undivided attention, and Jo could experience Nancy's attempts at mothering her. \"Why are you cutting your hair now? If you waited, we could get someone in here to cut it for you. Besides, it's not like it's that long to begin with.\" Jo felt like telling the other woman to wait outside, but she couldn't. She didn't know if she would need the nurse at some point, so she humored her instead. \"It can't wait. It's overdue for a cut and too long. And if I don't cut it now, it will become the only thing I can think of, and then I'll start pulling at it, and then other shit happens.\" She started to ramble. Jo sighed. \"It's just easier to cut it and forget about it for now.\" The nurse nodded and Jo finished her haircut in companionable silence. She cleaned the hair out of the sink, throwing it in the trash can, and rinsed down all the tiny pieces that weren't worth trying to picking up. Jo glanced over at the nurse. She was distracted, picking her nails. Jo picked up the fresh bar of soap sitting on the sink and started to get a lather from it. The sound of the faucet turning on grabbed the nurse's attention. \"What are you doing?\" \"Washing my face.\" \"No. We've been in here long enough and you can't get your bandages wet.\" She stood up and shut off the water. \"Give me the soap.\" The nurse demanded, hand outstretched. \"No.\" Jo moved the soap away from the nurse. The nurse reached for the soap and Jo made to step away, forgetting that she was missing half a leg. Losing her balance, she let go of the soap and grabbed onto the sink, but between the soap lather and the wet porcelain her hands slipped and she came crashing down directly on the end of her stump. Jo screamed in pain and instantly clutched at the bandaged leg. Tears welled up as she lay there sobbing in pain. It was one of the worst pains she had experienced and was such a foreign sensation. Pain like that didn't just happen in what was formerly the middle of her leg. Jo didn't want to know how bad the pain would be if she didn't have morphine. It was already worse than being shot, but not quite as bad as the hot poker had been. Her fall pulled down the IV and morphine whose bottles were now shattered on the floor. \"Oh god! I'll go get help.\" The nurse ran out of the bathroom. Jo wasn't sure how long she laid on the floor, but the pain and her crying were constant the entire time. Hurried footsteps and shouting were muffled until the bathroom door was flung open. \"Quickly! Get her up and put her back in her bed,\" a man ordered. The tubes were pulled out of Jo's arm; blood had been coming back out through them without fluids to counter the pressure. A man in all white scooped her up and Jo let out a yell of pain as her ribs were squished against him. \"Careful!\" She was carried past the nurse and the man giving orders. \"What the hell was she doing out of bed in the first place?!\" \"I'm sorry. She insisted.\" Jo heard a slap as she was deposited into her bed. Fucking asshole. \"Get out of here! You're worthless!\" The nurse ran out of the room and the doctor came over to the bed. \"Give her a sedative, then get this mess cleaned up.\" Jo felt a needle go into her arm and then everything got fuzzy and heavy. She couldn't keep her eyelids open. The pain in her leg stopped and Jo drifted off.[Chapter 8] She woke to someone stroking her hair. Who the hell would be stroking her hair? Jo couldn't figure it out. Her eyelids were still heavy as she struggled to open her eyes. She was greeted with a mass of brown hair and brown eyes. \"Nancy.\" Jo lazily hummed with a smile. She closed her eyes again and stretched with a yawn, finding herself relatively pain free. \"Jo.\" Nancy simply replied, putting her hands in her lap. \"What happened?\" \"I don't know. Why don't you tell me what happened?\" She had her mothering voice on. \"I got up, gave myself a haircut, and fell down on my stump because I only have half a leg. What else is supposed to have happened?\" \"You forced that poor girl to take you into the bathroom so you could cut your hair. Then when she insists it's time to leave, you refuse. Not to mention accosting your doctor. Thankfully it wasn't assault. What the hell is wrong with you, Jo?\" \"Last I knew, there was a list sitting over there.\" She said, smiling and pointing in the direction of the night stand. \"This isn't a joke, Jo. You nearly cost that girl her job. When I heard about what happened I knew only you would be dumb enough to try to walk around hours after you woke up from a coma. Especially with one leg. What were you thinking?\" Jo forgot how well Nancy could shame her and cast her eyes down to her hands as she set them in her lap. \"That I needed to cut my hair.\" She looked hesitantly up to Nancy. \"And then when I was done cutting my hair, I wanted to wash my face.\" Jo looked back down to her lap. She was startled when a hand came to rest on her own. \"I wanted to get back to normal.\" Jo shrugged and sniffled back some tears she wasn't even sure the source of. Nancy squeezed Jo's hands. \"Sweetie, you could have asked for someone to come in and cut your hair for you and wash your face.\" \"I know, but they wouldn't have done it right. And between almost dying however many times that last day and waking up with half a leg missing, I wanted to be in control of something. I needed to be in control of something.\" Nancy gave her a sympathetic look, but didn't say anything. Jo looked up at her. \"It was chaos, Nancy. Just complete fucking chaos.\" \"In the bathroom?\" \"At the crossroads. And before. I just… part of it felt so unreal. Still does. We were completely surrounded and out of ammo. Nobody should have made it out alive. Nobody.\" \"But you did,\" Nancy replied, smoothing back some of Jo's hair. Jo tipped her head away from Nancy's reach. \"And thanks to you, Don lived, and the boy.\" \"I shouldn't have even been there.\" Jo whispered, tears finally falling free. \"If I hadn't begged the Captain to go with them and help them…I don't even want to imagine what would have happened instead.\" \"If you hadn't begged the Captain to come with us, Norman and I would probably be dead right now and you wouldn't be missing part of a leg. As it is right now, I'm shot and pissed off about a conversation that got cut short yesterday.\" Jo gasped in surprise at the sound of Don's voice and wiped at the tears on her face. She hated him seeing her cry. \"Don, you're walking.\" He had a cane in one hand and the same red haired nurse from yesterday was holding his other arm, helping him. \"Yeah, the doc cleared me for walking. Supposed to help me get my strength back quicker.\" He and the nurse stopped on the other side of the bed and the nurse grabbed a chair for Don and helped him sit down. \"Thanks.\" \"No problem, I'll be back in a half hour to check on you two.\" Everyone in the room gave her a small smile as she left. \"I'll take that as my cue to leave. I'll be in the hall if either of you need me.\" Nancy rose and gave Jo's shoulder a small squeeze before she left, closing the door behind her. \"About yesterday,\" Jo started. \"Yeah, about yesterday. What the fuck was that? Trying to pass me off to that other nurse.\" \"Don, it's not like that.\" \"That's what it sure sounded like to me.\" \"It was more like, I don't know what you could possibly see in me now that the war is over. I'm not the only woman for miles anymore. And besides I look like Frankenstein's fucking monster now.\" \"Is that what you think of yourself? What you think of me? That I only used you for sex and now that we are back in the land of the living, a little worse for wear, I'm going to throw you to the curb like yesterday's newspaper?\" \"Isn't that what men do?\" \"What?! Fuck! No! Who the hell were you sleeping with before you met me? Because it sure as shit doesn't sound like any of them were men.\" \"Miles and a few others, but that was before I started up with you.\" \"Miles? Is that why you were pissed at him?\" \"No, I was pissed at him because after I started sleeping with you, I stopped with everybody else and Miles didn't like that. I told him I wasn't going to have sex with him when he asked and he got pissed. I was walking away and he came up behind me and slammed my face into a wall. It broke my nose and stunned me. He put his hand over my mouth and then he started to undo my pants. That's when Grady came along and stopped him and took me to Nancy. I was pissed at him because he tried to rape me.\" Don looked the angriest she'd ever seen him as he worked his jaw, thinking. \"He tried to…? That why you and Grady became friendly all the sudden?\" \"Yes.\" \"Why didn't you tell me?\" His eyes bored into her. \"Because I figured you would react like this and Grady stopped him anyway. Miles didn't rape me. So why does it matter?\" \"It matters because I give a shit about you!\" \"Why?!\" \"BECAUSE I FUCKING LOVE YOU!\" Instantly Don's face softened and Jo's jaw dropped in shock. \"Look, I know that when we first got together it was to distract us from the hell going on around us, but shit changed for me. It went from sex and comfort to me looking forward to seeing you again. Then I started to worry that maybe I couldn't love anymore because the death of my wife fucked me up years ago. But when I saw you fall out of that tank and when the Germans dragged you away…fuck, Jo.\" Don's face was wet with tears. \"I was so scared. I was so scared that you were dead and I would never be able to tell you that I love you. I love you, Jo. I love you so goddamn much it hurts.\" \"You sure it isn't the bullet wounds?\" Jo asked with a crooked grin. \"Damn it, Jo.\" Don gave her a stern look. \"Sorry. No one has ever said that to me before. Not seriously, not the way you mean it. I don't know how to react.\" \"The usual response is 'I love you, too'.\" \"Well, in that case, I love you, too.\" \"You meant it?\" \"Yes.\" Don's face broke out into a grin and then he kissed her hard. He cupped her face in his hand and gave her another gentler kiss before sitting back down in his chair. He took her hand in his and lightly brushed his thumb along her knuckles. There were still a few scabs leftover. He leaned down and kissed Jo's hand. He settled back into his chair and stared at the bed, thinking, before he spoke again. \"Marry me, Jo,\" he said softly. \"What?\" Jo was taken aback. She could just comprehend that he would love her the way she loved him as it was, but marriage? That was a horse of a different color. Don snapped his eyes up to her own. \"Marry me.\" \"You're serious?\" She couldn't believe her ears. \"Deadly. I love you, you love me. What more do we need?\" \"I'd be a shitty wife.\" She gave him a wry smile. \"No, you won't.\" \"I can't cook.\" \"I like to cook and I can teach you.\" \"I hate cleaning.\" \"We've lived in the mud and blood and piss and shit of the war, a little dust isn't going to bother us.\" \"I…\" She looked down at where Don held her hand. \"I can't give you a child,\" she choked out. Jo didn't know why it was so hard for her to say that. She had never really been the maternal type, and Don already knew she couldn't get pregnant. \"I know. I already have a daughter.\" \"You do?\" She asked, meeting his eyes. \"Yes. Her name is Susan.\" A small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. \"How old is she?\" Jo couldn't recall Don ever mentioning a Susan, nor did she remember seeing any photos. \"She's twenty.\" \"Twenty?! I'm turning 27 in June. You want to marry me when I'm only seven fucking years older than your daughter?\" \"Yes.\" Jo was at a loss for words. She had never really thought about the difference in age between her and Don. She never even thought about Don as being a husband and father. Her and Don were always just her and Don, their relationship lived in isolation of the rest of the world. Hell, when she thought about it, they had only been together about six months. It was the end of November, beginning of December when they got together. She remembered standing there huddled into her coat, nearly half frozen from the cold, not able to feel her toes, when she first asked Don if he wanted to have sex. It seemed like a lifetime ago now. Jo started to cry. \"I don't know. I don't know if I want to marry you.\" She felt guilty that she couldn't give him an answer. She definitely loved him, she knew that. But she didn't know if they could work outside of the confines of war. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Hey, it's okay. You don't have to be sorry.\" Don stood up and brushed back Jo's hair and kissed her forehead. \"I didn't expect to be here either. I didn't plan this far ahead. It just came out. You don't have to make a decision right now.\" He sat back down and held her hand again. Just then the door opened and Nancy came back in. \"Sargent, I've been told you need to go back to your room now. We will be docking in a few minutes.\" \"Thank you, Nancy.\" He stood up and kissed Jo on the forehead again. \"I love you. Think about it.\" He smiled at her and she gave him a watery smile back. \"I love you, too.\" He turned and left, being guided by the red haired nurse. Nancy noticed Jo's tears. \"Sweetie, what happened?\" Jo looked to Nancy, \"Don asked me to marry him.\" Nancy's face broke out into a grin. \"That's wonderful news! What did you say?\" \"I don't know.\" \"What do you mean 'I don't know'? You told him something, right?\" \"I told him 'I don't know'.\" \"Why!?\" \"I didn't go into the conversation expecting a proposal. I figured we'd exchange words and then he would walk out the door and leave me like any other rational person.\" \"Jo Travers, you better say yes to his proposal. Otherwise, you will regret it for the rest of your life and I will single-handedly kill you myself for being such an idiot. The Nazis will have been the least of your troubles.\" Nancy gave her a small smile. \"Now, I better go before we end up docked and I end up reprimanded.\" Nancy gave Jo's good leg a gentle squeeze and left. It wasn't very long before the ship came to a creaking halt and there was commotion in the corridors. The commotion slowed and Nancy came into the room followed by the man in white who moved her the other day, pushing a wheelchair. The man pushed the chair next to the bed, transferred Jo into it, and left before anyone said a word. \"I guess I'm the one to wheel you around, rude.\" Nancy pulled the stand holding Jo's IV and morphine over to Jo. \"Hold this.\" Jo held the pole in her hand as Nancy started rolling her towards the door. \"As far as I know, Don is waiting for you somewhere on the dock, and I managed to snag your mail for you. I'll give it to you once we are on solid land again.\" \"I have mail? But who would be writing to me?\" \"I don't know, but it looked official.\" It turned out to be quite the ordeal trying to get Jo off the ship. The base of the IV pole kept getting snagged in the wheel of the chair and people kept tripping on it. It was a miracle that her bottles didn't get smashed in the process. Jo offered repeatedly to hold the bottles in her hands, but Nancy wouldn't let her. Eventually, the gangplank proved enough of a challenge that Nancy let Jo take the bottles, but with the stipulation that she would hold them over her shoulder once they reached the dock. Jo was relieved when they finally reached the relative safety and smoothness of the dock. Nancy trying to wheel her down the bumpy and narrow gangplank was one of the most terrifying moments of Jo's life (and she had faced the Nazis). She was certain Nancy would lose control and they would end up in the water and either crushed between the ship and the dock, or drowned. Either prospect didn't sound fun to Jo. They spotted Don at the end of the dock, waving off nurses and doctors harassing him to get into the back of a transport truck to take him the local hospital. The dock was still surprisingly full with other patients and personnel, and the civilians helping them along, and it took longer than Jo liked to reach Don. \"Long time, no see, stranger.\" Jo said, smiling up at Don. \"Same to you, doll.\" Don winked at her and it sent Jo's heart aflutter. \"Here, I'll trade you.\" Nancy said from behind Jo holding out an envelope. Jo took the envelope and handed the bottles off to Nancy. \"Ooh, I must be someone important. It's a letter from the Army. Maybe they're giving me a Purple Heart.\" Jo said with a smile. \"Go on, open it!\" urged Don. Jo opened the letter and started to read. Slowly the smile fell from her face. \"What is it? What's wrong?\" \"Apparently I've been AWOL since last July and only just returned. I have the choice to either forfeit my pay and be dishonorably discharged or face a court-martial and potentially be killed.\" She looked up at Nancy. \"Did you know about this?\" \"I had no idea.\" \"What am I going do? I haven't been AWOL, I haven't.\" Jo started to cry. Don knelt down in front of her. \"You can fight it if you want. Go to that court-martial and prove you weren't AWOL.\" \"I just want everything to do with this stupid war to be over with.\" \"Then the other option is you take the discharge and no pay and marry me.\" She looked at him. \"I've been shot, beaten, tortured, burned, and sterilized and they want to pretend that never happened. I don't even get any money for it, the bastards. It's not fair, it's not fair.\" Jo's head was in her hands, her tears falling through her fingers. Don gave Jo's shoulder a gentle squeeze. \"Marry me, Jo. Put all of this behind you and just marry me. She looked up through her tears. Yes. All this shit I have been through and you were the only thing good to come of it. Yes.\" \"Yes?\" \"Yes.\" ","Summary":" She was numb. Laying in the cold on the wet ground for hours did that to a person. The only relief "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Sixth of June","Author":"ScarlettMae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10885735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SIXTH OF JUNE Hi! Welcome to my first Fury story! As a big fan of Band of Brothers and Saving Private Ryan this film really took me by surprise and I loved every second of it. I just wanted to give a head's up with some of the things that feature in this story as I understand not all people will want to read about it. As a woman in the army in 1945 I would be lying if my OC wasn't met with constant misogynism and catcalls among other stuff. Don't say I didn't give a warning! Anyway, the rest of the story will mostly focus on individual relationships and I eventually do want to set up for a romance but I'm not sure about that yet. I have some stuff in my head I want to write about but I'd first like to read all of your reactions. DAY BY DAY The mud made it hard for her to walk. It felt as if her heavy boots kept sucked into the mud, dragging her down. The fact that the boots were a few sizes too big did not help either. When joining the army in the place of her brother, they had issued her with clothing meant for him. Her brother Daniel was about a half a feet bigger than she was, resulting in all of her clothing being way to big for her frame. June's eyes darted around the camp, trying to find Sgt. Collier. It was like finding a needle in a haystack. Everyone wore the same green army uniform, had the same convenient haircut, and everyone was male. Except for a few nurses, June had not come across any female soldier apart from herself. Maybe it was because she had broken a lot of rules by joining the army in someone else's name. Even her dog tag which she always wore around her neck didn't not feature her own name. It took her a few minutes before she found her new platoon sergeant. While dragging herself through the mud, she was met with comments all around her. The soldiers weren't used to seeing a girl around, especially a female soldier. June learned to ignore their comments. She focused her gaze on the man she had been desperately trying to find for the past fifteen minutes. \"Sgt. Collier?\" June began carefully, holding the strap of her M1 tightly so it wouldn't slide of her shoulder. With her other hand she wiped the sweat of her forehand. She always laughed about how she was named after her least favorite season. She'd have a cold winter any day. Sgt. Collier turned around and faced June. He cocked his eyebrow as his eyes scanned her body. June figured he was probably wondering why the fuck she was standing in front of him right now, wearing an army uniform. \"I'm your replacement?\" she continued when she failed to get a response from him. \"You're a woman,\" Sgt. Collier simply stated. From the corner of her eyes June saw the rest of his men climbing off their Sherman tank, quietly shuffling closer to see what was going on. \"You got a problem with that?\" June shot back. A soft smile appeared on his lips. He shook his head. \"As long as you do what I say then no.\" He started to move closer to the tank. His men quickly went back to their posts, pretending to be working on cleaning their guns but June knew they were trying their best to hear everything from their conversation. June followed him closely. \"Where is your stuff?\" Collier asked, looking down at her feet, noting the absence of a bag. \"Still at the relocation post,\" June replied. \"They told me not to bother bringing it. They doubted you'd take me.\" Collier cocked his eyebrow, resting his right hand on his beloved tank. \"You wouldn't be the first to turn me down, sir,\" she explained. \"Have you ever been in combat?\" Collier asked. June didn't blame them for asking her questions. She had answered so many of them since she had arrived here in Europe. June nodded. \"Many times, sir.\" \"Killed someone?\" She nodded again. \"Twenty-three that I know of. Maybe more.\" Collier looked at her quite astonished, making June a little uncomfortable. She was no different from any other soldier. She was just as prepared to fight for her country as they were. Women could be fighters as well. \"What's your name, soldier.\" \"Nichols. June Nichols.\" His eyes scanned her entire body again. I must be an odd sight, June thought. Her clothes were too big, her hair full of tangles even though she tried to braid her auburn hair it as carefully and tightly as possible, her face hadn't been washed in a week. She couldn't even remember the last time she shaved her legs. \"Let me introduce you to the rest of the men,\" Collier said. \"You're serious about taking her in?\" a solider lying on top of the tank spoke. He turned his head to look at June. \"Yes,\" Collier said. \"We can still reassign her to other unit if necessary. Everyone deserves a chance.\" June's eyes shifted between the soldier and her Sergeant. She had already expected this hostility, but it was nothing she couldn't handle. One thing that women were amazing at was wrapping men all around her little finger. \"Anyway,\" he continued while he began pointing to each of individual man. \"That dickhead is Grady but you can call him Coon-Ass if you want. Then we have Gordo and Bible. Anyone of them gives you any trouble, come talk to me.\" June nodded, desperately trying to remember their names. Goddamn why did everyone have the same haircut? \"Sgt. Collier?\" a runner spoke up. \"Cpt. Waggoner is looking for you.\" Collier nodded and off he was, leaving June alone in the company of her new platoon. Quietly she awaited their reactions, already preparing herself for the worst. \"We'd better get your bag back then,\" the one she remembered as Bible spoke. June's lips curled into a soft smile. \"Thanks,\" she spoke as she watched Bible slide off the tank. She waited for him to catch up with her before she started walking. Across the field she spotted Collier talking to a superior. They were laughing with each other, playfully pushing each other around. It was clear to see these guys all had been together for a long time. \"I don't know what is more dangerous,\" Bible began, chuckling. \"Operation Overlord or a woman walking across this camp full of horny soldiers.\" June snickered. \"I'm carrying a weapon, you know.\" There was a sense of truth in Bible's words. Many times did she had to fight the men off her back. Women were scarce during a war, and when one was walking across your camp they simply couldn't help themselves. June already liked Bible for recognizing that danger. Maybe he was not like all the other men throwing themselves at her. \"So, where did you get your nickname?\" June asked, after she figured his real name could not possibly be Bible. His hand reached inside of his jacket and he pulled out a small book. He held up the cover for her to read. Bible, it said. \"Speaks for itself,\" he said, sliding the book back in his jacket. \"I bet you're all wondering what the hell I'm doing here?\" June said, cutting straight to the chase. \"Yes, ma'am.\" They went around the corner. Her boots got stuck in the mud in the exact same spot as before. June made a mental note to steal another pair of socks somewhere even though she was already wearing two pairs. When a tent full of soldiers playing cards spotted her they began shouting. June simply ignored their catcalls, as she always did, but Bible seemed to be stunned by the phenomenon. \"Best thing to do is to ignore it,\" she explained when they were past the tent. \"I can't take on twenty guys by myself, even though I'd liked to\" \"I would have gladly taken them on with you,\" he replied. \"Thanks,\" June smiled. \"That's the first time someone has said something like that since I've came to Europe.\" She was met with some more stunned expressions when she told her old commander she had come to fetch her bag. They were initially reluctant to give it back to her, not completely believing someone had taken her in, but luckily Bible was there to back her up. \"What happened to your old platoon?\" Bible asked when they where heading back. He decided to head back another way so they didn't have to pass the infamous tent again, but it was of no use. She was met with the same reactions in another tent. \"They all died.\" \"Oh,\" Bible replied awkwardly. \"It's fine,\" June shrugged. \"Didn't like any of them anyway. Gave me nothing but slack during the months I've been with them.\" She spotted the tank that would be her new home in the distance. It had the word 'Fury' painted across the barrel of the 75 mm gun. She liked that. She liked that they had so much pride in their job. Collier had also returned when they arrived back. He announced they would be heading out soon so it would be best to pack up everything so they could leave quickly. Bible helped June get her bag safely strapped on the tank. She smiled thankfully before turning around. Grady was standing right behind her, uncomfortably close. \"I'll help you get up there,\" he spoke. June narrowed her eyes, not quite sure what his intentions were. But she didn't want to make a bad name for herself on her first day. She needed everyone to like her. This was not going to be like it was with her old platoon. Grady put his hands together so she could place her foot in them. June was still very suspicious of him. From the moment she had lay her eyes on him she knew he wasn't like Bible or even Collier. He was exactly like all the other soldiers. Her suspicions were confirmed when she felt his hands on her ass to boost her up. When she was standing on the tank she shot around. Her eyes spitting fire. So much for trusting in him to be different. \"If you ever lay your hands on me again I'll cut off your balls with my bayonet while you're sleeping and serve them to our prisoners of war as dessert.\" Bible and Gordo who had been chatting away grew silent. Coon-Ass looked at her as if he had seen a ghost. She even managed to grab Collier's attention. \"You understand me?\" June demanded when he seemed at a loss for words. \"Yes, ma'am,\" Grady replied, still in a state of shock. \"Glad this is settled,\" she said before sliding inside of the tank where she laid her eyes on what would be her new home for the first time. A/N: Please leave a review and hopefully until next time![Chapter 2] THE DEVIL IS A WOMAN While tanks looked huge on the outside, the inside was an entirely different story. Few people felt comfortable being crammed in a tiny space with four other people. June counted herself lucky she actually quite liked it. She liked the confined space. It felt secure. She climbed past part of the 76mm gun and slid into her own seat. From here she could hardly move. Above her was a hatch which could be closed off during battles. Right now the hatch was left open so the musty air inside of the tank could escape. \"I like her already,\" she heard Gordo say which was followed by a loud groan which could only belong to Grady. She couldn't help but smile a little. Apart from Grady they had all made her feel at home. Even Collier, though he was a little distant, appeared to like her. \"Let's mount up!\" Collier shouted and it didn't take long for the rest of the guys to fill up the tank. Collier remained standing outside of the hatch in the middle of the tank but popped his head inside and said: \"You good in there, Nichols?\" \"Yes, Sergeant!\" she replied. She was exactly where she was supposed to be. \"June, you never told me what you're doing here,\" Bible said after they had taken off. The noise the tank generated soothed her. \"Oh right,\" she remembered. \"Well, long story short, I didn't want my little brother to go so I went in his place.\" June reached inside of her jacket, under her shirt, and pulled out her dog tag, handing it to Bible. \"Army obviously didn't want me to join but apparently I was persuading enough. They hadn't bothered with changing my dog tag though. If I die I'll be remembered as Daniel Nichols.\" \"That's actually a really brave thing to do,\" Bible replied before giving her her tag back. \"Thank you,\" she replied. June was glad you couldn't see her blushing inside of the tank. Now she had earned the reputation as merciless killer due to her little talk with Grady she needed to keep that up. \"Hey, June,\" Gordo began. She responded by putting her head up the hatch. They were stuck in a large convoy of other tanks. There was no need really for a second driver here so she had spent her time talking to Bible inside. She knew both Grady and Collier had been listening to her talking even though they hadn't let that on. \"Your brother is still alive?\" June shook her head. \"He better be otherwise I would be on the first ship heading home.\" \"Hey, you know how to drive this thing?\" he asked her. \"Yeah of course I do.\" \"Great. Our last driver didn't know. Now I can take some naps while you drive.\" The fact that Gordo trusted her with the tank meant a great deal to her. She had begun to cross the line of being a woman to being a soldier. June decide to stay up there with her head popped out of the hatch. Everyone inside of the tank grew silent as they all watched the road, war on their mind. The open countryside slowly began to change into woodland. The forest grew thicker with every mile they advanced. June preferred the open fields of the countryside. It was terribly easy for the Germans to attack them. The forest provided for perfect concealment. \"Nichols,\" Collier spoke over the comm. It took her a few seconds to realize he had said her name. \"Keep your eyes open. This is a perfect place for an ambush.\" And so she did. Her eyes shifted all over the place, trying to distinguish anything uncommon among the trees. But so far she saw nothing. Riding a tank was not exactly a smooth ride. It proved to be difficult to keep her vision steady. But then she saw something moving. June narrowed her eyes, trying to increase her focus. Her heart began to beat faster. She couldn't see if it was a harmless animal, or an enemy. \"I'm seeing something,\" she said over the comm so everyone could hear. \"Two o'clock. Moving close to the ground. Could be an animal.\" \"Can't be an animal. They disappear whenever they hear the sound of us approaching,\" Grady replied. June tried to look again. \"He has a gun. I can see it,\" she suddenly said when the figure seemed to come into view. He moved from one tree to another. \"I'm seeing it as well,\" Gordo confirmed. \"Yeah, I see it too,\" Collier spoke. \"You see any more of them?\" \"Negative,\" she replied. \"I can only see one.\" \"This is Wardaddy,\" Collier said in the general comm that could be heard among the entire convoy of tanks. \"Possible German has been spotted among the trees. We're sending someone over to check.\" Their tank came to a halt, followed by all the other tanks behind them. June kept a close eye on the German. She knew he knew they were here. It was impossible for him to not have spotted and heard the large convoy approaching. \"Grady, Bible,\" Collier began. \"Go check that shit out.\" \"Why me?\" Grady defied. \"Send the new one.\" June stopped breathing. She would be lying if she said she wasn't afraid of whatever was out there. She'd rather stay safely inside of the secure tank, protected by its walls. It was silent for a moment. \"You up for it?\" Collier asked June. \"Yeah,\" June spoke, realizing she had to prove herself, especially to Grady. \"I'll go.\" \"Okay, get your guns. Cover each other's backs. We'll provide back up with the 76mm.\" Adrenaline took over her body. Without realizing she found herself climbing out of the tank, followed by Bible. She had left any unnecessary items behind, only taking her gun, sidearm, her helmet, ammo and a few of hand grenades just in case. Bible had done the same. They needed to walk quickly and walk quietly. Bible took the initiative and led her through the forest. They were trying to be as quiet as possible, but the breaking twigs and crackling leafs under their heavy boots were hard to silence. June held her breath as they advanced through the forest, right through to where she had seen the German. She never lost her focus. Her eyes were darting around the place, looking for danger. It was reassuring to know the rest of the platoon had their backs, yet they were out here pretty much unprotected. Bible stopped in his tracks. He turned around to face June and gave her a silent nod. June looked, she too saw the German sitting against a tree, trying to conceal himself. He had opened a pack of what looked like rations, completely oblivious who where approaching him. Bible jumped in front of him, his gun pointed at the enemy. June did the same, just in case he decided to do anything. No one would get shot on her first day. Not on her watch. The German's eyes grew wild upon the sight of them. He sprung upwards, his rations dropping out of his hands. He tried to reach for his gun but Bible decided to interfere before he could. \"NO!\" he spoke, angrily. \"Don't you dare.\" He raised his hands. June immediately acted and moved forward to retrieve his gun from the holster he was trying to reach for. She continued by patting down every possible spot where he could've hidden more weapons. In the process she retrieved one stick grenade. \"That's it,\" she breathed when she was done. Her eyes moved to the grenade in her hands. If he had spotted them earlier and had thrown this at them, they would've been dead in an instant. She had seen grenades kill soldiers many times before. \"Come on,\" Bible said. He motioned with his gun for the German to start walking. He hesitated for a moment, but when he received a push in the back from the barrel of June's M1 he quickly started to walk. \"Do you speak German?\" June asked, suddenly realizing she couldn't and she didn't know whether Bible could. In her last platoon they didn't had anyone speaking German, resulting in a lot of heated arguments as to what the Germans meant whenever they caught one. Bible shook his head. \"No, but Wardaddy can.\" They followed their path back to the tanks. June already spotted her tank which had the word 'Fury' painted on the barrel in bright white paint from a distance. The closer they got the more secure she began to feel. \"What's he doing here?\" Collier asked. He took off his helmet and jumped off the tank, quickly closing in on them. \"Well, I don't know. We don't speak German remember?\" Bible replied snarky. June's eyes followed Collier closely. He radiated anger. His eyes were spitting fire. His fingers were flexing. Once he stood before the German, grabbing him by the collar of his jacket, she noticed how big he was. He towered over all of them. He clenched his jaw before speaking directly to the German, who still had his hands up, softly muttering in German. \"Was haben Sie dort gemacht?\" Collier spoke in a heavy American accent. June tried to quickly translate what he was saying, but her limited knowledge of German didn't get her very far. The German continued muttering words. Collier didn't receive the answer he wanted. \"Bist du allein?\" he continued. \"Wo sind die anderen?\" Collier asked many questions but received no answers at all. The German seemed to be glued to the ground, not moving an inch. June knew they were scaring him. They would never get an answer from him like this. \"Grady, get him on his knees,\" Collier ordered while he took his sidearm from its holster. He loaded the gun. Grady kicked the German in the back of his knees, causing him to collapse forward into the mud. \"Fucking kraut,\" he muttered while he grabbed him and placed him upwards again on his knees. \"Are we just gonna kill him?\" June spoke up, her heart pounding her chest. She knew this was war. Casualties were inevitable, but the guy had surrendered. \"He surrendered! He's a prisoner of war now.\" \"How are we gonna take him with us, huh?\" Grady spat. \"Tie him to the back of a tank? Hope he walks along? Wanna give up your seat for him?\" June grew quiet. She knew Grady was right. There was no place for him. It was impossible for them to take him with them, deliver him to the authorities. \"Tie him to a tree,\" she suddenly spoke again. \"Leave him for someone else to find.\" \"Can't do that,\" Collier replied. \"If he gets retrieved by the Germans he'll know exactly where we are.\" June turned her head when she saw Sgt. Binkowski approaching. \"What are we waiting for?\" he said. Gordo pointed to the German. \"Tiny problem.\" \"Oh for fuck's sake,\" Binkowski exclaimed. \"Please kill him. This road is perfect for an ambush.\" Collier nodded. \"You,\" he said, pointing to June. \"You do it.\" June jerked her head from Binkowski to Collier. \"You serious?\" she spoke. \"Do I look like I'm joking?\" She heard Grady snickering softly. They probably all thought she couldn't do it. There was a huge difference between being able to do it, and not wanting to do it. She still firmly believed this man surrendered and deserved to live. But she finally found a decent platoon, she couldn't jeopardize that by refusing to kill a German - who in the end was still their enemy. Would he had let her live if he was in her place? Her eyes scanned the back of his head. He'd probably kill me in an instant. June sighed. Collier extended his arm so he could hand her his sidearm, but she refused and pulled her own gun. She moved behind the German and raised the gun high. Everyone was watching her closely. Quietly she counted to three. The shot echoed loudly through the forest. Number twenty-four , she thought as she watched the man go down. A/N: Thank you all for the amazing responses to far. One reader pointed out that Fury has a 76mm gun, hence the change. Please point out any more historical mistakes if you find them, I'm far from a historian and I'll be happy to change the mistakes. Please let me know what your thoughts were and until next time :)[Chapter 3] They continued their journey in silence. The only sound accompanying them was the roaring engine of their tank. Sometimes they heard bursts of rounds going off, but they appeared to be fired from miles away that none of them worried it about it. June had her hatch closed off like Gordo. They were peering out through their optics, seeing just enough of the road to navigate their tank through the rubble left behind by others. Her optics provided her with a slightly distorted view of the world, but after a while she'd grow used to it. Gordo wanted to break the silence. She had seen him opening his mouth multiple times already, but nothing came out. Instead he seemed to be thinking to himself, opting breaking the silence wasn't the best idea. For a moment she thought about talking as well, as she noticed he clearly was uncomfortable with the silence, but then she remembered what Collier made her do. He forced her into a position she did not want to be in. Even though it was not the first man she had killed, far from it, it was just that she had rather not done it. June wanted to keep her conscience clear, but the war was proving to be hard on her. The crackling sound in her earpiece made her jump a little. It was always an indication someone was about to speak. \"This is Wardaddy,\" she heard her own sergeant speak. \"We are approaching a town. I suggest we take up shelter there for the night. Head out early tomorrow. How copy?\" The crackling sound began again as soon as Collier finished speaking. \"Best idea you ever had, Wardaddy.\" \"You think they have something to drink in one of those houses?\" Gordo finally spoke since Collier had broken the silence. June narrowed her eyes to look at the houses that grew larger and larger as they got closer. What she would give to sleep in a proper bed tonight. Her old platoon never let her. God, she was glad they were dead. \"I fucking hope so,\" she replied softly. They gathered all their armored vehicles in the town square. Houses surrounded them and before getting out they quickly looked for any snipers, but the town was eerily empty. June opened her hatch, breathing in the fresh air. Her eyes scanned the houses. Each and every one of them looked abandoned. The families that once lived in them had packed up what they could pack and left, leaving behind only a haunting presence. The entire east side of the square had been bombed. Plumes of smoke were still going up, as a final reminder of what had happened here. This was the true face of war. She slid off the tank, patiently waiting for Collier to decide what building was theirs. Gordo and Bible stood next to her, while Grady stayed behind, leaning against the tank. June knew it would take more than killing one nazi to convince him. \"Take that one, three o'clock,\" Collier spoke after he had spoken with the other sergeants. June turned her head. Collier had claimed a white family home. The red roof looked like it was about to cave in. The windows were all open. Blue curtains were floating in the wind. The flowers in their little boxes that hung from the windows were still blooming, a sign that whoever had been living there had just left. \"I'll lead,\" Grady quickly said. He jogged towards them, stepping out in front. She raised her Thompson M1. Even though the buildings all looked deserted, looks could be deceiving. With her finger on the trigger she followed Grady and Gordo. Bible covered her back as they slowly entered the building. They entered a hallway with a flight of stairs leading to the second level. Grady immediately disappeared in the room on the left and Gordo in the one on the right. They both yelled \"Clear!\" after a few seconds and they proceeded out into the kitchen. June opened the door out in the garden. Her eyes scanned all the bushes, the outhouse, behind the shed, but there was no one. \"Clear!\" she too shouted. Bible now led them upstairs, where they were faced with three bedrooms and a bathroom. They too were empty and they quickly claimed the house as their own for the night. The boys were soon off looting, trying to find valuable stuff to take home. June never really liked doing that. Instead, she claimed the smallest bedroom which seemed to have belonged to a girl about her age. The wallpaper was a soft pink, with a line roses going around the border. The mahogany furniture looked expensive and it reminded her of her own bedroom a bit. She let herself fall back on the bed. The only thing she wanted was a good nights sleep. No expensive set of cutlery, gun or jewelry could compare to that. \"You good in here?\" Bible asked, popping his head around the door. June smiled softly. \"I'm fine, thanks.\" \"You want me to find you anything nice?\" he then asked. \"No you can all keep it.\" Bible smiled and disappeared again. In the background she could hear Grady and Gordo arguing about who had seen a pair of silver candle sticks first. June tried to block the noise out and pushed herself up from the bed again. She shuffled closer to the closet in the back, wondering what was inside. It seemed like the previous owner of this house was pretty wealthy. Gorgeous dresses were hanging neatly in the closet. June felt some of them were even made of silk when she ran her fingers across the fabrics. What she would give to wear something like that again, but the thought of the remarks she would get turned her off. She would give the boys as little reason as possible to taunt her. As a mark of her claiming the bedroom, she put her jacket and her weapon on the bed. This bed was hers, at least for this night. She made her way downstairs again, where most of the noise seemed to be coming from. June noticed that Collier now had arrived as well. He was seated at the kitchen table, his feet up the table and a week old newspaper in his hands. She admired his knowledge of the German language. Curiously she started to explore the kitchen. When she found the pantry she noticed that it was still stocked. Cans of soup, meat balls, eggs, stale bread. Her fingers found a jug of milk but she quickly smelled it had spoiled. Her stomach rumbled at the sight of the food. \"I can cook us some dinner, if that's okay?\" she offered, turning her torso to face Collier. He lifted his eyes from the newspaper. \"By all means. We could use a good meal.\" And so she spent the next half-hour preparing the stuff she had found. The smell of warm tomato soup quickly filled the kitchen and it didn't take long for the rest of the platoon to find their way to the source of the smell. While Gordo and Bible quickly hurried towards her to see what she was doing, Grady remained at a distance. He sat besides Collier and stared in front of him. \"Bible, can you help me with the plates?\" June asked. It took him a few seconds to locate the plates but he pulled them out quickly enough. June went by them one by one, filling large mugs with the soup since she couldn't find anything else that fast, and dressing their plates with eggs and meatballs. She couldn't wait to dig in herself, but before she was able to, Bible cleared his throat. \"Really?\" Gordo complained. \"I don't want it to get cold!\" \"He'll be brief,\" Collier ordered sternly. Bible nodded and continued to say grace. It had been a while since June heard someone say grace. While the rest of them had closed their eyes, she couldn't help but glance at the platoon that surrounded her. For a moment, they looked like a family, waiting to tuck in their dinners. For a moment, they didn't look like soldiers. They didn't waste a second after he had said amen. They all dug into their food as quickly as they could, shoving their eggs in their mouths. Gordo had found a stash of liquor they had been drinking from as eagerly as they had been eating their food. \"How long will we be staying?\" Grady asked. June noticed how he had avoided eye contact with her at all costs. \"As long as we have to,\" Collier said. \"I'm hoping we can stay here for another night.\" \"Would be a good idea,\" Bible agreed. \"We need some supplies anyway. We've almost run out of rations.\" \"Ammo is running low as well,\" Grady noted. June ate the final bite of her meat ball which she washed down with a gulp of the wine Gordo had found. \"I'll try to make it happen,\" Collier said. \"This was delicious, June,\" Bible said. She smiled thankfully. \"There is still some left which we can eat tomorrow. Or we can bring it if we have to leave.\" Her eyes met with Collier's. She tried to read his expression but it proved to be impossible. His face was blank. Maybe he was trying to read her expression as well. June spent the rest of the evening cleaning herself in the bathroom. She had locked the door tightly before turning on the tap to check if they were still working. There was no warm water, but she didn't mind washing herself with the cold. She just wanted to be clean, rub off the dirt and the blood. It was as if she started with a clean sheet. After she was done she slipped across the hallway, her wet hair up in a towel. She had quickly put on her pants and shirt again, as she didn't feel comfortable about walking around in just a towel, not with four (probably) drunk men around. \"June,\" she heard someone say when she was halfway across the hallway. She turned her head to see Collier was talking to her. By the looks of it he had claimed the master bedroom right next to hers. She carefully entered his room, standing on her tiptoes as her feet were still a bit wet and she didn't want to make the dirt of the floor stick to her soles. She raised her eyebrows awaiting for him to speak. \"You're doing good,\" he spoke. \"You're a lot better than I expected.\" Butterflies were rising in her stomach and all of a sudden she felt nervous. \"Thanks,\" she stumbled, overwhelmed by the compliment. She was not used to this level of kindness. In an instant she had forgotten all about the prisoner of war she had to kill. \"The guys seem to like you as well.\" \"Well,\" June said, cocking her head, rubbing her exposed feet against the back of her leg. \"I don't think Grady likes me that much.\" \"He doesn't like being put in his place. He'll come around,\" Collier assured her. \"I've already sent a telegram to your commander, telling him he does not have to expect you back.\" \"Thank you,\" she stumbled again. \"Thank you for giving me a chance. I know that must be hard, since I'm a woman and all.\" \"I'll admit I was hesitant at first, but then I remembered it is often the women who are the strong ones.\" June nodded gratefully. She had really hit the jackpot with this platoon. She would take extra care to make sure she wouldn't fuck this chance up. She would never forgive herself if she had to be transferred again. \"Well, girls see more blood than boys anyway,\" June chuckled a little awkwardly and she was almost sure she saw Collier smile a little as well. A/N: I'm glad you all like the story so far. I really enjoy writing it :) Today's also my birthday haha. Anyway, I hope you liked it and please leave a review![Chapter 4] The sound of an explosion woke her up. She opened her eyes, letting them adjust to the harsh lights coming through the sheer curtains. It was quiet now. She could faintly hear the sound of vehicles, men talking, even birds seemed to be chirping again. It was so tempting to close her eyes again. June couldn't even remember the last time she had slept as well as tonight. The softness of the mattress was a very welcome change to the harshness of the metal of the tank. She heard Bible say something to Collier. Was she the last one to wake up? Quickly she shot forward, rubbing her eyes before throwing the sheets off her to pull on her clothes. Judging by the sunlight coming through the windows they were in for another hot day, so she decided not to put her jacket on just yet. The door creaked when it opened and she was immediately face to face with Bible, who was still talking to Collier in the master bedroom. He too had decided it was too hot for a jacket and was leaning against the doorpost. \"Good morning,\" June said with a soft smile once Bible had spotted her. \"Is everyone up already?\" He laughed. \"Are you kidding? Coon-Ass and Gordo are passed out downstairs. They went through the entire liquor stash in one night. I wouldn't try to talk to them if I were you.\" June chuckled as well. \"You had some breakfast already?\" Bible nodded. \"Yeah. I left some bread on the table. Help yourself.\" And so she did. She quietly went down the stairs, as she didn't want to wake the two boys sleeping. Something told her they would be in quite a mood if she woke them up. Like Bible had promised, there was still some of the stale bread waiting for her on the kitchen table. To make it a little softer she spread some of the butter still left on top, hoping that hadn't spoiled yet. There was also some tea left which she drank eagerly. Footsteps were coming down the stairs. June leaned backwards on her chair which was now balancing on only two of its legs. She extended her neck to see who it was. When she spotted Collier she let herself fall forward again and continued eating her slice of bread. \"I'm heading out to find out what the plans are. You good in here?\" Collier asked. June nodded. \"Yeah.\" \"Tell Bible to wake up those two assholes in case we need to leave soon.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Collier nodded and disappeared again. Bible had come in just minutes after and was quickly off again to wake Grady and Gordo. By the sounds of it, they were definitely not happy about being woken up. Grady complained about still being drunk and Gordo ran out of the living room, through the kitchen were June was still eating her breakfast, to the outhouse. June left the kitchen. She wasn't going to listen to him throwing up out back. It was too early or that. \"You still in one piece?\" she chuckled when she met Bible in the hallway. He sighed. \"I hope they're still in one piece.\" June continued her way upwards to get the rest of her uniform. She didn't want to have to still gather everything if they had to leave right now. She did not want to give them any reason to find her a hindrance. When she put on her second boot, something whizzed past her ear. June shot around. Tracers. They were being shot at. Another bullet followed. Someone had spotted her before in the open window. And then hell broke loose. The entire front of the house seemed to be engulfed with tracers. Some were stopped in the brick exterior, but others managed to find their way in, only missing June by a few inches. She could only hope the rest was not hit because they were taken by surprise. She grabbed her Thompson from the dresser in the back of the room, crouching low so she couldn't be seen in the window. She couldn't stay upstairs, she needed to be downstairs with the rest. They were stronger together. Before leaving her bedroom, she stuck her M1 out of the open window and shot a few rounds at nothing, hoping she'd hit something or someone by accident. June held her breath as she crossed the hallway. When she reached the top of the stairs she noticed that the front door was open. \"Shit,\" she muttered to herself. \"Fucking shit.\" The staircase was exactly aligned with the front door. She would be in perfect view for whoever was out there. \"June?\" she heard Bible shout from downstairs. \"I'm upstairs!\" she replied, trying to raise her voice above the noise coming from all the weapons. \"You need to cover from me! The door is still open!\" She placed her foot on the first step down, ready to act when Bible gave her a sign. He appeared out of the living room on the left of the staircase. He put up his hand and started to count down in silence. On one she darted down the stairs as fast as she could while Bible put his machine gun around the doorpost, trying to cover for her. But a bullet still managed to graze her. June felt a sharp pain in her right arm but there was no time to look. She wasn't there yet. Just a few more steps and she would be out of sight, in relative safety. When she put her foot inside of the living room she could breathe again. Her eyes glanced down her arm. It was only a shallow cut of about 2 inches, nothing to worry about. \"You okay?\" Bible said while he dropped on his knees to fire his gun out of the window again. \"Yeah. It's nothing,\" June replied, ignoring the throbbing pain of the cut. Bible said something to Gordo but she could only hear Gordo reply, \"Shut the fuck up, Bible. I can concentrate on only one thing at the time.\" This was the absolute worst time to have an ambush. They were caught in complete surprise. Gordo and Grady were barely awake. Bible wasn't properly dressed and Wardaddy was gone. \"Where's Collier?\" June suddenly remembered. She had crouched down as well, putting the barrel of her gun out the third and final window of the room. She began to shoot, but the square was absolutely in chaos. There was no way to see who was the enemy and who wasn't. \"I don't know,\" Bible replied honestly. \"I seriously don't know.\" If Collier died she was sure she would get reassigned again. He was the one holding this platoon together. Without him, they would fall apart. Please let him be alright, she thought. I've finally found a place where I belong. There was no further time to dwell on his whereabouts as a German grenade landed right through the window next to Bible and June. They looked down at the smoking grenade before looking up to each other, their eyes grown wide. Bible quickly grabbed the end of the grenade and threw it out of the window with as much speed as he could. The grenade exploded midair. The four of them were thrown back, all landing on their backs. June coughed loudly to get the smoke out of her lungs, crawling back on her feet. \"No one hurt?\" she asked, trying to find her M1 which she had lost due to the impact. They all replied and went back into position. June wiped the sand from her face. So much for cleaning herself the day before. \"We gotta locate where they are shooting from,\" Grady said. \"They're coming from all sides!\" Gordo replied in stress. June was out of ammo. Before reloading she narrowed her eyes, peering over the edge of the window. She followed the bullets back to its original source. \"I've spotted one of them,\" she stated. \"One o'clock. Behind the stacks of hay. They're using it as a concealment.\" \"We can never eliminate them. Not unless…\" Bible began. \"… we get to the tank,\" June finished. Grady and Gordo stopped firing their weapons and looked at them as if they were crazy. \"We'll never make it,\" Gordo exclaimed. While they continued ranting about how bad the idea was and about how they should wait for Collier, June continued hatching a plan. She looked out of the window again, ducking for a round of bullets before looking up again. They had parked the tank with the front towards the house. One of them could go out, go in through the escape hatch at the bottom of the hull and open up the driver's hatches. There was no way she could operate the tank all by herself, she needed the rest of them. \"Okay,\" she began. \"Hear me out. I have a plan.\" She continued to explain her plan. Bible agreed with her that they needed the tank to stop this. They needed to take out the guns before the Germans could reorganize and they would get overrun. \"What about Wardaddy? We need to wait,\" Gordo said. \"We can't wait for him,\" June replied. She was met with angry looks. \"Look, I know he's been with you for I don't know how long, but for all we know, he could be dead right now. We can't wait. We have to do this now.\" They remained silent, realizing she was right. \"Who of us is -,\" Bible said, but before he could finish his sentence, June had interrupted him. \"Cover me.\" She didn't want to think about this. She needed to do it right now before she changed her mind. Adrenaline was taking over and it wasn't long before she found herself running out into the open. She tried to run in a straight line behind the tank so it could protect her from gunners up ahead all while trying to reload her own gun. A stray bullet grazed the same arm again, but June had only one objective. She needed to get into that tank before she was killed. The mere distance she had to cover felt like a mile. She couldn't believe she was still alive when she slid under the tank. Her breathing intensified as she suddenly realized what she was doing. The others had to come to help her. If they left her behind this would be her last day on earth. She had placed her life into the hands of men who had just met her, who probably didn't even like her. She opened the hatch with ease and pulled herself inside. The tank felt strangely safe. It's exterior was being hit with force by bullets, but they couldn't harm her inside. Not unless the Germans brought out something stronger. Wasting no time she moved in the driver's seat, pushing the hatch open. Quickly she slid on her own seat, opening that hatch as well. She popped her head outside. June let out a sigh when she saw Bible, Grady and Gordo standing near the doorpost, ready to go. She gave them the nod that it was okay to go. One by one they ran towards her, climbing on the tank before letting themselves lower through the hatches. A few minutes later they all found themselves inside, miraculously still alive. They did not waste any time and immediately went to work. Gordo and June closed off their hatches while Bible and Grady began to prepare for an attack. Gordo began to turn the tank. Immediately they were met by an bombardment of bullets. June couldn't help but chuckle a little. They were back into the game. \"Target is one o'clock!\" June shouted, never losing sight of their objective. Around the tank the shooting had stopped save for the Germans. It seemed as if everyone was in awe with what was happening. Bible and Grady had worked their magic and it only took them a mere minute before they were ready to shoot. \"On one!\" Bible shouted and they took the shot. It was aimed perfectly. The 75mm gun the Germans had been firing blew apart, debris falling everywhere. Whoever was not killed in the first strike started to fall back. They fired another. The Germans were on the run. June tried to shoot down as many as possible with her own gun. She tried to keep count how many she had hit but after a while she had lost count. \"Seize fire!\" Gordo shouted. \"Seize fire!\" There was no one left to shoot at. They were too far out of reach and they weren't going to waste anymore bullets. Unless they were going to get reinforcements, they were safe. Since the town was not pivotal to anyone, June figured they would be gone for good. It was silent for a few seconds before they all started to laugh loudly. \"You fucking did it,\" Bible said, grabbing June by her shoulders, pushing her back and forwards happily. She flinched in pain when he grabbed her, but he didn't seem to notice. June looked down her right arm again. The second bullet had grazed her deeper than the first. \"You are insane,\" Gordo said. \"Fucking insane, you know that? You could've gotten yourself killed!\" June smiled a little awkwardly. \"Anyone would've done the same.\" The hatch opened and a familiar voice filled the tank. \"You fucking sons of bitches. I leave you alone for two seconds…\" Collier spoke, laughing just as loudly as they were. A/N: Thank you all for the amazing responses to far! For your information, I will not be following the story of the movie. I don't want them to die at the end (haha). I already have some plot lines I'd like to cover and I'll see where I go from there. Thank your for reading and please leave a review and take care! :D[Chapter 5] June leaned back. She blocked out the noise all around her, listening only to her own breathing. When the reassuring fact that she was still alive calmed her nerves down a bit, she lifted her head and looked down her right arm, trying to see what exactly the damage was. The bullets had both grazed her just below her elbow, only half an inch from each other. The first one hadn't been that deep, but the second had almost gone through. \"Is anyone of you hurt?\" she heard Collier say outside of the tank. She had completely failed to notice the rest of them had climbed out. Without the adrenaline rushing through her veins the pain was suddenly a lot worse. She pulled herself out of her own metal chair, climbing out without trying to put too much strain on her right arm. When her eyes adjusted to the light she could see what damage the Germans had caused. What was once a picturesque little village was now a ruin. All the walls were covered with bullet holes. Entire rooms were gone, leaving only gaping holes behind. Not only the buildings were destroyed. From the corner of her eyes she spotted men being carried away on makeshift stretchers. Medics were busy treating some of the wounds garnered by the violence. \"I think June was grazed a few times,\" Bible said from a distance. June slid off the tank and took careful steps towards them. She began to feel a bit unsteady. Collier stood before her. \"Let me see,\" he ordered. He grabbed her arm with a surprising tenderness. His fingers pushed some of the fabric that was stuck to her skin away, making her flinch. \"This everything?\" he asked her. June nodded. \"Think so.\" Collier had his eyes fixed on the cuts. \"You need to get stitches.\" While his eyes were on her arm, she carefully studied his face, noticing every scar, every wrinkle that was there. She had never really noticed how handsome he was. \"I can do it,\" Bible suddenly appeared next to them. June took her eyes (somewhat reluctantly) off Collier to face him. \"No,\" Collier said. \"A real medic. You stitch like shit.\" Boyd scoffed before giving June a wink. Collier playfully pushed him backwards. \"I'll get someone to sew her up,\" he said, quickly disappearing in the crowd of soldiers. \"Once you're patched up where getting the fuck out of here,\" Collier spoke, before disappearing as well. June placed herself on an upside down crate, stretching her legs before her while she awaited her doctor's appointment. She tried to ignore the pain the best she could, constantly reminding herself it could've been a lot worse. A group of soldiers suddenly stood before her, blocking the sunshine from reaching her face. \"No shit,\" one of them spoke. \"So it's true?\" June narrowed her eyes, slightly intimidated by the four soldiers standing right before her. She was already preparing herself for the worst as she didn't feel like fighting back, not today. She was done fighting one enemy and already the next one had lined up to taunt her. \"A girl in the armored division,\" they snickered. \"You know what the front of that thing is? Do you want me to explain it to you?\" \"Why don't you take off your jacket so I can see what you got underneath.\" \"Ha, she got shot. Twice. There's a reason why girls are weak. What she's doing here anyway?\" They kept on making crude and degrading remarks at her expense, but she was so worn out from the past fight that she couldn't fight this one as well. Instead, she hoped Bible would return soon so maybe they'd back off. \"Hey, you lost your hearing or something?\" one of them asked when she didn't reply at any of their remarks. \"How about you all get fucking lost.\" Grady suddenly appeared at her side. June looked up at him, wondering if she had dozed off and was dreaming right now. What was he saying? She thought he hated her? \"If it wasn't because of her you would all be dead right now. Show some fucking respect.\" June was lost for words. Was she truly witnessing this? Did he just defend her? The group quickly shuffled away, whispering among each other but it was too soft for June to hear exactly what she was saying. She looked up to Grady again. \"Thank you,\" she spoke carefully. His eyes pierced through hers. \"What you did was brave. Your a better soldier than they are.\" As fast as he had appeared to help her out, as quickly he disappeared again, leaving her behind. She was speechless. Grady was finally coming around. It had taken getting shot twice, but he actually talked to her. Hell, it was even better than that, he defended her, complimented her. This was a victory in its own right. \"Something wrong?\" Bible asked, his face puzzled at her expression. He stood before her, a medic at his side. June remembered to shut her mouth which was hanging open in surprise. \"No,\" she replied with a soft smile playing on her lips. \"Nothing wrong at all.\" The medic had her stitched up in no time. June never averted her eyes once, wanting to keep a close tab on everything that was going on around her body. The large cuts had been transformed into neat narrow lines. It was a shame he could do nothing about her jacket being ripped. Finding a replacement was not going to be easy. She thanked the medic after he had finished and he quickly went to help others. Bible studied the stitchings in her arm in close detail, telling her he wanted to get better at it. June wanted to tell him about Grady, about what he had done for her, but she decided to keep it for herself for now. She wanted to enjoy that moment for as long as she could. They were all instructed to get in the tank again as Collier had secured them a new mission. \"Where are we going?\" Gordo asked, climbing on the seat next to her before offering her a cigarette. June didn't smoke as often as the boys did, but after today she figured she'd deserve it. Maybe it would even help with clearing her head. \"Next town. Got a couple of infantry boys they want us to give an escort there.\" \"We going alone?\" Grady said. \"The boys of Murder, Inc. and Lucy Sue are going with us for support. This should be a safe one.\" \"Safe?\" Gordo scoffed. \"We're never safe here in Germany, man. What type of shit are you on?\" \"Shut up, Gordo,\" Wardaddy replied with. June found a hint of amusement in his voice. He knew Gordo was right. They were never safe. Not in enemy territory. They had taken off. The village that had been so picturesque yesterday was completely in ruin today. June didn't dwell on it. It was the Germans who were destroying their own country, she didn't feel sorry for them. \"June,\" she heard Collier say over comm when the village was miles behind them and already a distant memory. \"I want you up top, you need some fresh air.\" Reluctantly she climbed out of her little seat, over Boyd, and rose next to Collier. She'd rather stay in her seat, where she felt more safe than she felt outside exposed, but she didn't want to argue with him. After all, he was still her superior officer. \"Let me see those stitches,\" Collier asked. June turned her torso to show Collier her right arm. The cuts were clearly visible through her jacket which was ripped on the spot where she was hit. \"Looks good,\" he said. \"It doesn't look infected.\" She nodded slowly, her eyes glued to her cuts. No doubt they would leave behind a scar, a permanent reminder of this day. Well, it was not exactly like she would forget. \"What was the name of that village?\" she suddenly asked, frowning lightly. \"I don't know,\" Collier replied, chuckling. \"You want to visit it after the war?\" He turned his face to her, looking her straight in the eyes. He had raised his eyebrows, awaiting her response. After the war. June never dared to think that far ahead. The future was uncertain for soldiers in a war. The chances of dying at a random moment in time were great. One stray bullet could end it all. One mistake and she was killed. She couldn't afford to think about the future. She had to live her life day by day. She failed to reply. \"I made a promise to my crew that I'd keep them alive,\" Collier started. His eyes were still piercing in hers. \"You are part of that now.\" Again she failed to come up with a proper response. When their next objective had come into view she had returned to her little seat, preparing to help out their allies. The plan was to get them safely out of there and into the next village where they would retake a bridge. They drove into the heart of the village. The narrow streets just fitted the convoy of tanks. It was deserted just like the last one had been. June could only hope they were not heading into a trap. \"There in the building on the right at the end of the street,\" Collier spoke over the comm. \"You can park here, Gordo.\" Gordo did what he was told and parked the tank in the middle of the street since there was no where else to securely put it. \"You stay here. Me and Bible will check out what exactly the plans are,\" Collier announced. \"Sure thing,\" Grady replied. He leaned back closing his eyes, seizing the opportunity of a quick nap. Both him and Gordo still hadn't quite gotten rid of their hangover yet. June opened her hatch. She pulled herself out of the tank, sitting on the edge while letting her feet dangle inside the tank. The fresh air always felt so good in her lungs. The tank was a trap for cigarette smoke. Slowly she breathed in and out, watching the soldiers around her. She always loved to observe them. From up here she got a perfect view of everyone around her and the best thing was that nobody paid attention to her while she was up there, out of everyone's eye sight. She spotted Bible and Collier coming back. She noticed Bible was carrying something. After narrowing her eyes to try to enhance her vision she noticed it was a pack of envelopes. \"Mail came!\" Bible said enthusiastically when they where standing in front of the tank. June grew silent when Boyd began to hand everyone a couple of envelopes. Like she expected, there was nothing for her. She had gotten used to it by now. She didn't even expect anything anymore. Instead, she remained seated on the tank, trying to silently ignore the fact that the rest where all excitedly reading their letters to each other. \"Hey, June?\" Gordo opened his hatch and appeared next to her. \"You didn't get any letters?\" She shook her head. \"It's okay. I guess my family don't like my career choice.\" \"Oh,\" he replied somber. June extended her arm and patted him softly on his shoulder. \"It's fine, really. Don't worry about it.\" Collier told them they were spending the night in town. The bridge could wait until the morning as all the officers had agreed that a good night's rest was more important right now. June appreciated their decision. She had seen enough of combat for one day. This time she couldn't manage to get a bedroom for herself. Besides their platoon, there were a lot of infantry soldiers who had already claimed their property the night before, leaving only the badly damaged houses for them. \"June?\" she heard Gordo whisper. June turned her head. She was lying on the carpet, trying to sleep, but scenes of earlier today kept flashing through her mind. Gordo was lying next to her. Boyd had managed to claim the couch while Collier and Grady had both fallen asleep in two large armchairs. It was amazing how even the floor slept better than the inside of the tank. \"Yeah?\" she whispered back. There was a lot of partying going on outside, but they all had had their share of alcohol the night before. Grady even swore off alcohol for the coming weeks, but June doubted he could stick to that statement. A drink was the only thing that could give them a little fun around here. \"It doesn't matter your family doesn't send you anything,\" he began. \"I guess we are your family now.\" A/N: Thank you once again for all your lovely comments, please keep them coming :D I'll try to upload a new chapter this week if I find the time :) Take care![Chapter 6] They had mounted up just as the sun began to rise. June was still seated on top of the tank, watching the red rays of sunlight peaking over the hills in the far distance. It was still a bit chilly which she was enjoying a lot more than the heat that would be cooking them inside the tank at midday. She had to pull her gaze from the sunrise when she suddenly noticed Collier launching himself forward. She widened her eyes as she followed him closely. They had been transporting a German prisoner-of-war right between the convoy of tanks. When she saw he had his hand curled up in a fist she jumped off the tank and started to run towards him. \"What are you doing?!\" June exclaimed. She tried to pull Collier back, but he was much taller and much stronger than she was. \"Fucking SS,\" Wardaddy muttered. The soldiers transporting the nazi were trying to shield the him, but in all his rage Collier proved to be invincible. Nothing seemed to be able to stop him. \"Don,\" she said helplessly. \"Stop, please.\" But he didn't stop. It wasn't until Grady and Bible had heard the commotion outside they came to help. The two of them managed to lock Collier down in their grip. Bible whispered something to him which seemed to calm him down. \"Fucking idiot!\" the soldier transporting the prisoner-of-war exclaimed, but before he was able to continue their path June turned herself to them. \"What the fuck were you thinking!\" she breathed. \"Transporting a prisoner through here?! You should have fucking known better.\" She was met with angry glances, but she ignored those. She had never seen anyone react so strongly to a SS soldier. Collier had practically launched himself on top of the soldier, almost killing him in the process. Hell, he was probably wishing right now he had killed him. June turned around again. Bible had Wardaddy under his arm as he took him back to the tank. He was running his fingers through his hair, breathing heavily. \"What was that?\" June asked Grady. \"He get's like that sometimes,\" he responded before taking off himself. June remained behind, needing a moment to process what she had seen. The Wardaddy she knew before today always composed himself. He almost seemed to be comfortable in a war. The Wardaddy she had seen today was the complete opposite. It was a lesson to her. A lesson that anyone can break at any moment. When she climbed inside the tank everything had gone back to normal. It seemed as if the rest had dealt with Collier's outbreak so many times before it was not even a big deal anymore. She was silent as they took off, still unsure how to respond to what happened. For an outsider is must have been impressive to see the large convoy of tanks and infantry men walking down the dirt road to their objective. The tanks were in the front, Murder Inc. taking the lead. Behind them were all the foot soldiers, laughing amongst each other, singing songs. June had been ordered to keep an eye out for the bridge. She had her head popped out of the hatch, binoculars in front of her eyes as she tried to spot anything in the distance. Just like the soldiers, the boys in the tank were happily chatting away as well. June could not quite get the incident which happened earlier out of her head, so instead she kept her mouth shut while she peered through her binoculars, replaying the incident over and over in her mind. \"I've spotted something,\" she suddenly said when she noticed a stone structure about half a mile out. \"How many are there?\" Wardaddy replied, referring to the Germans. June looked again. \"Zero. There is no one.\" \"Give me those binoculars,\" he ordered. She leaned backward to hand Collier the binoculars before focussing her eyes on the bridge again. It was more difficult to see from that distance, but the bridge appeared to be abandoned. Her earpiece started to make funny noises. \"This is Wardaddy. We've spotted the bridge but it appears to be deserted.\" \"Park up here, boys. Let them take a look at it. Why the fuck would the Germans just leave it behind?\" Sgt. Binkowski spoke. \"Gordo stop,\" Collier said. The convoy came to a halt. A platoon of foot soldiers proceeded forwards, heading to the bridge to check it out. Minutes passed before they came back, confirming what June had seen. It appeared to be abandoned. \"I thought they said we had to retake it?\" June asked, looking over her shoulder to Bible. He shook his head. \"I guess they already left.\" The convoy started rolling again. The bridge grew bigger and bigger with every minute. June kept her eyes open. This was too easy. Nothing ever went this easy. \"What are you doing?\" Gordo asked her when she climbed back in the tank, closing her hatch. She had a bad feelings about this one. \"I'm not planning to get shot for a third time,\" she replied. It was as if her words had triggered the attack. As soon as her hatch had slammed shut, bullets started flying. A mortar went just past them and landed a few yards to the left. \"Shit, shit, shit,\" she heard someone say over the comm, but she couldn't make out who it was as the microphone was also picking up the noise from outside. \"Bible, Grady! Get ready to fire!\" Wardaddy said. He had closed his hatch as well. Bible and Grady immediately went on with their job. June grabbed her machine gun and started to shoot. In the meantime Gordo had come down as well, turning the tank to the direction where someone was firing mortars. \"How many times are they going to keep surprising us?\" he complained. June wondered that as well. During her training she was taught that the United States had the finest military force in the world, yet she found that the Germans were arguably as good as they were. By the time the fighting seemed to have stopped June was exhausted. Physically and mentally. These two days had been one of the heavier days and she was struggling to process everything she had seen. The only thing she wanted to do was sleep. Sleep and hope the war had ended by the time she woke up. \"I think that was it,\" Collier said carefully. He opened his hatch, slowly rising to look outside. June held her breath for a moment. It could be that they missed a sniper who could shoot down Collier at any moment, but nothing happened. She looked through her own optics again. The soldiers all crawled out into the open, helping the wounded while some went off to retrieve some souvenirs from dead Germans to take home. German guns were especially popular. June leaned back in her chair, panting slightly. \"You okay?\" Bible asked, placing his hand on her shoulder. She had to do her best not to cry. She had to be strong. She could not be weak. Slowly she began to nod. \"Yeah. I will be.\" \"If you wanna talk, I'm here, okay?\" \"I'll remember that,\" June replied, touched by his comment. When she turned out to give him a thankful smile her eyes met with Collier's who was seated behind Bible. For a moment her gaze lingered on his, as she failed to pull away. His expression was blank again. She had never met a man before harder to read than he was. The clear anger he had expressed earlier with the nazi had disappeared like snow in the sun. Finally she managed to pull away. June announced she was heading outside for some fresh air and climbed out of her hatch, taking her M1 with her. She slid off the tank and began to head for the tree line at the opposite side of the bridge which had been slightly damaged during the attack. \"June?!\" Gordo shouted after her. \"Where are you going?\" \"I'm going to fucking pee if that's alright with you,\" she snapped back. \"Do you wanna come with and hold my hand or something?\" She kept her eyes focussed on the tree line ahead, ignoring all the bodies she had to pass on her way. Even after so many times the stench of the dead still managed to surprise her and make her sick at the same time. The closer she got to the trees the more she started to hurry. To be safe she kept her M1 aimed before her, ready to shoot if necessary. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. When she was out of sight she fell down on her knees. June knew herself and she knew she needed this. She needed to let out her frustrations, her fear. She needed to empty her mind. She didn't want to do this in front of the boys. She did not want them to think she was struggling with this. She wanted them to think she was invincible, that nothing could hurt her. She wanted to radiate that same calmness Wardaddy radiated. Being a woman was already a big enough of a burden, imagine what being labeled as weak would do. With the back of her hand she wiped the tears away. She managed to get her breathing under control again. She knew she couldn't stay out here for too long before they would start to suspect something. The only upside about being a woman was that the boys would always leave her alone whenever she announced she had to go and pee. It was the only time she could break away from the group and have a moment to herself. June placed her hands in front of her so she could push herself upwards again. She grabbed her M1 from the ground, ready to head back. But she had been so lost in her thoughts that she had completely failed to see a platoon of nazis had gathered in front of her. \"Drop Ihre Waffen,\" the sergeant spoke hurriedly, aiming his own weapon on her. \"Wh… What?\" she stumbled, her gun still aimed at the platoon. She did a quick headcount, coming to the conclusion there was no way she could take on eight men on her own. \"Drop Ihre Waffen! Jetzt!\" A/N: Oh I love cliffhangers, lol. As promised, a new chapter! I also quickly want to respond to the question of whether Norman will be part of my story but I actually think I'm gonna leave him out. There is no room in the tank for him anyway haha. Thank you again for reading and please leave a review! :D[Chapter 7] Her arms were tightly squeezed together behind her back. She had surrendered. She had no other choice. Taking them on all by herself would have resulted in her death. She had come too far in this war to die like that. The soldier holding her roughly shoved his hand in her back, pushing her forward. They were heading in the direction of the town. It was only now June realized how far she had gone into the forest. How stupid had she been? \"Where are we going?\" June tried, but none of them replied to her question. They muttered amongst each other in German she could not understand. Her wrists were beginning to hurt. The cuts on her arm were throbbing as well. \"Where are we going?\" she tried again, but no luck. She began to look ahead and she could already spot the buildings of the town in the distance. What were they going to do with her? Why were they taking her back to where she had come from? The soft mud changed into a paved road and soon she found herself being pushed towards the town. Her heart was pounding in her chest. Her head was spinning in confusion. What the fuck were they doing? \"STAND BACK!\" An American had spotted them. It was a miracle how they had come so far without being noticed. She began to nervously look around her for her own tank. She then located it on her right side. It was hidden behind another tank but she saw Gordo sitting on top. \"GORDO!\" she shouted as loud as she could, trying to get his attention. Her action was punished by a slap across her face. \"Halte den Mund,\" the soldier spat in her face. \"STAND THE FUCK BACK,\" the soldier shouted again and it didn't take long before everyone's attention was turned towards them. The Nazi's didn't put their weapons down. Instead they kept them aimed at the Americans in defense. \"Wo ist den Hauptsturmführer?\" the Nazi demanded. \"I have no fucking idea what he is saying,\" the infantry soldier spoke to another. \"Is that a woman?\" the other said when he noticed June. \"Is she one of us?\" \"She is wearing an American uniform?\" \"I'm one of you god dammit,\" June spoke annoyed. \"Get Sgt. Collier, he can speak German.\" \"Halte den Mund!\" the nazi spoke, shoving her roughly back and forwards again. Didn't they know June was only trying to resolve this incident as quickly as possible? A private quickly went out to fetch Collier. The minutes it took to fetch him felt like hours. The hands of the German were still squeezing her wrists together. June made a mental note never go that far out in the woods all by herself. June gasped in relief when she saw Collier coming through the crowd of soldiers who all their weapons pointed at the Germans. If this escalated she would be the first to go. \"Lasst sie los,\" Collier demanded. \"Geben wir zunächst den Hauptsturmführer,\" the platoon leader said. Collier looked confused. He began speaking again. \"Wer? Ich weiß nicht was du redest.\" \"Sie erfasst den Hauptsturmführer. Wir wollen ihn zurück.\" June had no idea what they were saying, making the situation even more stressful than it already was. Wardaddy turned himself to the same private who had fetched him. Bible, Grady, and Gordo were now also approaching, a look of shock upon their face. \"Did we capture some kind of captain?\" he demanded. \"Did we capture any nazi's?\" \"I don't know, sir,\" the private stumbled. \"Then fucking find out!\" Collier shouted. He then turned himself to his own platoon. \"Go with him, and bring that Nazi fuck here.\" \"Don,\" June breathed. \"What is he saying? What captain?\" \"I think this is a trade,\" Collier informed her. \"Just keep still and don't do anything.\" \"Beeilung!\" the Nazi spoke. \"Wir tun unser Bestes,\" Collier replied calmly. He had his hands up in the air, trying not to look like a threat to them. The view from where she was standing was incredible. June's eyes scanned all the soldiers with their guns pointed at her. She even spotted snipers in the windows. One wrong move and they would all pull the trigger. \"Sie haben eine schöne Frau. Ist sie gut im Bett?\" The platoon leader suddenly moved uncomfortably close to her. He grabbed her chin between two fingers, forcing her to look at him. She saw something in his eyes she had feared so much. It was lust. \"Holen Sie sich Ihre Hände von Ihr,\" Collier spoke aggressively. June breathed heavily. If only they would hurry up with that damn captain. \"Wenn Sie sich nicht beeilen, ich könnte nicht in der Lage, mich zu beherrschen sein.\" June saw the shape on his mouth transform into a mischievous grin. He ran his finger slowly across her cheek. Please don't, she thought. \"Sie sind wirklich schön,\" he grinned She closed her eyes in aversion and turned her face away from him. \"You fucking piece of shit,\" she heard Wardaddy mutter. June opened her eyes again. He was moving forward at a fast pace but he was kept back by the guns of the nazi's. \"Ich würde das nicht tun,\" the leader said. He got his side arm of his holster and pressed it against June's neck. \"Wenn Sie näher zu kommne, stirbt sie.\" \"What is he saying,\" June asked again, slightly panicking because of the gun pressed against her neck. The barrel felt surprisingly cold. \"Nothing,\" Collier replied. \"You're doing good, just stay calm.\" She knew he was lying to her but she couldn't prove it because she spoke no German at all. She just had to trust him she was not about to die at any second. Gordo broke through the crowd. \"We got him.\" Bible and Grady followed with the captain. Their own commanding officer followed as well. \"What is the meaning of this?\" Cpt. Waggoner spoke. \"They want to trade,\" Collier explained. Waggoner's eyes moved from June to the SS captain, slowly examining the situation. \"Make the exchange!\" A sergeant she didn't recognize stepped forward. \"Sir? Should we?\" he began carefully. \"You are trading a private against a captain.\" Waggoner turned around. \"I'm not going get one of my soldiers killed. The guy is not gonna talk anyway. This war isn't over yet. Time enough to kill them out there in the field.\" The sergeant was silenced. June looked at Wardaddy, her gaze fixed on his. He gave her a reassuring nod, letting her know it would all be over soon. June could kick herself for allowing to be so careless. She shouldn't have gone out that far in the forest. She let the situation get the better of her. This could never happen again. \"Do it,\" Waggoner ordered. Collier grabbed the captain roughly by his shoulder. \"Zur gleichen Zeit, okay?\" The soldier holding her began to step forward as well. Slowly they began to move closer to each other. June's eyes never left Collier's. Just a few more feet and she was in safety. When she felt the grip of her captor loosening she immediately rushed to Collier, standing behind him. Wardaddy pushed the captain towards his own men. \"Raus,\" he snarled. \"Jetzt!\" That was when the rest of them opened fire. June immediately dropped to the ground, hoping the bullets would go over her. She felt the weight of Collier on her own body. He was laying on top of her, his body protecting hers. June pressed her hands to her ears. The sound was deafening. Both of them were unarmed and useless. They could only lay still and hope for the best. \"I'm sorry!\" June shouted. \"Sorry for what?\" Wardaddy replied. \"I fucked up. I didn't hear them. I didn't pay attention.\" \"We didn't pay any attention either. You did not fuck up.\" June pressed her cheek in the soft mud when a tracer flew right past her ear. She couldn't help but feeling horrible. This was all because of her. Anyone who would get killed would be because of her. If she hadn't been that careless, this would not have happened. When the shooting stopped, she dared to turn her head towards the Germans. They were all dead. Their bodies laying motionless in the dirt, their hands still gripping their guns tightly. Wardaddy looked as well. It took him a moment to realize everything was safe, and he pushed himself off of her. \"It's alright,\" he nodded slowly but reassuring, offering her a hand. June looked around her. Everything had grown quiet again. All eyes were on her, closely monitoring her every move. \"Come on,\" he tried again. She looked up to him, extending her own arm to accept his hand. With ease he pulled her up, wiping the mud from her cheek with the back of his sleeve. \"Let's get you inside, okay?' June nodded. \"Did I kill anybody?\" she asked carefully as he took her under his arm and walked her through the platoons of soldiers. Bible smiled softly as she passed him. \"No,\" Collier replied firmly. \"I don't know what the Germans were doing. We outmanned them. It was almost as if it was their plan for the captain to get caught.\" A sergeant appeared next to Collier but before he could open his mouth Wardaddy already shut him up. \"Not now. Fucking hell. I'll find you later.\" There was something about Wardaddy that was so intimidating. He radiated authority. Everyone looked up to him. Everyone obeyed him. Everyone admired him, including June. He brought her inside of a house, placing her on the couch in the living room. He kneeled before her, his gaze piercing through hers. \"Did they hurt you?\" he asked. June shook her head. \"No.\" She could feel the tears in her eyes again. She had promised herself not to let herself be so vulnerable, especially in front of the men. But it seemed as if the war was beginning to take her toll on her. How could one stay sane among the chaos and death that called itself Germany? \"We're gonna spend the night here. Make sure the Germans are gone. Make sure you are okay.\" She nodded. \"Can I have the bed tonight?\" A soft smile appeared on Collier lips. \"Yes you can.\" The front door opened. June heard footsteps shuffling through the hallway, slowing getting louder as they approached the living room. Bible, Gordo, and Grady appeared in the doorway, their helmets under their arms. \"Captain thinks they didn't know there were so many of us left,\" Gordo began. \"They thought we were heading out. Guess they were wrong.\" \"What about casualties?\" June asked. \"On our side?\" \"Just a few got shot,\" Bible replied. \"Not sure about the exact numbers.\" \"See?\" Wardaddy spoke, softly gripping her knee to get her attention. \"You did not kill anybody. They were just waiting for someone to grab.\" June nodded. She had to believe him. She had to trust him. \"Come on,\" he continued. \"Let's get you upstairs, okay?\" They were in a different house than the night before. Empty bottles and cigarette butts were scattered everywhere, a reminder of the partying that had went on the night before. \"You'll be fine by yourself?\" Wardaddy asked. \"Yeah,\" she replied, looking down at her sleeves at all the mud stains. This was gonna take a while to get out. \"I'll be downstairs if you need me. I'll let Bible prepare you some food.\" \"That would be amazing,\" June said with a soft smile before disappearing in the bathroom. A/N: Before I start, yes I purposely did not translate the German bit. This story is told from June's pov and she can't understand it either. (Also I hope I didn't make too many mistakes because I used google translate oops) So. I hope you all liked this chapter and just a hint for the next chapter, you're all gonna like it ;) Please review and until next time :D[Chapter 8] With her wet hair dangling down her back, June left the bathroom. The water had been cold and it had not been cleaned since the war had begun, but she felt a little better now she her body was free of the dirt and dried blood. When putting on her jacket her hand accidentally slipped through one of the bullet holes in the sleeve, creating a bigger hole. She had cursed and reminded herself to get it fixed. Her eyes fell on a plate of hot food. Bible was seated at the table, his feet resting on another chair while he was lost in his book. \"Is this for me?\" June asked carefully, trying not to make him jump. Bible immediately looked up. \"Oh, yeah! It's for you.\" He gave a smile before pushing the plate towards her. June sat down, realizing how hungry she was and eagerly began to dig in her two eggs. \"Did you eat already?\" she asked. The eggs tasted so good. It was amazing how incredible food could taste in such bleak times, even something as simple as eggs tasted like it was made by a chef from a fancy Manhattan restaurant. \"Yeah, we ate while you were in the shower,\" Bible replied. He placed the book in front of him on the table. \"How are you doing?\" \"A lot better,\" June admitted. She had already finished her first fried egg. \"It just became too much for a moment. It happens.\" \"Yeah,\" Bible nodded. \"We all get it sometimes. This fucking war.\" \"This fucking war,\" June agreed. \"I got you a new weapon by the way,\" he said. He reached behind him and placed a new gun in front of her. \"Oh shit,\" June said. \"I totally forgot I left it behind.\" \"It's okay,\" Bible smiled. \"It's not the same as you got before, but it works.\" June reluctantly put her fork down to take the gun into her own hands. It was lighter than the one she had before. \"It folds?\" she asked with raised eyebrows, folding the buttstock. So that was why it was so light. \"It's a paratrooper's model,\" Bible admitted. \"It was the only one I could get at such short notice.\" June chuckled. \"It's different. I'll get used to it.\" She finished her dinner in the company of Bible. It was good to be laughing again. It was as if everything had gone back to normal. Tomorrow she would wake up and the memory of this day would just cease to exist. She wasn't going to let this set her back. She was here to win this war and that was what she was going to do. \"Hey, Boyd?\" she suddenly remembered. They had been drinking tea while watching the sun set from the window. \"You wanted to practice your stitching, right?\" Bible nodded. \"You can start with this.\" June took off her jacket, showing him the ripped up sleeves. Getting a new jacket would mean taking it off a dead body. She'd rather have her own fixed. Bible took the jacket into his own hands, studying the cuts. \"You're gonna regret not letting me stitch you up after you see my amazing handwork.\" She laughed. \"I have no doubt in your abilities. Wardaddy on the other hand…\" Boyd laughed as well. He fetched a tiny sewing kit from the back of his pants. June watched his hands gently repairing the cuts, the gap closing with every stitch. \"So,\" Bible began after a silence. \"What did you do before the war?\" She raised her eyes from his fingers to meet his gaze. \"What did I do? Like a job?\" Bible nodded. \"Yeah. Like were you a hairdresser? Nurse?\" \"I did nothing,\" June said quietly, realizing how stupid it sounded. \"I'm a woman I have no need for a job.\" \"What do you mean? I know lots of women with a job.\" \"Let's just say,\" she continued. \"that where I come from, a job is not the most important thing on a woman's mind. Finding a rich husband is.\" \"And did you find him?\" Bible asked, raising his eyebrows. \"Do you think I'd be here if I had?\" she replied. \"This is why my family does not send me any letters. I defied their wishes. I doubt they even talk about me.\" June did not like to speak about her past. The moment she set foot in Europe, she promised herself not to think about it, but she was lying if she denied she missed her family. She missed her mother, her father, her little brother. She sacrificed everything for them and she got nothing in return. One might see her deeds as heroic, her family saw it as treason. She was the shame of the family. Bible's hands swiftly finished his work. Within minutes he held up her jacket, showing her the sleeve. \"Look!\" he said proudly. \"Thank you,\" June said gratefully, taking the sleeve in her own hands. \"Show this to Wardaddy next time he doubts your abilities.\" \"Damn right I will,\" Boyd laughed. She heard someone clear his throat behind her. June turned her torso, finding Collier standing behind them. He had a habit of appearing without making any noise. \"I would like to speak with June,\" he spoke, looking at Bible. He took the hint quickly enough, nodding his head slightly as he vacated the room. It had grown dark outside. She had no idea what time it was, but her body suddenly felt tired. Hell, she had never been fully awake. She raised from her chair, crossing her arms in front of her chest as she moved closer to Collier. The only light in the room came from a lightbulb hanging from the ceiling, casting dark shades over his face. \"How are you feeling?\" he asked her. \"Better,\" June replied honestly. \"A lot better. It was just… one of those moments, you know?\" Wardaddy nodded. \"Yeah,\" he replied softly. \"Can I ask you something?\" she asked. She hadn't stopped thinking about him and the nazi. His reaction. His aggression towards the man. She had never seen him like that before. He nodded again. \"What happened earlier? With the nazi?\" \"Nothing to worry about,\" Wardaddy replied calmly. \"Are you sure?\" she continued. \"Didn't look like nothing.\" \"Just make sure you kill all of them. Especially SS. Promise me.\" \"I promise,\" June said, slightly confused by his reaction but she figured it was all she was gonna get. She shuffled closer to him, reaching out her hand. She had to stand on her tiptoes because he towered over her. Her fingers traced the faint scars on his cheek. There were so many of them. Each and every one a reminder of the brutalities of war. He didn't seem to flinch at her careful touch, which encouraged her to keep her finger on his cheek. \"Were you in the war before this one?\" she asked, scanning his face. \"The Great War?\" \"Yes,\" he replied. \"Was it worse than this one?\" Collier remained silent for a moment, before replying: \"They are both bad in their own right.\" His gaze rested on hers. Her fingers had stopped tracing his scars. In the darkness he was so hauntingly beautiful. Her hand remained on his cheek. June found her head moving closer to his. She stopped when her lips were almost touching his. She could feel his breath on her skin. She could smell his strangely familiar scent. She could feel the tension growing between their bodies. \"I have a wife,\" Wardaddy whispered. \"We could die tomorrow,\" June also spoke softly. \"I do not want to die regretting not doing this.\" She just moved that tiny bit closer and let her lips softly brush against his, awaiting his reaction. There had always been a connection between the two, from the moment they had met. Don had given her something no one else had given her before. He had given her a chance. He had welcomed her. He had trusted her. She moved her head back, breathing carefully. Her eyes were closed, her hand still cupping his cheek. For a moment she thought that would be the end of it. But Wardaddy leaned in, having to reach down for the much smaller June. His lips found hers and his hands slid on the small of her back, pulling her closer to her body. June placed her other hand in his neck, letting his mouth guide her. She felt a sense of desire grow in the pit of her stomach. It had been years since she had been kissed like this. June felt his hand running through her still wet hair, gripping it softly near the back of her neck. It was amazing how tender he was for a man of his size. She parted her mouth, letting his tongue enter. The taste of alcohol and cigarettes filled her like she was reading a diary entry of what he had been doing minutes before he met her upstairs. He pulled away to breathe, immediately letting his lips crash against hers once he had inhaled the fresh oxygen. June took slow step backwards towards her master bedroom, her hands in his neck pulling him softly with her. Before letting herself fall on the bed, June took off her tank top, kicked off her shoes as fast as she could, her fingers fumbling with the laces, and slid her pants down. Collier had begun undressing as well. The years of war had been harder on her body than it had been on his. Where June had grown smaller and thinner, Wardaddy was muscular and tall. Neither of them spoke as she let her eyes wander up and down his impressive body. She had no idea he was hiding that underneath his uniform. June let herself fall back on the bed, spreading her legs for him. He pressed his body on hers. His skin felt surprisingly warm against hers. Her fingers gripped his back while he began to plant kisses down her neck. Her eyes opened wide when she felt more scars. Her fingers slid up and down his spine, feeling that the uneven and wrinkly skin covered his entire back. \"What happened?\" she whispered. \"With your back?\" \"I'll tell you later,\" Wardaddy grumbled. She arched her neck to the left. He continued kissing the curve of it. \"Promise?\" she asked, intrigued. \"Yes,\" he said moving his head upwards again, his eyes focussed on her. \"I promise.\" His hands reached behind her own back. Swiftly he had undone her bra, letting it fall of the bed before letting his lips brush softly against her breasts. A moan escaped her mouth. She did not want to think about the consequences this would have. June fully realized Wardaddy was her superior, but she couldn't stop herself and neither could he. He tickled her when his fingers slipped under her underwear, pushing it downwards. Before he could go further, June patted him on his back to get his attention, opening her mouth to speak. \"Don?\" she asked quietly, waiting for his eyes to find hers. Wardaddy nodded. \"Be gentle, okay? It's been a while.\" A/N: Well, it's safe to say I am very curious to your reactions. I didn't want to give you guys everything because I want to keep this story rated T (and because I get so awkward when writing sex scenes I just can't). I read your comments about a potential love triangle with Bible/June/Wardaddy and I do like the sound of that. About Norman, however, I just don't know how to cooperate him in the story? I want to, because I like his character, but there is no room on the tank? I do not want to kill somebody just so Norman can enter the story. If you have any ideas about him, please let me know. Oh, I also already have a final scene in mind and I can't wait to work towards that moment. I'll see you guys next time and please leave a review![Chapter 9] She slowly awoke the next morning, rubbing the sleep from her eyes as she turned around to find Wardaddy had disappeared. It was still dark outside, indicating it was still very early. Everything was silent, as if the entire war was still asleep, waiting to be woken up by the sound of gun shots. June pushed herself upwards, throwing the blankets that had been covering her body off her before quickly slipping in her tank top and underwear. Trying not to wake anyway, she opened the door as quietly as the could, but it still ended up creaking as she pushed it open. There was no one seated at the table so she continued her way downstairs. When she tiptoed in the living room she found Grady sleeping in an arm chair and Collier on the couch. She released her breath. For a moment she thought he'd left her behind. He had relocated downstairs, probably not wanting the men to know they had slept together. June wondered if the rest had heard them or if they had been too preoccupied with their own affairs to notice. She went upstairs again, jumping in bed. If she was lucky she could still catch a few more hours of sleep, but her mind constantly went back to the night before. Her and Collier. It had truly happened. She wondered if anything was going to change. Maybe he would just acknowledge it had been a moment of weakness and it was never going to happen again. Either way, June did not regret kissing him. She did not regret making love to him. \"June?\" Gordo knocked on the door, waiting for her to answer before opening. \"Pack up your stuff, we're heading out in fifteen minutes.\" How long had she been sleeping? The sun was streaming through the blinds. The silence of the night was gone and the cursing of soldiers echoed through the room. She quickly ran her fingers through her hair before putting on her uniform, grabbing her new gun from the kitchen table and make sure she left nothing behind. It would not have been the first time she left something as simple like a pair of scissors behind. All the hatches in the tank were open. She climbed in through her own, seating herself next to Gordo. \"Any word on were we are going?\" she asked him, stowing her stuff away right next to her. \"Nope,\" Gordo replied. \"We're gonna give the foot soldiers an escort to the next town but it isn't that far away so no idea where we are heading next.\" \"You had a good night's rest, June?\" Bible asked her. He was always seated behind her. She didn't turn her head. He would know by watching her expression something was up. Truth was she had slept great. Amazing, even. All thanks to Wardaddy. \"Yeah, not too bad,\" she replied, keeping her eyes fixed at the metal interior of the tank. All the guys had pictures of their families or hot girls stuck on the walls. Not June. She had no one. It didn't take long before they had all gathered in the tank and were heading out of town. June hadn't yet spoken with Wardaddy. His eyes had briefly met hers before turning away. She could only hope it would not stay this awkward for the rest of the war. They were not met with any enemy fire like last time. They practically sailed through the open field without a sign of danger. The men were all chatting amongst each other. June liked these days the best. The relaxing kind of days. When the bright sun shined over the amazing German country side with it's fields that were in full bloom, life was not too bad. People in America were never going to see the gorgeousness of this country like she was seeing it right now. They had dropped off the foot soldiers at an outpost. Now it was just the tanks and the occasional plane that flew by. Their next objective was a few days away so June prepared herself for a long drive. At the edge of another forest Gordo brought the tank to a halt. It had been awfully quiet in the tank. At first she had found it relaxing, but after a while she began to wonder if everyone was quiet for a reason. To be safe, she kept her mouth shut as well. \"If you need to piss now is your chance,\" Wardaddy spoke, disappearing after he had spoken. June looked at the forest and decided she was going to stay back at the tank. She climbed out through her hatch, wiping the sweat off her forehead as she sat on the edge of the tank. Under the shade of the trees the summer was somewhat bearable. \"Where is she?\" someone shouted. A soldier made large strides as he glided towards her, followed closely by another. She didn't recognize him but figured he'd be part of the tanks that were part of their convoy. \"You June Nichols?\" he demanded when he stood before her. June narrowed her eyes together, clenching her jaw. What was the meaning of this? \"Your little trip out there into the woods yesterday got one of us killed. You realize that?\" She held her breath. It felt like her heart had stopped beating. So she did get someone killed. \"What are you doing in this war anyway?\" he continued. The one who had been following closely began to tug at his sleeve, trying to pull him away from her. June was glued to the tank. She couldn't move. She managed to get out a very quiet apology which was neither heard nor appreciated by the soldier in front of me. \"Go home. You don't belong here. You got someone killed you fucking bitch!\" \"Get the fuck out of here, man,\" Bible said, suddenly appearing next to the tank, returning from his piss break. \"She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.\" \"She shouldn't be here in the first place,\" the soldier tried again. His fellow soldier managed to pull him away. She stared at the ground in both shame and guilt. Getting someone killed was never her intention. Her weakness had killed someone. \"You okay?\" Bible said, when he turned to her. June shrugged. \"He was right. It was my fault.\" Before he could reply she lowered herself through her hatch again, shielding herself from the outside world, hoping no one would notice her. The reputation she had build up had completely been torn to the ground in mere seconds. They continued their journey in another silence. June's mind kept returning to yesterday's event. The day had ended so well with her and Wardaddy, but back then she did not know the consequences of her actions. \"It could've happened to anyone,\" one might say, but it had happened to her. She had to face the repercussions. Her carelessness got her into this position. \"Is no one gonna say anything?\" Bible said after miles had passed. The tank was full of cigarette smoke and the stuffy weather made everything worse. June could open her hatch to let in some fresh air but she couldn't find the willpower to get up and face the world. \"Gordo?\" he tried. \"I guess we're just all a little sad about Johnson, you know.\" June looked up. Was that the guy she killed? Oh god, they knew him? \"It wasn't her fault,\" Boyd said. \"But he is dead,\" Grady began. \"And we can't bring him back.\" She wanted to scream. They were talking about her like she was not even there. But she was hearing everything. And she would remember everything. \"I'm sorry, okay,\" she spoke. \"I didn't mean to get anyone killed.\" \"If you just didn't venture in the woods all by yourself, none of this had happened,\" Gordo replied. \"It was a mistake, it won't happen again,\" June said. \"What more do you want me to say?\" \"Nothing,\" Gordo shrugged. She averted her eyes, trying to hold back the tears. She was back at square one. It had taken her a while to gain everyone's trust but she seemed to had lost it all. Even Bible remained quiet, as if he agreed with Gordo and Grady after reviewing their comments. And that was not all. Imagine if one of them found out she had sex with Wardaddy. Not only would she be branded as weak but also as a slut. Wardaddy's silence hurt her maybe the most. He was known to interfere quickly, but right now he had remained absolutely quiet. Did he have nothing to say about the matter? Did last night mean nothing to him? The night was spent in the tank. Her metal chair was a lot less comfortable than a bed and she terribly missed the privacy a room of her own gave, but right now she was not in the position for any demands. She tried to catch as much sleep as she possibly could, but thoughts clouded her mind and Grady's snoring kept her awake. The traveling continued. With every mile they were deeper into enemy territory. June hoped they would come around, but the ignoring continued. Bible occasionally gave her a soft smile, but she received nothing more than that. Did she had to prove herself all over again? They had taken a break near the edge of a destroyed village. The plan was to spend the night there, but none of them had realized the village had been transformed into a gigantic pile of rubble so she was doomed to another night inside the tank. Gordo and Grady were both rummaging through everything they could find, hoping to stumble across some kind of treasure that had miraculously survived the war. She tried to look for Bible, he seemed to have vanished into thin air. Wanting to stretch her legs, June decided to take a tour through the village that once was. Her gun dangled from her shoulder as she balanced herself as she made her way over the rubble. It struck her how she had not come across even one dead body. It seemed as if everyone got out in time which somehow soothed her. Too much innocent people had died already, it was refreshing to see some had been able to safe themselves. Her eyes fell on a tall figure quietly looking out over the fields that surrounded the town. June carefully edged closer, not taking her eyes off Wardaddy, wondering what he was thinking about, what he was looking for. He turned his head towards her when he heard someone approaching. June smiled softly, but she was not greeted with the same kindness. She took in a deep breath, trying to not let it affect her. She was stronger than this. \"You never told me about your scars,\" she reminded him, cutting straight to the chase. \"I'll tell you another time,\" Collier said, spinning on his heel to head back to the tank. June quickly grabbed his sleeve. \"You promised to tell me,\" she demanded. His eyes pierced through hers and she felt butterflies in her stomach fluttering. It was amazing how he could be so intriguing and intimidating at the same time. He was unlike any man she had ever met. \"I was captured,\" he spoke, never taking his eyes off hers. June didn't dare to look away. \"In the war before this one. They were ordered to get me to talk. I think you can fill in the rest.\" June nodded slowly, graphic images flowing in her mind, wishing she had never asked. Her mother had always told her she was too nosy for her own good. \"Are we ever going to talk about that night?\" she tried carefully, making use of the fact she had finally managed to grab his attention again. Wardaddy was about to walk away when he turned himself to him again, his face stern and his fists clenched. \"I'll tell you one thing about it,\" he said, moving closer to her again, holding her chin between his two fingers. \"It will never happen again.\" A/N: I love how half of you were so happy about what happened with Wardaddy and the other half was like NOOOOOOOO. I would like to know what you thought after this chapter ;) I also noticed a lot of my reviewers are actually guests. Why not create an account so you'll get an e-mail everytime I upload a knew chapter? Also I apologize for the longer wait. I had to work a lot over the past week. Hopefully I'll get the next chapter out sooner! Once again, thank you so much for reading and take care![Chapter 10] A week had passed. Bible was busy handing out the post among the tanks, making sure he had forgotten no one. Like usual, June did not receive anything. While the men were busy reciting their letters to each other, she laid back on top of the tank, enjoying the sun rays that hit her face, slowly warming her up, wondering what her brother was doing at that moment back at home. Did he ever think of her? Would he ever thank her for her sacrifice? The guys had grown more friendly to her again, but it was nowhere where it once was. June tried to stop caring about it, reminding her she was just here to serve her country and she was not here to make friends. Yet she could no deny that having a couple of friends made this whole war a lot easier. She was jealous of the bond the guys shared with each other. They had been together since Africa. She had been with them for just a short while. Would she ever be a part of them? Or did the fact that she was a woman restrict her from that privilege? \"June.\" Someone was tugging at her boot. Slowly she opened her eyes, the sun partly blinding her. She raised her head to see what was happening. \"We're heading out,\" Gordo said, disappearing behind the tank before she could reply. By the position of the sun June judged she must have dosed off. With her fingers she rubbed the sleep from her eyes before sliding off the tank to stretch her legs for a bit before she had to sit for another while again. A bullet whizzed past her ear. Before she could respond she heard another one. June ducked down. A loud cry came from her left and her eyes quickly fell on Gordo, grabbing his leg tightly. Her eyes widened as she acted as fast as she could. She kneeled beside him. A stain of blood was already forming in the fabric where the bullet had hit him. Her fingers gripped his leg tightly, trying to put pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding. \"Medic!\" she called out in despair. The bullet had gone into his thigh but she couldn't see if it had hit the main artery. Her eyes remained still on the wound, but the bloody mess restricted her from seeing what the damage was. \"Where the fuck did that come from?\" Gordo asked, tightening his face in pain. She shook her head. \"No idea. Keep still, okay?\" Around them people had started moving. They started to fire back in the direction where the bullets had come from, but June's guess was that it was from a sniper. They could shoot all they want but they were never going to get a sniper, not unless they knew the location. \"Medic!\" she called out again. Her eyes shifted from the blood pouring through his pants to his eyes. \"Stay with me, Gordo,\" she demanded after she thought she saw his eyes rolling back. \"Stay with me! MEDIC!\" A second pair of hands arrived. Wardaddy kneeled down next to her, also adding pressure to the wound. June seized the opportunity to quickly wipe loose strands of hair out of her face, accidentally smearing some blood across her cheek. She would clean up later. \"I think it's a sniper,\" she told Wardaddy. He nodded while ripping open a pack of sulphur to spread across the wound. \"Where the fuck is Bible,\" she muttered softly. She let Collier apply pressure while she released her grip to move to his head, taking it in her lap. \"You're doing good, Gordo,\" she told him. He coughed loudly. June was expecting the worst but luckily he did not cough up any blood. The pain was taking a toll on his body. He seemed much more lifeless than a few minutes earlier. His eyes were not as bright as they usually were. His breathing became more sporadic. \"Just stay with me, okay?\" She turned to Collier, lowering her voice as she spoke so Gordo couldn't hear. \"If Bible's not here soon he'll die…\" Wardaddy shook his head. \"He's not gonna die. I promised he'll make it through this war. I can't let him die.\" June could only hope he knew what he was saying. Promises like that were very hard to keep in moments like this. \"I'm here. I'm here!\" Bible breathed. He slid down through the mud to position himself next to Gordo. She still held his head into her lap. Boyd ripped up Gordo's pants before taking a better look at the wound. June kept her eyes fixed on Gordo, making sure she would not lose him. Wardaddy said something to Bible but the gunfire around her silenced their voices. She had no idea what was happening on the frontline. Were they actually shooting at anybody? Would there be an entire company of Germans waiting for them behind that embankment? It felt like hours had passed when they finally managed to get Gordo to a camp they had passed a few miles back. In reality it had been much shorter. Both her and Wardaddy had accompanied Boyd and Gordo to the camp to make sure he would live to see another day. Bible judged he would not be able to fix the wound on his own since he too feared the bullet had hit the main artery. But they were very lucky there was a surgeon stationed at the camp. \"Someone needs to let Grady know what is going on,\" Bible said after a long silence. They were waiting outside of the tent where the surgeon was working on Gordo. June was seated on a crate that had been turned upside down. Her head was buried in her hands as she tried to stop the thoughts from clouding her mind. Even though the guys had been rough on her, she could not help but worry for Gordo. The Fury team would not be the same without him. Wardaddy put out his cigarette with his boot. \"You can go back, let him know. We'll stay here.\" She had to admit she was surprised he did not order her to get back, but she appreciated it nevertheless. Staying away from the fighting was something she would not say no to. Bible nodded. \"What are we going to do when he has to stay here?\" June looked up. She had not thought about that. They were a man short and the driver was unmissable. Judging by the wound, Gordo would not be able to return for a while. \"We need someone else to drive,\" she replied, her gaze shifting between him and Wardaddy. \"Or we need a new assistant driver,\" Collier suggested, his eyes piercing through hers. She cocked her head. Was she hearing this correctly? \"Are you implying I would become the driver?\" \"That is exactly what I'm implying.\" \"I don't have any experience as the main driver. I've always been an assistant driver,\" she exclaimed, still not sure whether he was serious or not. Wardaddy took another cigarette from his package and stuck it between his lips before lighting it. \"Then consider yourself promoted.\" He got up and entered the tent where they were working on Gordo, leaving a stunned June behind. She turned her torso to Bible. \"Was he serious?\" she asked him with raised eyebrows. \"I guess so,\" he replied, a faint smile playing on his lips. \"You okay with that?\" \"No,\" June scoffed. \"You're putting someone with no combat experience behind the wheel of something I have only driven during basic training, which was well over a year ago.\" Bible inched forward and placed his hand on her shoulder, squeezing it softly. \"You'll do fine,\" he spoke reassuringly. \"Just don't ignore me for another week when I accidentally drive over and kill someone,\" June wanted to say, but she kept her mouth closed. Boyd disappeared to tell Grady about the news, leaving June behind at the camp. She was still seated on her crate, enjoying the sun while ignoring the comments that were thrown at her head. By now the soldiers remarks didn't even bother her anymore. Over the time she had learned how to deal with them and she just let them go over her head. She knew she was a better person than they were and that was all that mattered. Some time had passed when Wardaddy threw open the flap of the tent. He stood before her, blocking the sun she had been enjoying from her face, casting a cold shadow on her. June raised her eyebrows, awaiting the news while pushing her crate to the left so she was back in the sun again. \"He'll make it,\" Collier spoke. \"He's gonna go to another aid station where he'll receive more care.\" June smiled softly. \"That's great news.\" She narrowed her eyes as she looked into his, trying to read what he was thinking about but it was once again impossible. His stern eyes could literally mean anything. Was he happy? Angry? Scared? \"You got to keep your promise,\" she added, trying to get an answer to her ever burning question. But his expression did not change at all. Instead he spoke. \"Let's go. We need to find you a replacement.\" \"Oh, good,\" June said, jumping up from her crate, standing besides him. \"For a moment I thought you were putting me up in that driver's seat all by myself.\" They started walking. \"I'm not trying to get anyone killed,\" Wardaddy replied and June was sure she could hear a hint of amusement in his voice. With Collier by her side, the comments suddenly stopped. His authoritative presence seemed to protect her for the remarks that seemed to had been hitting her just minutes earlier. June was lying if she did not admit she liked the peace and quiet. Never before had she been able to walk across camp in such tranquility. They entered Cpt. Waggoner's tent. The tent sheltered him from the outside world. The only natural light came from a couple of bullet holes in the canvas. He was studying a map guided by the light of a lantern. He looked up when Collier cleared his throat. June stood awkwardly next to him, not sure what to do. Waggoner had a much higher rank than she had, was she supposed to salute him? Say nothing? \"Oh, right,\" Waggoner spoke, nodding his head when he remembered. \"You're coming for your replacement?.\" \"We are,\" Collier replied, a soft smile playing on his lips. Waggoner put down his pencil and folded his map, tucking it away in his breast pocket before leading them out of the tent. \"Don't expect too much,\" he warned. \"Finding experienced replacements at this point in the war is hard. Hell, finding replacements at all is fucking hard.\" \"I appreciate your efforts,\" Wardaddy replied. June walked behind them, her eyes focussed ahead. With the arrival of a replacement, she was no longer the new one. All the shit jobs she had to do would go to him. All the snarky remarks would go to him. She was a little ashamed to admit it, but she liked that. Maybe it would make her feel more part of the team, especially after everything that had happened. She wanted nothing more than to belong again. \"Ellison?\" Waggoner called out when the came to a halt before a make-shift office. There were several men seated behind tiny desks which were balancing on the unstable mud of the German countryside. They were typing away on typewriters like June had had at home. Writing letters and reports, these men had nothing to do with the combat side of war. Her eyes scanned all the soldiers, wondering if one of them would be assigned to Fury. Neither of them looked like they had any fighting experience. Their uniforms were still fresh and clean. Their fingers were not caked with sand and blood. There was no trace of hair on their faces. Was this really all Waggoner could get? A scrawny boy just a little taller than she was stood up. He saluted them. \"That's me, sir,\" he spoke nervously. He dropped his hand to his side and immediately clenched his fist. Both her and Wardaddy were speechless. His nervousness was not a good indication. Combat situations would be much more stressful than this moment could ever be. How was he ever going to manage? How were they going to manage not getting him killed? For a moment she thought Wardaddy was going to decline. But even he had to realize they had no other options but to take him in. With the proper guidance, he might be of some use. An unexperienced driver was better than no driver at all. \"What's your name boy?\" he asked him, taking a step forward to get a good look at him. June continued to study his features, coming to the conclusion he probably was a few years younger than she was. \"Ellison, sir,\" he replied with the same nervousness as before. \"Norman Ellison.\" A/N: Wow! Thank you all for the reviews. I've never had so many in such a short amount of time, please keep them coming! Also, sorry this took a long time. Sadly, university has started again and I have a lot of courses this semester which means a lot of homework :( The upside is that we're seriously going to discuss Fury during one of my courses so I'm very excited about that. But most importantly: NORMAN. YES! I managed to write him in! I'm not exactly sure where I'm gonna take it from here, but we'll see. So, please let me know what your thoughts were and until next time. Take care! (Oh, and happy Valentine's Day!)[Chapter 11] Her foot firmly pressed down the metal pedal. Slowly she breathed in, and slowly she breathed out, keeping her eyes on the road ahead. Her hatch had been closed off since the sniper who had shot down Gordo had not been located. With her hands she worked the gears and the steering which proved to require a lot of skill since she had to do it all at the same time. June tried her best to remember her basic training, cursing she had not paid more attention to Gordo while he was driving the tank. She did not even have a drivers license for a car, yet here she was, driving a tank behind enemy lines. And still they expected her to keep everyone alive. But she wasn't the only one that was doomed. Behind her sat Norman, their new recruit. He had admitted he hadn't even been inside of a tank before and upon learning Gordo had been wounded, Grady had not welcomed him very warmly. \"Fuck,\" she muttered under her breath when the transmission got stuck, but Wardaddy had managed to hear her nevertheless. \"Everything going okay, June?\" he said. She could feel all their eyes staring at her back. She wanted to get back on the assistant driver's seat so badly. This was not what she was trained for. This was going to get them all killed. \"Shut up please,\" she snapped back. \"I'm trying to concentrate.\" Grady chuckled softly which made her only more aggravated but she decided to ignore it. \"If you spot anything, Norman,\" Bible spoke. \"Shoot at it. Don't care if it's a bird or a deer, kill it.\" \"With my machine gun?\" he replied, his voice unsteady. He was peering through his optics. \"Yes, with your machine gun,\" Bible replied. June expected the tone of his voice to be annoyed, but Boyd seemed to be slightly amused by Norman's question. June was very grateful Collier had put Fury in the midst of the convoy. At least she did not have to lead the other tanks, but she could follow them, making the already stressful journey just a little bit less stressful. Orders were to get to another town where they where going to rest for the night. The following day would be spend seizing crossroads from the Nazi's. June was already mentally preparing herself for battle, hoping she would get enough practice today to remember everything she had learned back in the United States. Their piss break could not come soon enough. As soon as they came to a halt after concealing the tanks behind a hedgerow, June threw open her hatch, breathing in the fresh air as she climbed out. She positioned herself on the top of the tank, letting her feet dangle of the side. From a pocket in her pants she retrieved a pack of cigarettes she had managed to snap up back at camp. She never smoked, yet today she longed for a cigarette. She needed something to take the edge off. Norman opened his hatch as well and placed himself next to her. June extended her arm to offer him a cigarette, but he declined. \"Norman,\" Wardaddy said, he stood still before them on the ground, his boots pressed in the mud. \"Make sure you eat something.\" Norman nodded. June lit her cigarette and slowly took a drag, letting the smoke fill her lungs. She was lying if she said she liked the taste of it, but right now the smoke kind of felt good. It was just another bad habit she picked up during her time in Europe. If her parents would see her now… Collier's eyes fell on her. \"I need to speak with you.\" \"Okay,\" June shrugged. \"Take a walk with me,\" he added after it became apparent June wasn't moving. She threw her cigarette in the mud and slid off the tank, landing softly. She was already preparing herself for criticism. Anyone could've seen she was not the most convincing driver. They started walking towards the back of the convoy. The guys they passed were all laughing and joking with each other and June wished she was laughing along with them. She wished everything could go back to what it was before. \"Before you say anything,\" June said, speaking up before Wardaddy had the chance. \"I know I'm a fucking shitty driver, okay. But you put me in this position. I'd take the assistant driver's seat in a heartbeat if it was possible.\" Collier placed his hand on her arm and came to a halt. June's gaze switched from his eyes to his hand on her arm and back. His touch triggered the butterflies in her stomach again. For a moment she saw the man she had been making love with again. \"You did fine,\" he spoke, releasing his grip from her arm and letting it fall to his side. \"You're obviously not as good as Gordo, but I did not expect you to be.\" June narrowed her eyes. \"Is this a trick?\" she questioned, not sure what his intentions are. \"It's not a trick, June.\" Those eyes again. Those icy blue eyes. Why was he doing this to her? She longed for him. She lusted for him. She wanted his hands on her body again. His lips against hers. June shook her head, shaking the thoughts for her head. No. It couldn't happen again. These feelings had to stop. \"You can drive,\" Collier spoke, his eyes never leaving hers. \"Be confident and do not get us killed. You'll do fine.\" And somehow she believed him. They reached their village in the evening. It wasn't much of a village. Only a couple of houses and a postoffice that had been transformed into the headquarters for the officers. While driving, June had kept Wardaddy's words in mind and it had made her more confident. It did, however, not mean she was able to park the tank in one try. She needed several attempts to get it exactly where she wanted it. While the other platoons set up a perimeter and made sure everything was clear, they had been instructed with clearing the house on the far right of the street. June grabbed her M1, folding out the end so it was more steady, and climbed out of the tank. When her eyes fell on Norman she couldn't help but feel sorry for him. He was struggling with his machine gun, trying to reload. \"Have you ever reloaded it?\" she asked with raised eyebrows after watching the ordeal. \"I've never even shot this thing,\" he admitted annoyed after finally reloading it properly. \"Are you kidding me?\" June asked, stunned. \"Only during basic training,\" he replied. Grady stood next to her. \"What did I just hear?\" June looked up to him and took a step to the right so she stood before him, as if she shielded Norman from Grady. \"Let it go, Grady,\" she warned. \"This is not the time.\" An awkward silence followed. June looked from Grady to Norman. She knew he was pissed off because of Gordo. They had always been as thick as thieves and she figured he saw Norman as a replacement for him. But June knew how hard her first days had been and she could only try to make his first days as easy as possible. She took a step forward closer to Norman. \"Just shoot anything that moves, okay? And don't keep your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot.\" He nodded and smiled somewhat gratefully. Luckily there was no need for them to shoot at all. The village had been deserted as well as the close surroundings. In matter of minutes they had made themselves at home. Their platoon had been assigned to the living room so June quickly seized a couch for herself, figuring she deserved it after driving the tank for the first time. \"Hey, June,\" Bible called for her. She turned her head to face him. He jumped up from his arm chair and sat down next to her. \"Let me those stitches,\" he ordered, waiting for her to take off her jacket before gently taking her arm into his hands. \"You think they're ready to come out?\" she asked, looking down at the two cuts that had been stitched up by a medic. \"Think so, yeah,\" Bible replied, studying the cuts intensively. The flesh around the cuts looked alright. There was no discoloring anymore and it didn't hurt at all when touching it. June wasn't a trained medic but even to her it looked quite good. \"Will it hurt?\" she asked to be sure. \"Nah,\" Bible answered. \"By now your body has rejected the stitches so they should be coming right out.\" Fifteen minutes later her arm was free. Two narrow lines was the only thing that was left behind. Two narrow scars, almost unnoticeable. \"Thank you,\" she told Bible gratefully, thanking him for his care and his gentleness. She could hardly imagine Grady doing something like this. His fingers would rip the stitches right out of her arm, damaging the cuts again. She was happy they had someone like Bible on their platoon. Suddenly music started playing outside. The song that was being played felt very familiar. June turned her head to look out of the window. She perked her ears and closed her eyes. It almost felt like she was right at home, as if the song had transported her instantly back to the United States. And then she remembered. Dance classes! She had heard this song before at dance classes! June pictured herself in her red sparkly gown she always had to wear. Her heels always hurt her feet but she danced a lot better while wearing them. She also remembered her dance partner and how he was quite handsome. Her mother had always spurred her on to go on a date with him, but that was mostly because he came from a good and wealthy family. She opened her eyes again and saw that soldiers had gathered out on the street to drink and dance. \"Bible, dance with me,\" she suddenly spoke, looking at him. He raised his eyebrows in surprise. \"Dance?\" he asked her unsure. \"Yeah, come on!\" June said while taking his hand and pulling him from the couch. \"I used to dance the waltz on this. You know the waltz, right?\" \"I do,\" he replied, his body frozen. June placed her right hand on his shoulder and her other hand took his into hers. Bible quickly picked up what she was doing and placed his right hand on her waist, letting it rest there lightly. Slowly they started to move on the rhythm of the music. One, two, three. One, two, three , she counted in her head. They got the hang of it in mere seconds and picked up the pace. This was fun. This actually was fun. \"You're pretty good,\" June laughed, realizing how much she had missed laughing. \"You're not so bad yourself,\" Bible replied, also smiling. They moved around the room, careful not to hit Norman who was seated on another couch, watching them with an amused grin on his face. Her gaze constantly shifted from his dark eyes to her feet, trying to keep up with the tempo of the music. She felt his grip on her waist tightening as they went around faster. Waltzing was never this fun with her old dance partner. After a few minutes the music slowed down and changed into something else entirely. June and Bible came to a halt, both slightly out of breath. They looked at each other with a big smile on their face. June let her hand slide of his shoulder before taking a step back. When she turned her head to look at Norman she noticed someone else stood behind him. It was Wardaddy. For a moment she expected him to be angry, but a soft smile was playing on his lips. \"We should probably try and catch some sleep,\" Bible spoke softly but loud enough that everyone could hear. He was still looking her in her eyes. \"We got a busy day up ahead.\" June nodded. \"Good idea,\" she said, although adrenaline was still rushing through her veins and she doubted she would be able to sleep soon. If only the music hadn't changed and she could've danced just a little longer. She didn't want to think about driving in combat tomorrow just yet. The door of the living room slammed open and Grady stumbled in. In his left hand he carried a bottle of liquor and it was easy to see he was very drunk. His words were slurred and June had no idea what he was going on about. \"If you're not alert tomorrow…,\" Wardaddy warned him as Grady let himself fall in the arm chair Bible had initially claimed. \"Fucking hell, don't worry,\" he managed to get out before dropping the bottle out of his hand and quickly falling asleep. Bible looked at the Persian carpet on the ground, probably wondering how the hell he was going to sleep on that without hurting his back. June saw him looking and quickly began to speak. She didn't want anyone to sleep on the ground, they all deserved a good night's rest. \"You can sleep on the couch with me, if you want? I mean it's wide enough for both of us.\" She looked at the leather couch. They would easily fit on there. Even it if it was a bit tight, it would still be a lot comfortable than sleeping on the hard and cold ground. \"You don't mind?\" he asked her carefully, his eyes scanning the couch. \"Not at all!\" June spoke. She grabbed a blanket and handed it to him before taking her own and lying down, positioning her pillow so she was comfortable. When she saw Bible wasn't moving she patted on the leather besides her, motioning him to come. Her eyes quickly met with Wardaddy, who positioned himself on the second couch on the other side of the room. Norman had taken the other arm chair. Where he would usually hold her gaze for a few seconds, he now quickly looked away and positioned himself in such a way she couldn't see his face. She ruffled her brows but she followed his lead, turning her back towards the room. Bible placed himself next to her, careful not to touch her body. June smiled softly as she listened to the sounds of him making himself comfortable. Grady's snoring soon filled the room and June started to count the minutes that passed until she dozed off as well. A/N: A little something for all the June/Bible shippers out there. This was actually a really fun chapter to write. Also about the fact that Bible is married... yeah I might just pretend he's not. He doesn't strike me as the type who would cheat, since he's quite religious and stuff. Please let me know what your thoughts were as I'm very intrigued because this chapter was more Bible/June than Wardaddy/June. Please let me know and until next time![Chapter 12] June was the first to awake the following morning. Sunlight delicately streamed through the curtains into the living room. The music had stopped and the soldiers had stopped partying. The sound of snoring now softly filled the room. Slowly she opened her eyes. She still had her back to the room. Soft breathing reached her ear, sending tickles down her spine. June frowned and carefully raised her head a little so she could peer into the room. She felt something heavy on her body. Her eyes widened when she saw what was pinning her down. It was Bible's arm. It wasn't until now June noticed how closely pressed he was against her and it was his breathing that she heard. He had slept with his head buried in her hair while his arm had rested lightly on her body. Awkwardly she put her head down again, her mind racing. Why did he have his arm around her? She liked Bible, she had always liked him. He was the only one to be kind to her from the beginning, but she never looked at him from a romantic angle before. Had his arm ended up on her by pure coincidence or did he have feelings for her? June held her breath. Cursing the fact she danced with him. What if it had made him think she also had feelings for him? Her body tensed when Bible suddenly removed his arm to cough into his hand. June closed her eyes, pretending to be asleep, burying her face under her hair. Boyd turned around and he now had his back towards her. She let out a soft sigh of relief but waited for a few minutes to make sure he had gone back to sleep again before getting up. Quietly she pushed herself upwards and carefully moved over Bible, making sure she didn't touch him in the process. When her feet were on the ground she immediately headed out of the door. She was in dire need of some fresh air. Judging by the crisp air it was still early. The sun was just peaking over the mountains in the distance, casting everything in a slightly orange light. June looked at her tank. Fury the barrel read. She never knew why that name was chosen and made a mental note to ask Wardaddy about it. She felt a presence behind her. June turned her head to look over her shoulder. It was Norman. He looked like shit. He had bags under his eyes, his hair was a mess and even after a day he managed to get his uniform dirty. Black smears covered his trousers and his right sleeve was stained with blood. June had no idea whose blood it was. \"Slept okay?\" she asked, looking ahead of her again. Norman stood next to her. \"Not really,\" he replied, an uneasy tone to his voice. \"Me neither,\" June replied honestly. She knew what they both were afraid of. Today they were going to head straight into combat with the two least experienced soldiers behind the wheel of the tank. It was safe to say June was not looking forward to it. They stood there in silence, admiring the sunrise. June suddenly realized this could be the last sunrise she would ever see, and immediately she began to appreciate its beauty. The chance to die was great every day, but today the odds of dying had increased. She could only hope Wardaddy would keep his promise and get them through it safely. After a while more soldiers emerged on the streets. An uneasy tension hung among them. Everyone was preparing for combat. All those who had been partying yesterday now were only focussing on living another day to party. Wardaddy flashed her a kind smile as he approached her and Norman. They had already taken their positions in the tank, trying to get used to each other. \"We'll be heading out in 10 minutes,\" he told her before turning himself to Norman. \"Make sure Bible and Grady are here when we leave. Use whatever means necessary to get them out of there, okay?\" Norman nodded and climbed off the tank, jogging towards the house they had been sleeping in. Collier looked up to her. \"Come down for a second, I want to show you the map.\" While he reached inside of his jacket to retrieve the map, June jumped down and went to stand next to him, her eyes pinned on the map he placed on the tank so he could show her what exactly they were going to do that day. \"See this?\" he asked, his finger point at a crossroad. \"This is the crossroad we need to retake.\" He began to turn the map so that it faced north. \"Krauts are positioned here, and here,\" he pointed at two distinct points on the map. \"They got the general stuff, heavy weapons, artillery, you name it. But there have been reports of Tiger tanks around here.\" June followed his finger over the map, trying to remember everything he was telling her carefully. \"How many Tigers?\" she asked, looking up at him. His fierce blue eyes pierced through hers. \"I don't know. Could be one, could be ten.\" \"Ten?\" she scoffed. \"They definitely want us dead.\" \"If with 'they' you mean the Krauts, you are very correct,\" Wardaddy chuckled. June was more thinking about her CO's. They were heading right into a trap. There were not many of them. Last time she counted there were about 12 tanks, all with a five person crew. Infantry soldiers were not accompanying them and neither was air support. This was going to be very hard but if she were to trust Wardaddy, it was doable and he had done worse. \"I have faith in you,\" he spoke. \"I'm not saying it's gonna be easy. But you have the skills necessary to get us through there.\" \"And Norman?\" June asked, not forgetting about her even less experienced assistant driver. \"I will keep an eye out on him. Don't worry about it.\" She heard the voices of Grady and Bible growing louder with every step they took towards the tank. June looked behind her over her shoulder but quickly turned her head again and stared at the map when Bible had spotted her. A knot formed in her stomach. Had Bible realized he had slept with his arm around her and his face pressed into her hair? June felt her heartbeat increasing as he stood next to her. Wardaddy explained the plan to them a second time. She kept her eyes focussed on the map as she didn't dare to look at him. From now on she had to be careful with how she acted around him. She didn't want to give him the wrong idea, not now since everything was going back to normal. They positioned themselves inside the tank. June chatted with Norman. Grady still refused to talk to him except for the occasional snarky remark. Both Bible and Wardaddy head their bodies popped out of the main hatch in the middle of the tank. She was kind of glad she had to focus on driving. Her mind was with the road at all times which didn't leave her much time to think about Bible. With her hatch open driving the tank was even more difficult. She couldn't see any of her controls and she had to trust herself she knew what she was doing. There were three tanks before hers so she could follow their tracks. Behind her was the rest of the convoy. June was glad she was in the middle. It gave her a sense of security. When they reached a road with a perfect line of trees for concealment Wardaddy ordered her to halt over the comm. \"Let's take a break,\" he said, her earpiece crackling when he began to speak. June let the tank come to halt before shutting off the engine. She took off her helmet and placed her hands on the outside tank so she could push herself out of her hatch, sliding off. \"I gotta pee,\" she spoke a little awkwardly. \"Could someone come with me?\" June remembered all too well what had happened the last time she had gone to pee in the woods all by herself. She wasn't taking any chances this time. \"Just pee in the tank,\" Grady said, opening his gun to make sure everything was still clean. \"And give you an excuse to stare at my ass,\" June replied with raised eyebrows. \"I think I'll pass.\" Grady rolled his eyes and turned his back towards her, giving Norman a dirty look as he turned. When speaking she had made sure Bible had been out of sight. The last thing she wanted was him to come along with her. \"Let's go,\" Wardaddy suddenly appeared next to her. June had hoped Norman would've said yes, but she figured having Collier by herself would mean absolutely nothing could happen. She nodded and they set off to through the line of trees which proved to be the beginning of a small forest which was probably planted by some of the farmers who had lived nearby before the war. \"How many more miles until we get to the crossroad?\" June asked, carefully placing her feet on the uneven ground. \"About thirty,\" Collier replied. They came to a halt. They were out of sight from the tanks, concealed by the many bushes and trees that stood between them. June crossed her arms in front of her chest as Wardaddy's eyes found hers. \"June,\" he began. \"Yes?\" she breathed. Collier saying her name send butterflies straight to her stomach. And then he inched his head closer and pressed his lips against hers. June was taken by surprise. Was she dreaming? What was he doing? But she couldn't stop herself to ask. She moved her hands into his neck as she stood on her tiptoes because he towered over her. Wardaddy moved one hand to the small of her back, pulling her body against his while cupping her cheek with his other hand. He tasted like cigarette smoke with a faint hint of the whiskey he had drank the evening before. For a moment she was scared someone might see them but when she felt his tongue brushing against her lip, asking for entrance she suddenly forgot what she was thinking about. Eagerly she parted her lips, feeling his tongue against hers. She had dreamed about this ever since that evening. However she had always expected those dreams to stay dreams since Wardaddy had told her off the following day. This was never going to happen again, yet here they were, doing it again. His hand slid down from her back to her butt, his fingers tracing the curve through her thick trousers, before sliding up again. June took a deep breath when he pulled away, her eyes lost in his. \"Why did you do that?\" she asked softly. Her lips were only inches away from his and it was hard to not press them against his again. \"The mission they gave us is not gonna be easy,\" he spoke. \"You're saying I might not survive this day?\" \"I'm saying we all might not survive this day.\" June looked at her feet, steadying her breathing. His hands were still on her hips, as if he was not ready to let go. \"What about your promise? You said it could be done.\" Wardaddy shook his head. \"When I made that promise I still had hope and I wanted you to have hope. But this war is not over. Many more will die. The odds are not in my favor anymore. I'm not sure if I can keep the promise.\" A/N: Hello! I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Next chapter will involve a combat scene I'm nervous about writing. Anyway, sorry Bible/June shippers, it had to be done, haha. Please let me know what your thoughts were and until next time! :)[Chapter 13] The day had grown dark and gloomy, as if it knew what was about to happen. Their tanks rolled onto the fields. The crossroads were in their sight. There were five Tigers. Even though there were twelve of them, the Tigers were much stronger than their Shermans. They didn't stand a chance not unless they all worked together. All their hatches were closed off. Bible and Grady were preparing the gun, making sure they were not gonna waste any time when they had to act quickly. June was peering through her optics, occasionally shouting instructions to Norman who seemed to be glued to his metal chair. The chair she was supposed to be seated in. Her hands worked the controls as she edged the tank forward. They were driving side by side, guns blazing. The only sounds she could make out was the sound of bullets flying through the air and Wardaddy and the other sergeants cursing over the comms. She didn't have any time to think about what had happened in the woods. Wardaddy had kissed her. He had taken the initiative. For a moment she had been so happy and relieved. He still wanted her. But then he spoke about his intentions behind the kiss and her confidence was shattered. \"June, drive up another hundred yards and then make a sharp turn to the left,\" Collier ordered. \"We're gonna try to get them from the sides. Murder Inc. is coming with us, wait for my command. Coon-Ass get ready to load.\" She held her breath as she waited for his order. Twenty yards, thirty yards, forty yards. When the final yards approached she got ready, her fingers ready to act. \"June, GO.\" Her fingers gripped the controls and she pulled hard, turning the tank to the left, following Murder Inc. Instinctively she ducted for a string of bullets headed her way, but the bullets were never going to hit her through the metal exterior of the tank. She followed Murder Inc. closely. Behind her Bible and Grady were shouting while working the gun. She couldn't make out what they were saying. Her mind was too clouded with thoughts to be able to make anything out. June took her eyes off the road for a second, taking a look at Norman, realizing he wasn't doing anything. \"Norman?\" she shouted. \"Fucking shoot something. Help me get through this field!\" But he seemed to be too overwhelmed by everything to react. He had leaned back in his chair, his eyes focussed on nothing while he was softly sobbing. June looked back through her optics. She couldn't afford to be distracted for so long. Noticing she had gone to the right slightly she adjusted the course of the tank, falling in line behind Murder Inc. perfectly. \"NORMAN,\" she tried again. Wardaddy had heard her over the comm. She felt a presence behind her and suddenly she was able to make out his voice. \"Norman,\" Wardaddy spoke sternly. \"Do your fucking job. If you're not shooting them, they're gonna shoot you. If you want to be alive at the end of the day I suggest you start doing something right now.\" His pep talk seemed to have worked. Norman picked up his machine gun and started the shoot. June saw his tracers fly through the fields, hitting nothing. She didn't want to say anything about it, she was glad he was back in the game again. She felt Wardaddy's hand on her shoulder, giving it a soft squeeze before he disappeared again. His touch send shivers down her spine, but she had to admit his gesture made her feel appreciated. Maybe she wasn't doing too bad after all. Maybe he had been wrong. Maybe they were going to live through the day. \"Bible get ready!\" Wardaddy spoke through the comms again. They had reached the flanks. June turned the tank so they came directly face to face with the Tigers. She spotted them in the distance. They were turning as well, ready to shoot. \"Fucking hell,\" June muttered when she noticed the huge Tigers. Compared to them their Fury was nothing. Their shot just barely missed them. A few feet lower and that would've been the end of it. But they were still alive and pressing through. Bible took a shot which hit their heavy siege gun full on, making it unusable. \"How is the rest doing, Collier?\" Bible asked. It took him a moment to reply. \"Four are gone,\" he spoke with heavy heart. \"Shit,\" June said. It felt as if her heart stopped beating when she realized she was driving right over dead bodies, crushing them under the tank. Don't look at them , she thought. Keep your eyes focussed ahead. Don't look at them. And so she followed the other tank through the blood stained mud, outflanking the Tigers. But the Germans were catching up on their plan. She watched two of the Tigers break away from their convoy, turning to them. It was now two against two. \"Keep moving, June. KEEP MOVING,\" Wardaddy shouted over the comms. Grady and Bible kept firing their gun, but their shots seemed to fail to hit anything. They were lucky the Germans weren't hitting anything either. All their shots just missed them. June let the tank come to a halt. Murder Inc had been hit. Fire erupted in the tank next to them. She held her breath as she watched the men threw open their hatches, trying to escape the fire that was going to burn them alive. \"June,\" Grady said, grabbing her shoulders to shake her to wake her up. She kept looking at the soldiers. Some escaped with their uniforms burning while others didn't make it. The fire spread quicker than they could escape. \"JUNE!\" Grady tried again. When his shaking started to get rougher June snapped out of it. Her mind seemed to be clear again and she could focus again. \"What do I do?\" she asked. \"Where do I go?\" The two Tigers were heading to them. Her heartbeat started to increase as she began to notice the details on the far superior tanks. They were getting so close now. And they were only by themselves. \"Push back,\" Wardaddy ordered. \"We need to link up with the rest.\" June reversed the tank while Grady fired off another round. It hit the ground just in front one of the Tigers, creating a big cloud of smoke around them. \"Go, go, go!\" Collier shouted. June bit her lip as she tried her best to get them out of there as quickly as possible. She couldn't see what the Germans were doing behind that wall of smoke, but she could see their own tanks. Their own tank included, there were only five of them left. The smoke screen gave them an advantage. June was able to turn the tank away from the Tigers, joining the rest. Wardaddy was speaking with the other sergeants over the comms, working out a strategy. \"Don't waste all your bullets, Norman,\" June spoke when she noticed he hadn't stopped shooting. \"We don't have an unlimited supply. When you think you have a good shot, take it.\" He nodded and he stopped shooting. To their right a Tiger emerged from the cloud of smoke, but they were able to dismantle it. Seeing the Tiger explode gave her courage and hope. The Germans weren't untouchable. If they kept going, they could make it. June cursed her superiors for sending them into this battle. They needed air support, yet it was not given to them. They needed more than this. The only thing left to do was to quickly think of a plan to make it through. \"If I don't get a fucking medal for this,\" June muttered to herself although she knew she would never get a medal. Any medal she would have earned would go to her brother. Her dog tag didn't even read June Nichols. Technically she didn't even exist. A second Tiger went up in flames. June advanced Fury forward. She had her eyes set on one of them and she wanted nothing more to see that one go up in flames as well. For the first time in the war she felt blood thirsty. Never before did she want to kill something so badly. Sadly the killing was left for the guys. The only thing she could do was guide them to the tank, making it easier for them to hit their targets. \"Fuck,\" she said when the tank on her left came to a halt after it was hit. It was three against three now. \"Push through, June,\" Wardaddy informed her. \"Get up as close as you can. The only way we're able to win this thing is in close range.\" Tanks never fought at close range yet this situation called for a lot of improvising. \"We're getting too close!\" June said when she came face to face with a Tiger. She could stare directly in the barrel of their gun. One shot and it would be done, finished. \"Keep going!\" Wardaddy said. Her heart started to pound uncontrollably. It was as if she was staring death right in the face. \"GRADY HURRY,\" she shouted. They needed to be faster than them. Time seemed to slow down when Bible called their shot. She watched it soar through the air. It slowly got closer and closer to the Tiger. And it hit it before they were able to make a shot. \"YES,\" Bible shouted when he saw what his shot had done. June couldn't contain her smile, she averted the tank and went around the Tiger. Norman shot down all the Germans trying to escape. \"Good job, Norman,\" June nodded, looking ahead where the rest of the Tigers were. But there were none left. \"We did it!\" a sergeant called over the comms. \"We goddamn fucking did it!\" June let her tank come to a halt. Her fingers ached from gripping the controls. Her entire body was cramped and tense yet it couldn't help her from stop laughing victoriously. The celebration quickly concluded when they saw the impact of the battle. They headed into this fight with twelve tanks but only four came out. They had taken the crossroad, but at a great cost. Adrenaline was still rushing through her veins when June found herself wandering the fields, looking for a spot clear of blood and guts to sit down. She stopped in her tracks when she spotted someone in the distance, kneeled on one knee. She narrowed her eyes and quickly recognized him as Wardaddy. For a moment she decided against going to him, but then she remembered what had happened earlier. He had kept her alive. The least she could do was thank him. Quietly she shuffled towards him. Collier was staring in the distance. She bit her lip as she approached him, clearing her throat to let him know of her presence. A cigarette balanced on his lips as he rested his arms on his knee, leaning forward. He looked weary. Was it right of her to come to him? \"You kept your promise,\" June spoke, taking a knee besides him. \"Yeah,\" Wardaddy nodded, but she heard a hint of disappointment in his voice. He extended his arm to offer her his cigarette, which she accepted. She brought it to her mouth and took a slow drag, enjoying the smoke that filled her lungs before breathing it out. She gave it back to him and watched him do the same. \"You did good today,\" he spoke, looking at her. \"Thanks,\" she replied with a soft smile. She appreciated that coming from him. \"I kept us alive, but what about the rest?\" June took a deep breath. \"You can't save them all. They might have been your friends, but they were not your responsibility. They had their own sergeant. They had their own protector.\" His eyes still pierced through her. \"You are too good for this war,\" he spoke, serious. June scoffed. \"No one is above war.\" A/N: I needed to get this chapter out as soon as possible. I had some difficulty writing the battle scenes, mostly because I find I don't know enough to properly write them. All the technical terms and strategies and how tanks actually work, I just... don't know. So hopefully I did not disappoint. Anyway, I'm looking forward to writing the next chapter. Until next time and please leave a review! I really appreciate them! :)[Chapter 14] Once the infantry had passed through the crew was able to get to their next town. It was still early in the day which meant there were quite a few hours of daylight left when they would arrive. June couldn't wait to use her hours of free time to be alone and think. Even if it meant shutting herself in an outhouse. Wardaddy informed them the town would not be deserted like the others they had been in. Behind her June heard Grady chuckling softly. She rolled her eyes. Where there were people there were women. Because they had returned with so few of them they all could take a house for themselves. Bible decided they were to take a typical German house. It had a white exterior with exposed beams and wooden shutters. It was still entirely intact, as was most of the town. Judging by the amount of people out on the street it almost looked like the war had failed to hit this town. Grady kicked open the locked door, damaging it in the process. He shrugged when he saw the damage he had caused and proceeded to the room on his left. June came in right behind him, her weapon aimed in front of her. The town did not look hostile but she was rather safe than sorry. The living room was clear, but judging by a mug of hot tea still steaming the house was definitely not abandoned. The kitchen was clear as was the dining room. Bible led them upstairs and turned to a bedroom. June checked the bathroom but found it was clear as well. Where were they hiding? \"June?\" she heard Bible shout from the bedroom he had entered. \"Yeah?\" she answered, taking one good look around the bathroom before finding him in the bedroom. He was standing still before a crib, his eyes resting on something inside of it. And then it started crying. A baby. June shuffled closer, her eyes widening as she saw the baby. Judging by the style of clothes it was wearing it was a boy. She cocked her head to the right when it didn't stop crying, unsure what to do. \"Are you going to take it?\" he asked her impatiently. She switched her gaze from the baby to him, raising her eyebrows. \"Why me?\" she asked. \"You found it first.\" \"I just…\" Bible tried to talk but June cut him off before he could finish his sentence. \"It's because I'm a woman, isn't it?\" she said, unimpressed. \"No!\" Bible tried to reply, but she wasn't stupid. \"Babies hate me. I just don't know what to do with them,\" she hissed when the baby started to cry louder. Where were the parents? \"What's going on here?\" Grady appeared in the doorway. He took large strides towards them, pushing them both aside to look at what they had found. \"A baby,\" he spoke softly before turning himself to them. \"Well what are you waiting for? He's gotta go. We found the rest hiding in the bedroom, I guess they forgot him.\" Neither Bible nor June reacted as they helplessly watched the baby, neither of them wanted to take him into their arms. When it seemed that no one was going to do it June looked down at her hands. They were stained with blood, grease and dirt, hardly the hands to hold a baby with. But if no one was going to take it she would do it. \"Shhh,\" Grady hushed. Before she had the chance to take him into her arms, Grady had already done so. He delicately cradled the baby in his own arms and miraculously it stopped crying. June was perplexed. She looked at Bible who gave her the exact same expression. Who would've known Grady was so good with babies? They followed Grady down the stairs and watched him hand the baby to what looked like his mother. Wardaddy was telling them to leave their houses in German, probably reassuring they could have it back tomorrow. June quietly watched on as the family protested. She couldn't understand what they were saying, but she knew they were not happy. Her mind wandered to her own house back in the United States. How unhappy she would have been if someone simply would try to take it. But during a war the circumstances were different. Giving your house to someone else for a night seemed a small price to be paid when compared to the soldiers risking their lives on daily basis. Did they not understand they were here to help them? Finally after allowing to let them take some stuff with them the family left and they had the house for themselves. June went to the kitchen and opened the cabinets, finding they had the expensive kind of tea she enjoyed so much back at home. Eagerly she began to brew a pot, getting herself a big mug. She called out to the rest of them that a pot of tea was waiting for them in the kitchen, but only Norman heard her. When she returned in the living room everyone was gone already. \"Where did everyone go?\" she asked, taking a seat on the couch in front of the window so she could look outside. \"Sgt. Collier went to see the Captain, but I don't know where Bible and Grady went,\" Norman replied. He had found a book in the bookcase. \"Can you speak German?\" June asked, intrigued, seeing the title of the book was in German. Norman shook his head. \"Nope. I just like to look at the pictures.\" June smiled softly, agreeing that sometimes pictures were enough to create a story in your head. She focused her gaze outside again, watching the soldiers mingle with the locals on the town square. But then she spotted Grady, chatting up a pretty looking woman. She slammed her cup on the table, accidentally spilling some of her tea on the ground. Norman looked up from his pictures, his eyebrows raised. \"I'll be right back,\" June spoke, hurrying out of the door and towards Grady. She would never forget the way he had treated her the first day they had met. When climbing up on the tank he had tried to touch her butt, and judging by the way he had his arms around the woman he was going to try the same thing with her. \"Grady,\" June breathed when she stood behind him. The woman looked at her curiously as Grady turned to face her. \"Not right now, June. I'm fucking busy.\" Before he was able to turn back to his lady June spoke up. \"Just treat her with respect, okay?\" He scoffed. \"Respect?\" \"Yeah,\" June nodded, a stern look on her face. \"Don't force yourself on her.\" Grady wanted to laugh but his mood suddenly changed when he noticed June wouldn't give up. \"I won't,\" he finally said. \"Now just back off, okay?\" \"Promise me,\" June demanded. \"Promise me you'll treat her with respect.\" The woman still looked at them curiously, she had no idea what they were discussing. \"Okay, okay,\" Grady gave in. \"I promise.\" \"Good,\" June said contently, flashing the woman a soft smile before she returned to the house. Norman awaited her with raised eyebrows, wondering what made her leave so quickly. She grabbed her cup of tea from the table and sat down again on the exact same spot. When her eyes met his she smiled softly. \"Don't worry,\" she spoke. \"That was something between me and Grady.\" Norman looked from his book to her. \"Do you mind if we not speak anymore? I kind of enjoyed the silence.\" June nodded. \"There is nothing I enjoy more.\" Since the pantry in the kitchen was still stocked June decided to cook everyone dinner. While the boys apart from Norman were still outside doing god knows what, June decided to take the initiative and cook them all a dinner. Norman wanted to help so she gave him the task of cutting the potatoes while she rummaged around the kitchen to find everything she would need. In the end she managed to find enough supplies to cook them almost a feast. The cooking was all worth it when she noticed the expressions on their faces when they entered the house. They were greeted by the smell of chicken soup, meat balls, potatoes and vegetables. It had been quite a while since they had eaten like this. Their rations were nothing compared to this. When Grady entered the dining room June raised her eyebrows. She was lying if she would say she wasn't curious as to what had happened between him and the girl, but at the same time she was afraid to ask. As she put the plates on the table, sliding them to Bible so he could spread them around the table, Grady stood behind her, his body almost pressed to her. \"Don't worry, June,\" he whispered in her ear. \"She was very willing.\" She rolled her eyes and stepped away from him, not sure if he was sarcastic or not. If he had forced himself upon her she could at least say she had tried to avoid it. \"You wanna to say grace, Bible?\" Wardaddy asked once they were all seated. June was seated on his left and awaited for Bible to speak. She knew he always valued this moment so she didn't want to take it away from him. She had to flash Grady an angry look when he tried to sneak a potato wedge into his mouth. Quietly he ate it while Bible spoke his words. \"Amen,\" they all spoke when he was finished and then they all dug into their dinner. A/N: Even though this isn't the most action-packed chapter, I did enjoy writing it. I also wanted to let you guys know that I do read and appreciate every review. Please keep them coming. I'm currently looking into the ending of this story, and I got quite the plot twist coming up in the next chapters so please stay tuned :)[Chapter 15] After dinner June thought it would be a good idea to take a walk around the town and clear her head. They had all helped her with doing the dishes. Even Grady pitched in even though she had decided to ignore him as she still wasn't exactly over the comment he had made earlier. The sun was setting behind the trees. June stood before their house and sniffed the evening air. The clouds in the sky were colored red. She remembered some said that meant that blood had been spilled that day. She agreed that was definitely the case. She began walking down the street, occasionally peaking through the windows of the houses she passed. Her mother always commented how she was too curious for her own good. She had been right. June liked to know exactly what was happening and this had gotten her in trouble before. The fourth house she passed had been transformed into a make shift aid station. A banner with a red cross hung from the window and people were rushing in and out. For a moment June stood still and listened. She would never get used to the screams of men dying and in pain. Their screams would haunt her for the years to come. A window opened. Somebody emptied a bucket on the street. Blood fell down on the cobbles, dyeing them a crimson color. It wasn't the blood that interested her, it was the person who had thrown it outside. Her curiosity taking over again and June headed inside. She slipped past the wounded soldiers into the room where she had seen her. A woman. A nurse. There she was. June's eyes had not deceived her. Before her stood a woman dressed in a woolen dress. Blood stains covered the front and her hands were stained a dark brown color as well. Her blonde hair was tied into a bun but a few strands of hair had managed to escape. \"Can I help you?\" she asked her, a kind smile on her lips. \"Oh,\" June stumbled, realizing she had probably been staring at her. It had been so long since she had seen a woman in service. \"Are you a soldier?\" the nurse asked. She took a step forward, wiping her hands on her dress. \"Uh, yes,\" June replied, rubbing her hands together. \"In the army?\" the nurse tried again. \"You're not a nurse?\" \"Yes, in the army,\" she replied. \"I'm driving one of the tanks.\" \"Really?\" the nurse said, intrigued. \"How did that happen?\" June chuckled. \"Long story.\" The nurse pointed to an old couch in the corner of the room. \"I have all night.\" She nodded and sat down next to the nurse, crossing her legs. \"I'm Susanna,\" the nurse kindly introduced herself. \"June,\" she replied with a smile. And so she told Susanna her entire story. From her brother to enlisting, from her training to the cat calling. \"It happens so often,\" Susanna agreed. \"I would've thought they would contain themselves around me. I'm only trying to help them, but that didn't seem to be a good enough reason to stop the comments.\" June nodded. \"Yeah. It never seems to end, doesn't it?\" Talking with someone like Susanna gave her more joy than anything. She was her equal. They were both women and both shared the same hardships during this war. The only difference was that Susanna was wearing a dress while June wore trousers. A wounded soldier being brought in meant Susanna had to leave. Before she headed out the room she turned to June. \"I hope we can meet again sometime after this war.\" June smiled. \"I hope so too.\" She found Norman outside a few houses down the street. Absentmindedly he was staring at the cobbled street as if he was counting all the individual stones that lined it. \"Norman?\" June said, approaching him carefully as to not make him jump. \"Hey,\" he said when he looked up and snapped out of his trance-like state. \"Why aren't you back at the house?\" \"Grady and Bible are playing cards and drinking.\" \"Oh,\" June replied, remembering them getting very loud whenever they had consumed a bit of alcohol. They started walking. \"How are you doing?\" June asked. \"Today was hard,\" Norman admitted. \"This morning... It was unlike anything I have ever experienced.\" June couldn't imagine what it would be like being dropped into combat without any experience. Considering the circumstances he had held together very well. \"Today was one of the worst days,\" June replied. \"It never gets any worse than this, trust me.\" It took her a few seconds to realize what she had said. Quickly she added: \"Not that the other days are easy, but you know what I mean.\" \"Yeah,\" Norman said. \"When will this war end?\" \"I don't know, Norman. I don't know.\" Her eyes fell on the tree line at the far end of the town. The sun was completely out of sight by now. The sky was already growing dark. There were still a few clouds illuminated in an orange light. \"We should head back,\" June suggested. \"It's getting dark.\" Norman nodded and they followed their path back to their house. He told her some things about his family which she enjoyed listening to. For a moment it felt like they were friends out for a walk. For a moment she forgot about the war. Her peaceful train of thoughts was disrupted when a group of soldiers suddenly stopped in front of her. \"Where you off to?\" they asked. \"Where did you get that uniform, Fräulein?\" Norman's gaze switched between her and the soldiers. Before he was able to ask what was going on June put her hand on his arm, shaking her head. \"Is this your girlfriend?\" they inquired. \"She good in bed?\" They were all laughing. June rolled her eyes and looked up to the building on her left, actively avoiding any of their gazes, waiting for them to shut up and leave her alone. She always found that the silent treatment worked the best. Sooner or later they would grow bored of her and went looking for someone else to torment. \"June,\" Norman hissed. He wanted to move along, but she didn't want them to follow her back to their house. So she kept her mouth shut and let their comments wash over her. She tried to focus on the sound of a couple talking inside of the house, blocking out everything else. Her technique had worked once again. After a few good minutes they left after shouting a few obscenities at her. When they were out of sight she turned to Norman, awaiting his reaction. All the guys had experienced her catcalling before, but this was Norman's first time. \"Why didn't you say anything?\" he asked her, his eyes wide. \"Do you honestly think that will help?\" June replied with a half smile. \"I'm used to it. Come on, let's go.\" They found their way back to their house in silence. She decided to drink one mug of her tea before she would pick one of the bedrooms on the second floor and go to sleep. She stopped in her tracks when she spotted Bible sitting at the kitchen table, reading his beloved book. June had not forgotten about last night. His body was pressed against hers, his face was buried in her hair, his arm was wrapped around her waist. Yet she couldn't avoid him for the rest of the war. She decided the best thing was to forget it had happened in the first place. Softly she entered, giving him a soft smile as his eyes met hers. From the kitchen cabinet she grabbed a clean mug and emptied the teapot to brew new tea. \"If I ask you something,\" Bible started. He had put down his book. \"Will you answer me honestly?\" June looked over her shoulder, frowning slightly. \"Yeah, of course.\" She turned back to her tea. She put a saucepan with water on the stove, waiting for it to boil before she could use it. \"Don't take this the wrong way,\" Bible continued. He pushed his chair backwards and made his way over to her, leaning against the kitchen cabinets while crossing his arms in front of his chest. \"Take what the wrong way?\" June asked, growing more nervous with every second. What was he going on about? \"You and Wardaddy, what is going on?\" His eyes pierced through hers. She had to do her best not to give anything away. With great difficulty she tried to keep her expression as neutral as possible. Even though she said she would reply honestly she couldn't. Nobody could never know about them. She did not want to put Wardaddy in that position. She was the one who started it after all. \"What do you mean?\" she said. \"You two seem close,\" Bible said thoughtfully. \"More close than before.\" \"Boyd,\" June said, placing her hand on his arm. \"Nothing is going on. He's my superior for crying out loud.\" Bible frowned as his gaze still lingered on hers and June could only hope he believed her. A/N: I'm sorry for the fact this chapter is a little short, next one will be longer I promise! Please let me know what your thoughts were and I'll try to upload the new chapter asap :)[Chapter 16] The family they had kicked out was able to go back to their house the following day. June had tried to clean the kitchen, getting rid of all the dishes, and making sure all the empty bottles of liquor were collected and put into a box. The least thing she could do was make it look like they hadn't been there. After yesterday she felt a lot more confident as a driver. It had been a great learning experience. With ease she steered the tank towards the edge of the town. Wardaddy even had her in the front, trusting her with the responsibility of leading the rest of the convoy. They all had their hatches open to soak in the sun. June had taken off her jacket since it was too hot inside of the stuffy tank. The guys were all discussing their adventures of the night before. She didn't listen to what they were saying as she was too busy with taking in the gorgeous scenery that surrounded her. Mountains higher than she had ever seen surrounded her on all sides. The valley was covered in soft green grass. Flowers lined the dirt road going right between the mountains and in the far distance she noticed the sparkling blue water of a lake. Under different circumstances she would love to visit Germany again. After Bible had confronted her about her relationship with Wardaddy, she wasn't able to go to sleep. She could only think about him seeing them kiss in the forest, their hands all over each other's bodies. June had made sure no one was around them to see, but what if someone did see her? She promised herself she had to be more careful from now on. Besides, a war wasn't exactly a place for a romantic relationship to blossom. Yet she definitely had feelings for Collier. \"Keep an eye out, Norman,\" June spoke. The sun was blinding to her sometimes so she definitely needed an extra set of eyes to keep a look out for her. \"You never know who is hiding behind the bushes.\" \"I will,\" Norman nodded. June smiled softly. He was doing his best and she admired him for it. He had done everything she asked of him. And so they continued their path to their next objective. It wasn't until they had covered a good thirty miles when they ran into Germans. Norman had spotted them in the distance behind a stack of hay, their weapons aimed at them. \"Are you sure?\" June asked, remembering hearing something about orders to keep the buildings in tact. She didn't want to shoot up a house for nothing. \"Positive,\" Norman said, his fingers gripping his gun. June couldn't see the Germans herself but then again she had to concentrate on the road. The only thing she could do was ask Wardaddy for confirmation. \"I see it as well,\" he replied, peering through his binoculars. \"Light 'em up, Norman.\" \"Yessir,\" Norman spoke and he began to shoot down the Germans he had spotted in the distance. It wasn't until she saw where his tracers were heading to when she spotted them herself. There were four of them. June figured they were getting their artillery ready to fire at them, but luckily Norman had spotted them sooner. \"Norman, that's enough!\" June spoke hastily after he didn't stop shooting. After a few seconds he released his finger from the trigger and the bullets stopped. The building was completely covered with bullet holes front to back, but at least their enemies were dead. \"Jesus Christ, Norman,\" Grady chuckled. \"You got a sudden need for revenge or what?\" Norman remained silent, but when June quickly glanced to her side to look at him she noticed the fire in his eyes. Where he had been hesitant to shoot before, he now was blood thirsty as if he wanted to kill as many Germans as he could. \"You're like a goddamn machine,\" he added. Both Wardaddy and Bible started to laugh. \"That could be his war name,\" Bible spoke. \"Machine,\" Wardaddy tried, listening to how the nickname sounded. June perked her ears. War name? She knew all the guys had nicknames, but she had never guessed those were the names they had earned during combat. A lot of soldiers she had met over the years had gotten nicknames from her fellow soldiers. June never did. \"MACHINE,\" Grady roared. Norman chuckled nervously and amused at the same time. June kept her eyes stuck on the road ahead, not responding to any of them. She did not have a war name, but here was Norman, getting one before she did. She shook her head. She was getting angry over a goddamn nickname, yet she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. She had done plenty of stuff during the war that was enough to earn her her own war name, yet no one had ever given it to her. \"Hey, Machine,\" Bible laughed. \"Keep your eyes on the fucking road.\" They all laughed over his name, but June did not laugh with them. \"What about me?\" she demanded. \"What do you mean?\" Grady asked. It was hard to have a conversation while driving as it required all her attention, yet she did not want this to wait. She had a right to tell them what she thought. \"I'm just June.\" \"You're not just June,\" Bible defended. \"Then what is my war name?\" she said, raising her shoulders. It was silent. \"We'll think of one for you, okay?\" Bible responded, a lot more serious. \"Yeah, whatever,\" June shrugged. June was glad when they reached camp. The rest of the trip she hadn't said a word. Sometimes she had to bite on her tongue not to let out a snarky passive aggressive remark as she did not want to fight with any of them, yet she did let them know she was definitely annoyed by her lack of a war name. Wardaddy all gave them different tasks and put them to work. Grady had to repair some things on the tank, Norman had to get more fuel, Bible got the post and June made her way over camp in search for some rations. Luckily everyone seemed to be too busy to pay attention to her and she managed to get across camp without anyone calling her out. It seemed that the entire camp was running low on rations as she didn't manage to get many. Still with a box full in her arms she got back to the tank. Grady was working his magic under the tank. He was the best technician she had seen and their tank always seemed to run more smoothly than that of the rest. June had to give credit where it was due. After dropping her rations in the tank she climbed out again and positioned herself comfortably in the grass before closing her eyes, letting her skin soak up the rays of sun. The thing she disliked about camps the most was the fact that they always seemed to be waiting on orders. There was nothing to explore or to do. She lifted her head when she heard Bible approaching with a stack of post in his hand. When she noticed it was only that he was carrying she put her head back again. She never got any post anyway so there was no need to get up. In the meantime both Norman and Wardaddy had returned as well. He had explained Norman how to fill the tank with fuel and was now showing him where to stash the other jerrycans. \"Don,\" Bible spoke, handing him a few letters. He crouched down on his knees and handed Grady his before turning himself to Norman. \"You got a few love letters?\" Bible chuckled, bringing the envelopes closer to his nose so he could smell. \"Yep, these are definitely love letters.\" \"Shut up,\" Norman said, slightly annoyed as he pulled his letters from Bible's grasp. Bible went through the rest of the letters. \"June,\" he spoke carefully. She raised her head, opening her eyes slowly to let them adjust to the harsh lighting of the sun. His fingers had stopped on one letter. Slowly he took it from the stack and shuffled closer to June, his eyes troubled. \"What is it?\" June asked confused. \"It's for you.\" She cocked her head to the right. \"For me?\" she scoffed. \"Yeah, I'm serious,\" he said, extending his arm to hand her the letter. \"Please let this be a joke,\" June mumbled as she pushed herself upwards so she could take the letter into her own hands. Her eyes glided over the front. She recognized that handwriting. She would recognize the cursive letters from anymore. It was her mother's. Within an instant her heart started to pound and she felt butterflies fluttering through her stomach. June felt her cheeks growing red as well as she felt everyone's eyes on her. She never received any post. During this entire war her parents had not sent her anything, why was she suddenly getting this now? Nervously she put her finger through the paper and ripped open the envelope. Her hands trembled as she unfolded the letter and held it in front of her. Even though four people were staring at her, she read the letter to herself, wanting to read what her mother had to say first before she would tell anyone else. Dear June, With a heavy heart I'm informing you that your brother has sadly been killed in action, Love, Mother She let the letter fall out of her hand and began to look around her. \"I gotta get the fuck out of here.\" A/N: Well. What did you guys think of that twist? :)[Chapter 17] She pushed herself upwards, the letter clutched in her hand. They were still staring at her, wondering what was going on. \"Getting out of here?\" Bible asked, frowning slightly. \"I don't understand?\" June sighed and threw the letter in his direction. \"Read it,\" she spoke, her words dripping with anger. She clenched her fists as she waited until Bible had read the letter out loud. Hearing it a second time only was confirmation it was all real. Her brother was dead. Her brother was really dead. \"Killed in action?\" Wardaddy took a few steps forward, closing the distance between him and June. \"But you took his place?\" June was struggling with the same problem as well. She had taken his place in the army. It had been her plan and he had been grateful she had done so. But after reading the letter she began to wonder if he had not been so grateful after all. \"He joined the army,\" she came to the conclusion. \"Even though I took his place, he still enlisted.\" She grabbed the dog tag hanging around her neck and pulled it off, throwing it far away in the distance. It had no meaning anymore. The name engraved in the metal was gone. Daniel Nichols it had read. \"Why would he do that?\" Bible tried carefully. He too took a step forward which resulted in June taking a step back. She needed her space. \"I don't fucking know,\" she began to raise her voice. \"My parents probably pressured him into it, I have no idea. All I know he is fucking dead so there is no reason for me to be here right now.\" All those people she had killed. All those horrific memories she would be taking home with her. It was all for nothing. Thinking about it, she did not even have a home, not anymore. Where most would see her act as heroic, her parents had always seen it as betrayal. A woman's position was not in the army. She had taken her brother's right to enlist. Her eyes darted over the camp, trying to think of a way she could get out of here. She started to walk. She did not not know where she was going to, but she needed to get away. \"June? Where are you going?\" Wardaddy called after her, but she did not listen and continued her way down the camp. \"If my brother is dead,\" June began. Her mind was working at full speed. Plans of escape flew through her mind. There had to be a way to get out of here. \"That means this name does not exist anymore.\" She stopped in her tracks. \"And if that name does not exist, I can just leave.\" Wardaddy stood behind her, his hands on his hips, a troubled look on his face. June shot around to face him. \"I can just leave,\" she repeated. \"June,\" Don spoke, an almost begging tone to his voice. \"I can just leave,\" she started to laugh. \"You can't,\" he said while grabbing her arm to get her attention. Her eyes met his. \"You are losing your mind.\" \"No, Don,\" June said, shaking her head. \"I'm the sanest I have been in months. I can see things clearly now.\" \"You can't leave. You cannot leave us behind.\" June pulled her gaze away, focussing it on the mud. What Wardaddy said was true. Could she leave them behind? She cared about all of them. Norman, Bible, Gordo. Hell, she even cared about Grady in some fucked up away. But above all, she deeply cared for Wardaddy. He had saved her during this war. If it wasn't for him she would not be even alive right now. Could she leave them all behind? \"Would you not do the same?\" she questioned. It suddenly dawned on her that she was not crying. Her brother was dead, killed in action, yet she could not find the energy to spare him a tear. She had been drained of them. She was empty. Waraddy remained quiet which answered her question. He would stay behind. He would finish this war with his men. It would be his second world war. \"I entered this war,\" June spoke, her voice beginning to tremble. \"So my brother would not. Now he is dead. What do I have to live for?\" \"Us,\" Collier urged on. \"We'll make it through this together, as a unit, a crew.\" June cocked her head to the right, biting her lip. She did not enter the war to make friends, she had entered to survive, to save her brother's life. She feared now she did not have anything to live for she would risk her life and get herself or anyone else killed. \"This is my chance to leave,\" June tried once again. \"My chance to get out of here.\" \"How?\" he continued. \"Catch the first plane heading for New York?\" \"I'll find a way,\" June shrugged. \"I have always found a way.\" Wardaddy took a step forward, taking his hand into his. For a moment a silence hung between the two of them. June studied the lines on his hand, the scars. He had the true hands of a war. Dirty, scared and blood stained. \"There is no room on the tank for me when Gordo gets back,\" she said with a soft smile. \"And that's okay. The timing is perfect. I have to leave.\" \"Norman came in last. He'll be the first to go,\" Wardaddy assured her. \"Just think about it? This is the grief talking. Let it sink in for a few days.\" June nodded slowly, beginning to realize maybe this was the grief talking. His eyes captured hers and she could not look away. Maybe her love for him also played a part. She had to admit having to leave him behind was something she did not want to do. Yet she could not help but feel like her brother dying was a sign, a sign she should get the fuck out of here. She walked with Wardaddy back to their tank. Norman, Grady, and Bible looked at her with wide eyes as she approached. Especially Bible looked concerned. When he wanted to open his mouth to say something June quickly began to speak herself. \"I'm staying for now,\" she said before patting him on the shoulder. \"No need to cry.\" While she was driving their tank to their next objective she could feel everyone's eyes burning in her back. Every sudden movement she made triggered a gasp as if she was going to fall dead at any minute. It had taken a few days for her brother's death to sink in. She had regretted throwing her dog tag away as it had been the only thing that still tied her to him. Instead she cuddled her jacket during her sleep while she pretended it had belonged to Daniel. Still the tears never came. She could not bring herself to cry. For a moment she thought she had been turned into a heartless monster during the war, but after a while she figured it was just part of her grieving process. She never had anyone so close to her die before. This entire experience was new to her. They all tried to make her as comfortable as possible, as none of them wanted her to leave. Norman suggested to play card games numerous times a day while Bible had given her lots of quotes from the bible that which spoke about grief. Even Grady had offered her a cigarette a few times. While June appreciated all their efforts she just did not care for them. Her mind kept running through her own house at home. Her bedroom, the kitchen, the garden where she loved to read books in during the summer under the shade of a big tree. The only thing she could think about was going away. The sun was already setting behind the trees when she found Wardaddy behind a row of hedges. In his left hand he had a canteen that undoubtedly did not contain water and in his right hand he balanced a cigarette, putting it out as soon as he saw June approaching. His soft smile that she loved to see slowly disappeared as snow before the sun when he saw what she was carrying in her hands. June put her bags down before taking a few steps forward so she stood closer to him. \"What are those?\" Wardaddy asked, looking past her to her duffel bags. \"I'm leaving,\" she nodded slowly. \"I thought about it and… it's just… it's what I have to do.\" Wardaddy scoffed and shook his head. \"No you are not.\" June smiled sympathetically but it seemed to make no difference. He threw his canteen on the ground and ran his fingers through his hair. \"I forbid you,\" he then spoke sternly. \"As your superior, I forbid you to leave.\" \"It has already been done,\" she replied raising her shoulders. \"Gordo is back and there is a car waiting for me to take me to the next camp.\" Seeing him react so heavily to her departure triggered something in her the death of her brother could not. A tear escaped her eye and rolled over her cheek. \"I forbid you,\" Wardaddy tried once again. June shook her head. \"I'm sorry,\" she mouthed, now more tears escaping her eyes. \"Please stay safe,\" she breathed before she let both her body as her lips crash against his. For the final time she took in his scent, his taste, the feel of his hands on the small of her back. The kiss seemed to be over far too quickly but June did not know if she could continue if she would be in his arms for much longer. She had made her decision and she needed to stick with it. When she broke away she did not dare to look him in his eyes, afraid of what she might see. Quickly she turned around, wiping the tears off her cheek with the back of her hand. She grabbed the duffel bags off the ground and fastened her pace before she would change her mind. \"June?\" Wardaddy called one last time. She hesitated a second before turning around. June knew what he wanted to say but she knew if he truly spoke the words out loud she could not leave. Wardaddy was the only man she had ever loved. How they ever had found each other in this time of despair was a miracle but she could not deny her feelings. The only thing she could do was deny his feelings. \"Don't say it,\" she shook her head. \"Don't do that to me.\" And with that as her final words she disappeared behind the hedgerow. A/N: So. I maybe had to kind of cry when I wrote this chapter, not gonna lie. I just want to let you guys know that Chapter 18 will be the final chapter. I feel like I've told everything I wanted to tell and I don't want this story just to drag on and on. So yes, the next chapter is the last one. I've had the ending in mind for quite a while now so hopefully it will not disappoint. So for the final time: thank you for reading and I will see you next time! :D[Chapter 18] June looked up from her diary when she heard a car pulling up the driveway. She put down her pencil, looking over her shoulder out of the window. A Cadillac Sedanet flew past and came to a screeching halt in front of the house. With a soft smile on her lips she edged forward to the window, sitting down on her knees in her window seat to observe her fiancé Frank step out of the brand new vehicle. Before walking up the stone steps to the front door he looked up to her bedroom. Her eyes met his and she blew him a quick kiss which he returned with a smile. Excitedly June began to put on her heels. She had her hair curled up into an elaborate up-do while her make-up featured a black line above her eye, lots of mascara and a bold red lip. How she had missed wearing make-up. \"June, honey?\" her mother yelled from down the stairs. \"Frank is here!\" \"I know, mother!\" June shouted back, fetching her purse from her bed. \"I saw him coming in.\" She hurried down the landing. Just as she was about to put her foot on the staircase she turned her head to her brother's bedroom. The door was standing open as always. The blue interior had not changed a thing since the day he had gone and for a moment she thought she saw him sitting on the bed. \"Darling, hurry!\" \"Coming, mother,\" June sighed, shaking her head to break the illusion, carefully placing her steps. She gave her fiancé a kiss as she reached the bottom of the stairs. He smelled like the cologne she loved so much. He complimented her on her dress before her father quickly pulled him away, his hand on his shoulder. \"Oh, here they go again,\" her mother sighed. \"More war talk.\" A lump formed in her throat. She was never allowed to participate with their conversations while she had been the only one among them who had served on the frontline, who knew what the war had been like. While Frank had served as an officer she had served in real combat yet he could never know. The scars on her arm were scars from when she had fallen off her pony when she was younger. Every memory of the war she had was being suppressed into a lie. \"What do think of these flowers?\" her mother asked her, showing her a vase filled with exotic flowers in the most radiant colors. \"They are flowers, mother,\" June said turning her head away so her mother could not see her rolling her eyes. \"But what do you think to them? They are a little too much for my taste.\" \"I could care less,\" she hissed, disappearing before her mother could reply. She slipped her arm through Frank's, pulling him slightly away from her father. \"You promised me we were going to the fair.\" \"Let's go then,\" he said, while her father was still going on about the use of certain aircrafts during the war. Even Frank wanted to escape his pointless discussions about a war that had been won. \"We're leaving, father,\" June spoke with a fake smile on her face, quickly pulling Frank away before he would be able to start his favorite subject - paratroopers. \"We will be home before dinner!\" she shouted towards her mother in the kitchen. She was still examining the vase of flowers. \"Good thing you got me out of there,\" Frank laughed. They descended down the steps. The gentleman that he was, Frank opened the door of the car for her. June climbed on the leather seat, taking in the scent of the still brand new car. Frank inherited his father's fortune which made him a suitable husband for June according to her parents. She was just glad she had managed to fall in love with him. \"One more word about paratroopers and aircrafts and I will go insane.\" June chuckled. \"I don't understand why he is so interested in them. The armored divisions are much more interesting especially since the German Tiger tanks were so much better than the Sherman's yet we still managed to defeat them.\" \"We?\" Frank asked, raising his eyebrows slightly as he speeded off their curved driveway. \"As in America,\" she quickly added, realizing she had misspoken herself again. \"America managed to defeat them.\" \"What do you know about tanks anyway?\" Frank placed his hand on her knee, giving it a soft squeeze through the fabric. Everything , she wanted to say but instead she said: \"I read something about them in the newspaper.\" The picturesque countryside quickly changed into an urban cityscape. Grass was traded in for bricks and in the distance she could already spot the fair that was in town that day. It had been ages since she had last been to a fair and she could not wait to relive her youth for a day. Before stepping out of the car she checked her hair in the rearview mirror and touched up her red lipstick. Frank offered her an arm which she gladly accepted since the road leading to the entrance was muddy and she did not want her heels to get stuck. \"Do you want to go on the ferris wheel?\" Frank asked after they had paid the admission fee and were allowed to enter the grounds. The smell of popcorn filled her nose and all around her she spotted children laughing and running, clutching a balloon in their hand and a soft drink in their other. The rides all looked brand new and the paint was so colorful it almost hurt her eyes. After the dim and grim look of the war this almost looked like a dream. \"You bet,\" June laughed. On top of the ferris wheel they could see everything. Frank was absolutely sure he could see June's house from here but she was not convinced, telling him it was Mrs. Alberta's house did not feature a blue roof. When they got down again he had bought her a bucket of popcorn and for a moment she felt like a true princess. He was so gallant to her and above all kind. Even though their marriage had been more a plan of her mother, she could not help but love him all the same. Frank insisted he wanted to do a round at the shooting gallery. June watched happily, eating her popcorn, occasionally laughing as he missed the target. \"As if you can do it better,\" Frank laughed as he playfully gave her a push. June knew she could do better. She took the gun into her own hand. It was very light and not like a real gun at all. Its lightness reminded her of her foldable paratroopers gun. What her father would have done to get his hands on such an artifact. Before pulling the trigger she aimed the very best she could, even taking the direction of the wind into account. Without fail she hit all the three targets. After returning the gun to the man running the stall she took a small bow. \"Thank you, dear,\" she said sarcastically with a smile on her face as her fiancé did not congratulate her. Instead he watched with his eyes wide. \"How?\" he asked as they walked away from the stall. June threw away her empty box of popcorn, examining the stuffed animal she had won. \"You know my dad. Taught me and Daniel how to shoot when we were younger. He never wants to admit I was always better than he was.\" Another lie. All the skills she had gained during the war, all the knowledge, the memories. She had created a giant lie around them to keep it hidden. She did not want to lose her parents, not now. When she returned in New York they had picked her up, taken her in and never did they speak another word about the war. In the beginning June did not like the dismissal of what had been a huge experience for her, but after a while she began to get used to her old life again. She had her old friends back, her old privileges, her old stuff. And then Frank came into the picture and her life seemed to be perfect. They began to slowly stroll down the fair, taking in the sights and the atmosphere. She had her arm through Frank's arm, leaning on him slightly as she walked. And then she saw him. He had his hair grown out. Where the sides of his head had been shaven it was now covered in hair. Light stubble covered his jaw and chin. He wore simple clothing instead of the army green she was so used to seeing in him. June blinked a couple of times, wondering if she was seeing him like she had seen her brother sitting on the bed earlier, but he really seemed to be standing in front of her. Wardaddy was standing in front of her. Her eyes met his and her heart started to pound. His brows ruffled and his gaze was confused. June hoped he would recognize her. During the war her hair was dirty most of the times and her face covered in dirt. Now she was clean from top to toe, her hair was elaborately styled and her make-up was done impeccably. For the occasion she was wearing one of her finer dresses. She figured she had to look like a completely different person. Her eyes fell on a woman beside him. She had her arm through Wardaddy's, holding onto him like she was holding on to Frank. June had to admit she was beautiful and the ring on her finger seemed to suggest she was his wife. They stood still before each other, merely admiring each other. June had never thought she would see him ever again, yet here he was, standing before her. Her heart took a leap with joy. He had survived. He had lived to see the end of the war. She wanted to ask him about Bible, and Norman, and Gordo and Grady. Did they live as well? But she couldn't. She was with Frank now and he was with his wife. What had happened during the war was something between the two of them. It was something no one would ever find out. Frank looked down to her, whispering softly. \"June, you know it is rude to stare.\" She shook with her head. \"Oh, right, sorry,\" she muttered. Wardaddy's wife also began to examine her, curiously, probably wondering who she was and why her husband was paying such close attention to her. His eyes met hers again and then with a soft smile he gave a nod. A simple nod. It was all she needed to know. Everyone was alive. Everyone was safely back at home. Frank began to start walking again. He took June's hand and pulled her forward, slightly annoyed by the fact she was so lost in Wardaddy's eyes. Not wanting to anger her fiancé she followed his lead, but when she walked past Wardaddy she felt his hand grab hers, squeezing it softly. June felt her face redden and her heart seemed to skip a few beats upon his touch. Frank dragged her further when she almost forgot how to walk. As they headed to the opposite end of the fair she looked behind her, but Wardaddy had already disappeared among the crowd. But she knew one thing for certain. June knew she would be seeing him again. A/N: So. That is it. The end. I would like to thank you all for sticking with me through this story and I can only hope you enjoyed it. Hopefully you enjoyed the ending and you can make up for yourself what happened after that day ;). I am already working on my next fic which will be for the show Vikings . Keep an eye out for it if you want to read that as well. Once again, thank you so much for reading this entire fic and please have a lovely day. Maybe I will see you again in the future. Take care! ","Summary":" SIXTH OF JUNE Hi! Welcome to my first Fury story! As a big fan of Band of Brothers and Saving Priva"},{"Movie":"Woman in Black","Title":"Revenge of Grahame Kipps","Author":"SoulVirus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8660047","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I only wrote this story just so that I can bring closure to myslef on what could have happened after the movie. I also noticed that the book was in first person mode, I tried writing it in first person mode, but it just didn't seem to work with me, so I wrote it in third person mode instead. I hope you all like the story. In Response: N/A at this time. T he Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Preface: Confrontation He had no idea what he was doing apart from the fact that he had quite enough of this deranged – if he could call her deranged – spirit from taking children's lives just because she lost her own son. After what his cousin had done to stop her violent killing and reuniting her with her own son and then only to have her take control of Arthur's son to kill him – the end result was having Arthur and his own son killed by a train – played dangerously in the territory of Grahame Kipps's hands. He sat in the dark waiting for something, anything to happen. He sat in the same rocking chair as Jennet would have sat in years ago when she was watching her son sleep. Jennet, seeing Grahame sitting in her chair was playing dangerously close in her territory. A human and a vengeful spirit at war with each other. The night was dark and only the pale brightness of the moon brought light through the window of Eel Marsh House, where Grahame sat in Jennet's rocking chair, hoping that she would show herself to him. Placed by the door to where Jennet's son would have slept, a monkey with tiny little symbols clanged playfully. Grahame turned his head slowly towards the toy monkey which made nothing but a dreadful and terrible clanging noise. His vision began to fade to black, but only then did he notice that it was not his eyesight, but the room was going dark. The old curtains were being drawn shut on their own accord. WHAM! Grahame turned to see that the bedroom door had closed behind him. He sighed heavily as anger coursed through his entire body. \"Ready to talk are we?\" Grahame said standing up from the rocking chair. \"Jennet!\" he said her name violently with spite. Grahame turned around and saw a shadow, an outlined figure standing in the dark with a black veil placed over her face, Jennet's white grey pale face illuminated in the dark slightly through her dark patterned veil. Grahame's light blue eyes glistened in the dark as his eyes narrowed at the sight of Jennet – The Woman in Black. A/N: This story will be a challenge for me over the next coming weeks, anyway, lets see how well we do in terms of reviews and viewers. Chapter 1 will be uploaded as soon as I have looked and proofread it. Anyway, reviews would be nice from whoever reads this story. SoulVirus[Chapter 2] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: This story is just for my own pure enjoyment, and closure to what could have really happened after the film had finished. In Response: To LadyLulu , thanks for your previous review, I have taken your review into consideration and have gotten rid of tHe copyright logo and have placed this story into the movie catagory rather than the book catagory, also thank you for adding this as your favorite story and story alert. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 1 Why is this happening to me? Grahame thought as he stood in the local graveyard not far from where he lived. It was a murky morning, a grey dull cloud had stretched over London, pouring down buckets loads of rain which hammered down against Grahame's skull, drenching his untidy jet black hair and drenching his woolly black coat, he even contracted a little sniffle as he stood in front of the grave that belonged to his cousin Arthur Kipps, to its left were two other graves, one which belonged to Arthur's wife – Stella – who died at childbirth, and the other his son – Joseph – who was only four years old when he was taken. Grahame hadn't seen his cousin in a while; the last he saw of him must have been sometime before Christmas last year, after that nothing more came from Arthur until that one dreadful day in which Grahame's life changed all rather suddenly. His mind flashed back to that day nearly two weeks ago… Grahame hadn't long opened up his new company, it had been a month and already he was struggling, just like everyone else in his family. His company was a rather peculiar company, but it was something he was passionate about, but others thought it was a waste of time. Grahame was a Paranormal Investigator, since his he was a little boy; he had been fascinated in others who believed in Ghosts and Spirits from the other side. He couldn't explain why he enjoyed being a Paranormal Investigator; there was just that connection that was made after he claimed that there were two Ghosts living in his closet and under his bed when he was a little boy so many years ago. Since then, he had always adored Ghosts and Spirits and other things that made things go bump in the night without explanation. His parent's weren't too keen on the idea of him becoming a Paranormal Investigator, they were afraid of him wasting his life on some petty dream. But it was his dream, and he followed it, and now he had his own company based in London, but now his company was in danger of failing and closure was imminent, unless the prices and customer's started turning up. Since he opened his new company, he had all but six customers who complained of hearing noises in the night, and objects missing and moving. Two of those customers claimed they heard voices in the walls, turned out they were just the neighbours next door shouting very loudly. The other four customers claimed they were seeing objects moving on their own, but were just big rats that kept stealing objects and trinkets. These six customers were a waste of his time, hardly anything to investigate about. At times he would wonder if the whole of London was laughing at him what with his belief in the afterlife. He couldn't help it is he believed in Ghosts or Spirits or not, it was just his thing, unlike the rest of his family who all worked as solicitors and accountants, something which Grahame found as yet another waste of time, or rather life. His family were always much better than him in terms of money, even if money wasn't that great, but he was determined to make his dream work. Only it seemed his dream was coming to a very early end. It was late at night and Grahame was sitting in his bunged up, dim lit office looking through the money books. Things were not looking good at all. He needed more customers or he was at risk of losing everything that he owned. \" This is a nightmare,\" he said to himself as he ran his hands through his thick untidy hair. A knock sounded on the officer door. \" What!\" Grahame called frustratingly. Opening the door a shy timid boy came into the room holding a sheet of paper in his hand. \"Begging your pardon sir, but I have a telegram for you,\" \" This isn't the best time for Telegrams Timmy!\" Grahame said to him annoyingly. \" Yes sir,\" said Timmy shyly. \"But it is of vital importance. Mr. Jones told me so, sir.\" Grahame gestured the boy forwards to his desk. Timmy handed the telegram to Grahame which he snatched off Timmy. \" This better not be a Telegram warning about the insurance I have on this place,\" muttered Grahame. Grahame placed his round spectacles on the tip of his nose and read in silence for a few moments. After some time, Grahame placed the telegram in front of him. Timmy saw him breath heavily. Grahame swallowed. \"T-Timmy, would you please, um, tell, Duncan, to cancel all appointments for the next say…two months. It's not that anyone comes here anyway.\" \" Yes sir,\" and with that Timmy backed out of the small office, closing the door behind him, leaving Grahame alone in the small office he was in. In front of him he stared at the Telegram. He didn't read it again, just stared at it. Reading it once was enough for him, and in that moment, his life suddenly stopped. He felt as if the whole world had been placed on his shoulders for him to carry. On the telegram in front of him, the telegram read as thus… Dear GRAHAME KIPPS STOP. It is with deepest sorrow that I inform you of the death of your cousin ARTHUR KIPPS STOP. Your cousin was involved in an accident after his son found his way onto the railway tracks STOP. ARTHUR made his way onto the railway tracks in hopes of saving his son; sadly they didn't get off the tracks in time STOP. We will be bringing his body and his sons back home to London to be buried next to his wife STOP. We will contact you to inform you on the matters ahead STOP. Condolences in this and your terrible moment and time STOP. At first, Grahame thought this was some practical joke. But even as much as he tried to deny the fact that this telegram was a mistake, deep down inside of him, he felt a sudden gut kick in his stomach telling him that everything he read, was in fact, as much as he wanted to deny it, true. \" No,\" he said quietly to himself, his voice weaved. \"No not again, please God not again!\" he seethed. Sometime has passed before Grahame realized that the rain had stopped, and now there was a chill in the air. So is this what my life is made for, nothing but death? If so I want it to stop, Grahame took one final look at his cousin's grave. Another one gone, he thought. What is wrong with me? And with that, he left the quiet empty – save for the gravestones – graveyard, back down the pebbled path, and slowly made his way home. Revenge of Grahame Kipps A package had been left on Grahame's doorstep addressed to him by the time he had arrived home. He picked it up and took it inside his home which was situated on a busy Victorian street. His house was Victorian – looking – built as well. Aside from being poor at least he needn't worry about rent, he owned this house, and it will forever be owned by him. Grahame's home was twice as large as Arthur's, even though they both lived in London, but many miles apart, at least they were within talking distance, but the two were so busy that they never got to speak or see each other as much, times were difficult in this day and age. By the time Grahame entered and hung up his coat, Grahame strolled into the kitchen with the package and placed the package on the table. He then went into the living room, where sitting by the cosy fire, sleeping, was his wife, holding her enlarged stomach; he smiled and thought, At least I still have you, my dearest Ffion. Grahame tiptoed across the living room, trying not to wake his wife. Somehow she sensed his presence, and slowly opened her eyes and smiled at him. \"Nice sleep?\" Grahame asked making movements with his hands and then leaning in to kiss her forehead. Ffion merely nodded and smiled at him. \"How is our child?\" asked Grahame as he signed at Ffion. Ffion signed, \" Our baby is sleeping, \" Grahame couldn't help but smile. The he signed, \"How have you been, shouldn't Sofia be here?\" Ffion replied. \" I am fine, just tired, you know with pregnancy, as for Sofia, she is in the garden hanging some clothes, \" Grahame nodded. \" How about you?\" she signed \"You were out for quite some time,\" \"Oh,\" Grahame replied to her. \"I just took a little detour that's all, nothing you need to worry about.\" he said. \"I'll go and see how Sofia is doing, you just rest.\" Ffion took her husbands words, and settled back down to sleep in her chair in front of the fire. Grahame smiled at Ffion, he was lucky to have her, even though she couldn't speak, he loved her all the same. He remembered when he first saw her, Ffion was, fragile, confused, and she had been abused, he remembered seeing her frantically walking around on the streets one day, trying her best to alert people that she had been abused. No one really understood what she was doing exactly, but had it not been for Grahame who had been taught at school, luckily, of sign language, and reassured Ffion that everything was going to be okay, he took her in, and after some time, he fell with her love, and they married not that long ago (Pity that none of Grahame's family could be there) and was now expecting their first child. Grahame walked into the kitchen, stopped and turned to look back at the brown package that was still sitting on the table. Grahame chewed the bottom of his lip. As he stared at the package, Grahame got that sudden sense, that this was related to his cousins' death. Grahame breathed through his nose, looked out of the kitchen window where he saw Sofia, his maid, hanging up some clothes in the backyard. Grahame decided to sit down in the nearest chair, and gingerly he opened the package. It was a brown box, in which he opened to find it full of paper and pictures and other assortments of documents which Grahame had no idea for what use they were meant for. On top of the pile was a letter that was addressed to him. He unfolded the letter which was neatly written in the best handwriting he had ever seen, he read it. Grahame, My name is Samuel Daily, but everyone calls me Sam. I understand that this is a difficult time for you and your family, Grahame winced at the word 'family'. But there is a reason why I have wrote this letter to you. I have since done some research on Arthur and his closest family, and I found you. I had the privilege of meeting your cousin for a short time, and I was the last to see him alive after he got run down. Did this Sam have to mention how his cousin died? He knew already, why did people keep bringing it up? Aside from that, I realized that you are a Paranormal Investigator, and I think you are what we need to help us through our little problem. \"What kind of problem?\" Grahame wondered. Our town of Crythin Gifford is in need of your help. In the box that you have before you, is eyewitness testimonies, family photos, wills, letters, all relating back to Jennet Humfrye, a scorned spirit that was the cause of taking your cousin and his son's life. But she is more known as The Woman in Black. Grahame reread the last four words. ' The Woman in Black ' Instantly this name got Grahame worked up. He began sifting through all the photos and letters and testimonies that belonged to the town of Crythin Gifford before turning back to the letter written out but this Samuel Daily. We would very much appreciate if you could arrive on the next possible train to Crythin Gifford, please send a telegram on if you can arrive as soon as possible, the town is desperate for the terror that Jennet is placing on the town to end, even though I am slightly skeptical towards Paranormal Investigator's, Not the most encouraging part Grahame wanted to hear. But, we are willing to try anything to get rid if this Spirit. Kind regards. Sam Daily. Grahame sat back in the chair and thought for a while, Crythin Gifford was the place where his cousin was killed, and this Sam, witnessed his cousin's death, as well as his cousin's son. But that was not what was bothering Grahame, it was this Jennet, or Woman in Black. The name had a sort of ring to it, albeit and evil ring. As soon as his eyes settled on the words and letters of 'the Woman in Black', Grahame felt somewhat uncomfortable, he was suddenly worked up, and his insides began churning. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Throughout the remainder of the day and into the night, Grahame sifted through all the documents that this Sam Dailey had given him. What Grahame had read was something beyond anything he ever thought of in his life. … my child was a victim of her curse; my child killed herself by cutting her own throat…my three children jumped out of the highest window, all at the same time…my beautiful daughter, we locked her in the basement, but it wasn't enough to stop her, she found my precious daughter, took control of her, and burnt her alive…my daughter drank some lye, I never got to even say goodbye to her… There were tons of witness statements, all relating back to children's deaths. He moved on to other documents about the so called witnesses that claimed they saw the Woman in Black. … it was late at night, and I was just having a small puff, then, everything went icy cold, and there I saw her, walking past, she just ignored me, as if I was of no concern…I saw her just standing there, as my husband tried to resuscitate my only child, she was only six and she stood there, just looking…she is always there…she does nothing…she hates us…she's always there…she never stops…always there…hates us having children…she will never stop…she never sleeps…she find them…we need help! The word 'she' repeated over and over in his mind constantly. Grahame placed his hands over his face and ran his hands downwards. He wasn't quite sure what Sam was asking him do. There had to be more than just fighting off an evil Spirit. He got that feeling that Sam was telling him something other than asking for his help. Revenge of Grahame Kipps By the time Grahame had finished reading all the witness statements and looking through the photos of children that this Sam had placed into this box for Grahame to see, Grahame instantly made the connection in his mind on why Sam sent him the package. Sam wasn't asking Grahame to get rid of this Woman in Black, or maybe he was, but that was not the main point, but Sam was giving Grahame the reason on why Arthur died. Children, Grahame thought, this Woman in Black kills children, the Woman in Black, this Jennet must have taken hold of Arthur's son and drawn him onto the railroad tracks into the path of an oncoming train. And Arthur tried to pull his son out of the way in time. Grahame always thought what happened was an accident. But now, receiving this package from this Sam Dailey, Grahame became increasingly suspicious of everything that may have happened to his cousin Arthur. Night had fallen, and Grahame and his wife lay topless under the white bed sheet, both snuggled up closely to one another. A dark dream had overcome Grahame. It was that same dark dream that he would always have. That dream where white smoke flowed into the darkness of his dreams followed closely by whispers which turned into shouts accompanied by anguished screams. Amongst the whole screams, one stood out, the bloodcurdling and painful high pitched scream of a young girl. But Grahame never saw anyone, just the blackness and white smoke that flowed in and around him. He woke suddenly, as he had witnessed and experienced this dream so many times, his pulse and heart remained calm, but as he would always wake from this dream, all he would do is sigh very heavily and stare blankly at the ceiling. \"Callie.\" he muttered to himself. Finally after some mere moments, his mind strayed into yet another sleep, and he dreamt no more. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Ffion woke to see that the bed she shared with her husband was empty. Her blue sapphire eyes moved around the room she occupied and saw standing in front of the mirror, giving himself a shave, was Grahame. She sat up, holding the sheet up closely to her chest and smiled at him. \"Good morning,\" Grahame said spotting her in the mirror as he signed to her. Grahame placed the razor down to one side right next to the big white bowl. He turned to face her. \"Every morning you wake up you become even more beautiful,\" he signed to her. Ffion blushed and smiled widely. She pointed at him and signed, \" You missed a spot,\" Grahame turned to look back into the mirror; a small portion of shaving cream was still visible on his chin. He picked up the razor and gently shaved his chin. \"Damn!\" he winced as he clutched his chin. Ffion got up and strolled over to him, still holding the bed sheet up to her chest. She fumbled through a nearby draw and took out a white napkin, and dapped at the small cut on Grahame's chin. Their eyes met for what was the billionth time. He took her hand and gently stroked her face with the back of his other hand. Ffion looked at him; she wrapped her arms around him whilst Grahame pulled her closer. He hugged her tightly like he would always do, he kissed the top of her head, and the soft tingly sensation of her blonde hair tickled his lips. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sofia, the maid who looked after Ffion when Grahame was out, was attending to Ffion, by helping her down the stairs, since she was expecting, Ffion found it increasingly difficult to maneuver herself up and down the stairs. Since she was deaf and could not speak, Ffion had to rely on either her husband or Sofia in general to help her. Sofia sat her down in front of the fireplace as usual, the warmth of the fireplace was perfect for her, it calmed her and the baby itself, it was the only place where she could feel safe and sound, away from chaos, but when Grahame came into the picture, cause and defect had been washed away. Since birth, and couldn't speak, from the moment when she met Grahame, her life became increasingly easy and more loveable when Grahame came along. After being abused she was happy and glad that there was one man in this world, who loved her for what she was, and not because she was vulnerable and easy to get to. She fell asleep in her chair in front of the fire, gathering her strength for when the baby would arrive which was any day now. Sofia on the other hand was taking care of house chores. Grahame had left the house to run an errand, by the time he had returned, he was drenched from head to toe. \"Starting to get sick and tired of the weather I am,\" he said as he hung up his coat to dry. \"It will pass in time, sir,\" Sofia said as he took his coat off the rack and into the laundry. She returned a short time later to see Grahame standing in the threshold of the doorway to the lounge where he watched Ffion sleep. \"How is she?\" Grahame asked his maid. \"Fine, again she had difficulty coming down the stairs,\" \"What of the child?\" Grahame asked concerned. \"The child is safe, won't be long now, I'd say she has at least no more than a week before the child is born,\" Grahame nodded. \"Are you worried sir?\" Grahame shook his head. \"I have always wanted to be a father, and now I get that chance.\" His eyes filled with tears of joy, Sofia pulled out a tissue for him to wipe his eyes. \"Sorry.\" Grahame said wiping his eyes. Sofia smirked at him slightly. \"Did you manage to complete your errand sir?\" Grahame nodded. He suddenly grabbed Sofia by the arm and led her into the kitchen. \"I need you to pack a case of clothes for me,\" \"May I acquire as to why?\" \"I sent off a telegram to a Sam Dailey whilst I was on my errand, I am leaving tonight to catch the earliest train to Crythin Gifford, it's a small town somewhere in the countryside, and I have been asked to rid a spirit,\" Grahame said. Sofia gave him a stern look; her beady misty eyes narrowed and sent a chill up Grahame's spine. \"You know how I don't believe in Ghost's or Spirits sir, but, don't you think, that, you may be going on some wild goose chase?\" \"Sofia,\" Grahame said, \"this place, was the place where Arthur died–\" \"–Oh, for goodness sake, Grahame,\" Sofia said, Grahame 'shushed' her to keep her voice down so as to let Ffion sleep and not to wake her. \"Please don't tell me you are letting your cousins death get the better of you?\" \"I-I'm not, Sofia listen, I got a parcel yesterday from a Sam Daily, and inside it was tons of documents from eyewitnesses who had lost their children to this Jennet, whom people call the Woman in Black,\" \"Yes, and I am the Maid in white,\" \"This isn't a joke Sofia, whatever happened to Arthur, the answers lie in Crythin Gifford, I need to go there and found out what really happened!\" \"Arthur died after he tried to sa–\" \"I know how he died!\" he seethed. \"I need to go, I cannot move on unless I find out what really happened to him,\" Sofia remained quiet before saying. \"You never move on, Grahame, remember what happened on that fateful day?\" Grahame suddenly became short of breath. He knew what Sofia was referring to, his hand slowly reached to his heart and he clutched his chest tight. \"Don't ever, bring that up!\" he warned Sofia. \"Someone has to mention it.\" \"Just pack a case for me. I need to inform Ffion of what is going on.\" he told her as he walked away from Sofia. \"You are going to leave your wife here when she is so close to expecting?\" Grahame ignored Sofia and left the kitchen and into the living room. Gingerly he woke Ffion up. A smile appeared on her face as she saw his face, but her smile vanished as she suddenly caught the glimpse of what to her looked like guilt. \" What's wrong? \" she signed. Grahame sighed. \"I have to go away for a while,\" \" Why, what's happening? \" Grahame told her everything, from package he received the previous morning, and his thought on going to Crythin Gifford to investigate into the death of his cousin. He was half expecting his wife to be mad at him, but she never was, instead she was somewhat understanding of what Grahame told her. \" Go, if you think there is something suspicious about your cousin's death, you must investigate, he was after all family, \" \"You're not mad at me?\" \" Why would I be? You have been so trustful and truthful to me ever since we met, do what you must, \" \"I am leaving tonight, but I won't there long, I will be back within a week, no later,\" Grahame rested his hands on her stomach. \"I want to be back before our child is born.\" he signed to her. Ffion smiled at him thoughtfully, throughout the remainder of the day, Ffion and Grahame spent the day in front of the fire, thinking up names of what they should name their child. Grahame came up with two possible names, but even the names he found it difficult to say and even sign to Ffion. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Night fell and the rain had passed, a starry night loomed over London in what Grahame thought must have been the only time he had seen the stars in the sky. A carriage was waiting for him, Ffion and Sofia stood in the doorway as the driver loaded his case full of clothes onto the back of the carriage. \"I'll see you see you soon,\" he signed to Ffion before kissing her softly on her lips. \"Take care of her Sofia,\" \"I will.\" Sofia replied. Grahame left walking backwards, he nearly bumped into the carriage as his eyes remained set on Ffion, he didn't want to leave her, not now when any day their child would be born at any moment. But with this calling that something was going on in Crythin Gifford, he had to go, even if it meant getting to the point of what really happened to his cousin. The driver cracked his whip and the horse trotted along the cobbled streets of London. The night was cold and draughty, but albeit it was a spectacular night, no cloud in the sky and the moon was bright and round. For the first time, in far so long, Grahame noticed how beautiful the sky at night looked. He never paid much attention to the sky at night, not that he had enough time, just that he didn't pay much attention to it; his mind had been occupied on many things over the course of his life even for him to avert his gaze or attention to his surrounding of life. He settled back into the journey and waited for his own arrival at the train station. A/N : A lot of changes to this chapter when I first wrote it out, so I rewrote Chapter 1 and this one is far better than the one I wrote previously, I mean, in my previous chapter I wrote, Ffion was meant to speak, but I changed her to become deaf, don't know why, it just seemed to fit into my story nicely. So a lot of changes. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 3] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: So sorry for the late update, but here is chapter 2, hope it is okay. In Response: to LadyLulu , thanks for your previous review, and to answer you review, Ffion is pronounced (f-ee-on) and it is actually a Welsh name which means 'Foxglove', isn't that nice? :) Also thank you to Anera527 for your review and for adding this story to your Favorite story list. Appreciate it loads :) And now onto the next chapter. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 2 Grahame had arrived at the small station where the train he was meant to catch with plenty of time to spare. He tipped the driver and made his way towards the station platform. He had already brought his tickets in advance, both for the journey to and the return journey to and from Crythin Gifford. The platform he stood on was small, narrow almost. The stone floor was damp, wet and dark. It was dimly lit, and he was the only soul on the platform with nothing but his belongings to keep him company. He took to a bench and sat down. It creaked slightly as he sat down on it. Grahame's brown eyes widened. Please don't collapse on me! He thought to himself. It was rather uncomfortable for him to sit on, and he could feel the tiny wood chipping sticking into his rear end. He should have remained standing; at least then he would still have use for his rear tush than have splinters in it. Now all he had to do was wait, for the train to arrive. As he waited, Grahame noticed that sound had completely vanished around him. Nothing, apart from the icy cold temperature that was left behind by the rain, was present. Grahame tightened his coat as the icy cold temperature followed by a stinging blow of wind that blew at him and into the clearing of the platform. A chilling breeze blew at the trees on the other side of the bank, opposite where the platform was. Very slowly the breeze blew them back and forth. Grahame watched as the tops of the trees swayed gently with the breeze. Something startled him, his head span to the side where he saw a disused wooden door clatter loudly. Another breeze swept through the platform, and the trees flayed wildly this time. A chill ran through Grahame's feet and surged up to his face. He wrapped himself up tighter as much as he could as the wind, which acted like mini daggers plucked and pricked at his face. The wooden door clattered again. Something was off, and Grahame could feel it. His heart skipped a beat when he sensed that he was not alone. His brown eyes slowly moved towards the darkness of the trees. Something was within their clutches. Something was moving. Something was watching him. His eyes focused, he saw a faint outline of what to him looked like a person. But the darkness prevented him from making out what that person was, male or female. Someone was watching him from within the darkness of the trees. He could feel its eyes on him, like a blaze of heat, but aside from the heated gaze from whoever was looking at him in the trees, it was nothing compared to the mini icy cold daggers of the cold night that stung his face and his body also – his coat did nothing to keep the cold out. As his eyes focused on the darkness of the trees, he found his eyes were unresponsive, he needed to blink, and his eyes ached as he tried to move them. The cold air was starting to sting his eyes, he needed to blink, but his eyes remained tightly sealed on the darkness of where he sensed that someone was watching him. The train arrived in front of the platform pulling to halting screech. He never even heard its arrival. It just passed in front of him, knocking him out of his concentrated state from the other side of the trees. Whatever Grahame had sensed, it was gone, that sense he had of someone watching him, was gone, probably vanished when the train pulled up to the station. Grahame stood up and looked at the train that was before him. The train before him looked old and rickety. It was painted black and only about six long carriages were attached to the front. Grahame looked up and down the length of the train. \"Ahoy there!\" someone shouted walking down from the last carriage. \"Ahoy there I say!\" said the man. Grahame looked all around the platform. It suddenly dawned on him that the man was calling to him, who else? Grahame pointed to himself. The man nodded as he arrived closer to Grahame. This had to be Samuel Daily. \"You must be Grahame Kipps,\" the man asked before stopping and surveying him up and down. Grahame nodded. \"I am.\" \"I was half expecting you to look somewhat similar to your cousin,\" the man said. \"Oh,\" was all Grahame said. \"Sorry if that is a disappointment to you,\" \"Not at all,\" the man said. Grahame looked up at the man who was taller than him, his clean shaven smooth stern face bearing down on Grahame like an angry headmaster he was once tutored by. \"You must be Samuel Dailey,\" \"That I am,\" said Sam still surveying Grahame before he reached out and shook his hand. \"I suppose we should get on board before the train leaves us, I shall explain everything once we are settled into our journey,\" Grahame nodded at this, went and picked up his belonging and followed Sam into the nearest train compartment. Once in the first compartment, they took their seats, Grahame placed his luggage in the overhead compartments and sat facing opposite each other. The seats were made out of wood, and they were uncomfortable to sit on, at least it wasn't as splintery as the platform bench in which Grahame sat on just moments ago. The carriage itself was clean, apart from the misty, wet windows that prevent them from seeing outside. Small lanterns were lit giving the compartment and eerie glow to it. The train gave a sudden jolt and they were off. Sam ran his hands through his dark brown combed hair. \"You got my package I assume?\" Grahame nodded. \"How much have you managed to read?\" \"All of it, I must point out I am a fast reader.\" Grahame replied. Sam nodded once. \"I have to admit, I am happy that you agreed to sort out our problem,\" \"You mean this Jennet Humfrye?\" Sam nodded. \"A scorned spirit that attacks your small village,\" Sam nodded again. Grahame sighed. \"I must admit, that you haven't given me much to go on,\" \"I haven't?\" Sam asked. Grahame shook his head. \"All I know, is that your village has a problem, concerning this Jennet, otherwise known to some as The Woman in Black, and it relates to the deaths of many children, and somehow my cousin was involved, or at least, that was what it seems to me,\" Sam nodded. Grahame stared at him. \"Well, aren't you going to tell me, what really is going on, otherwise you wouldn't have asked me to come to Crythin Gifford,\" \"Very well,\" Sam said straightening himself into an upright position. \"Tell me Grahame, do you believe in Ghosts?\" he asked. Grahame looked at him vacantly. \"Yes,\" he simply said. \"And you became a paranormal investigator?\" \"Yes,\" Grahame said nodding. \"So I take it you know a thing or two about Ghosts?\" \"Majorly,\" replied Grahame. \"What can you tell me about curses?\" asked Sam, and Grahame was hoping for a straight answer. \"That depends on what kind of curse you are on about,\" Grahame told him. Sam rested back into the back of his seat. \"Jennet Humfrye is a Ghost,\" Grahame blinked at him. \"A couple of years ago, Jennet Humfrye gave birth to a baby boy called, Nathaniel. But Jennet was mentally disturbed, her sister Alice Drablow and her husband took Nathaniel away from her due to the fact that Jennet was mentally disturbed. It was revealed that Nathaniel was never to know who her real mother was. They adopted Nathaniel, much to Jennet's anger,\" \"What about the father of Jennet's son?\" Grahame asked. Sam shook his head. \"We don't know who the father was; they also took him away from Jennet because she was never married\" Grahame nodded understanding everything so far. Grahame gestured Sam to continue on. \"Jennet demanded after a year that Alice bring back Nathaniel, Alice after some time, complied with her sister's wish and agreed that Jennet will stay at Eel Marsh House with her sister, so long as Jennet does not reveal her true identity to her son. They began growing close, Jennet and her son. One night, Jennet was looking forward to seeing her son again, and she was planning on running away with him, she waited for her son that night in Eel Marsh House,\" \"But something went wrong, didn't it?\" Grahame said. Sam nodded gloomily. \"A pony and trap, one night got lost in the marshes, Alice and her husband, escaped, but they left Nathaniel to perish, Jennet waited and waited for her son to arrive. But when he didn't Jennet became angry. When she found out about what happened that night, Jennet blamed her sister on everything. Jennet then hung herself shortly afterwards. In her grieve, her spirit remained.\" \"How does this tie in with the children?\" Sam hesitated. \"It is said that whoever sees Jennet, a child dies immediately afterwards, Jennet forces them to commit suicide in any way possible,\" \"She…forces children to kill themselves?\" Grahame grimaced at the thought. \"I lost my son to her,\" Sam said suddenly, his face changing into a pale colour. \"He drowned, Jennet's doing,\" \"I'm sorry to hear that,\" Grahame said sympathetically. \"You weren't to know, my wife Elisabeth, never got over his death…\" Sam trailed off; Grahame saw faint flashes of flicker in his hazel green eyes. He could tell he was having a flashback. \"What of my cousin, Arthur?\" Grahame asked suddenly, which brought Sam out of his troubled trance. Sam cleared his throat. \"I met your cousin, Arthur, purely by chance; he was on the same train as me, I allowed him to stay at our house, seeing that others weren't too kind on his arrival. It was some time after I found out that he was admitted to putting Eel Marsh House on the market,\" Sam fell quiet. \"And even before he set foot into the house it was too late, when he said he saw her, I realized that there was nothing I could do,\" \"You didn't stop him?\" Sam said nothing. He carried on. \"He spent a night at the house, and encountered some disturbance. When he learnt about what was happening to the village, he tried to break the curse. He was hoping that he could reunite the body of Nathaniel with that of the body of Jennet,\" \"And what happened?\" Sam strayed into thought as he remembered Arthur fishing the body of Nathaniel out of the boggy marsh and back into Eel Marsh house for Jennet to see, and then buried Nathaniel within Jennet's grave. Sam told him this. \"And did that work?\" Grahame asked. \"We thought it did,\" said Sam. \"We were convinced it did. Later the next night, Arthur and his son met at the station, they were planning on returning to London immediately, whilst Arthur and I were talking, his son–\" \"–Joseph,\" Grahame said, he was getting slightly irritated by Sam saying 'Arthur's son' \"–Joseph, slipped away and onto the tracks, Arthur jumped into the path of an oncoming train, and…well, you can guess what happened.\" Sam said bringing the story to a close. Grahame sighed heavily. \"And you just stood back and did nothing?\" Sam stuttered. \"I-I t-tried…I-I mean, everything was just so fast. I didn't have time to react,\" suddenly Sam felt an intense strain of heat of guilt flow through him; he instantly thought that he made an enemy out of Grahame. \"It's okay, I don't blame you, I blame this Jennet,\" Grahame said to him. Taking his word Sam nodded. \"Do you think you can get rid of her, seeing that you are a paranormal investigator?\" Grahame chuckled. \"At this moment in time I do not know what you have been told about me, but I have only spent a month – of sorts – in the field. Technically, this will be my first official ghost hunt as it were.\" \"You mean you are new to this?\" Grahame nodded his head. \"Sadly, a lot of people don't take kindly to my beliefs.\" he said gloomily. \"I think you will find that people in Crythin Gifford will.\" said Sam. \"They are particularly looking forward to meeting you,\" smiled Sam slightly. \"Well, I might be a bearer of bad news.\" said Grahame in a strained tone. \"My company is on the verge of collapse, barely getting enough money as it,\" \"Maybe this journey is what you need, getting rid of Jennet, your first job as a successful paranormal investigator,\" said Sam. \"Maybe.\" said Grahame. Silence merged between them, it was some time after before Sam asked him a question. \"Why did you become a paranormal investigator?\" Grahame took his time in answering. From Sam's view he looked as if he wanted to cry, but he held strong. \"It was just a hobby at first, until I became fascinated by the superstition of Ghosts and Spirits. I was fascinated by them as a child. I think it was because of what my grandmother had said to me once, 'I will always look over you', she said that to me before she died, I must have been about 4 years old going on 5. And even when she died, I got that sense that she was still with me, looking over me. As the years went on, I was convinced entirely by the belief of Ghosts and Spirits.\" His brown eyes glistened like starlight as he spoke more of his belief. \"My belief in Ghosts and Spirits became my dream, my life passion. I knew what I wanted to do in life: investigate in the paranormal. That's why I started up my own business,\" he said, before adding sombrely, \"but my life passion seems to be coming to an early end.\" Sam stared at him. \"Are you married?\" he asked him out of curiosity. \"To the most wonderful and inspiring woman alive,\" Grahame smiled as he envisioned Ffion's face right in front of him. \"Ffion, that's her name. She's deaf. Can't speak,\" Grahame said to Sam. Sam merely nodded. \"Even though she can't speak, I still love her.\" \"Do you have child?\" Sam asked again curious. \"Expecting one any day soon, which is why want to get this problem of yours over and done with as soon as possible.\" \"So you can get rid of her?\" said a hopeful Sam. \"I can try; bare in mind this is my first time in trying to stop a scorned spirit,\" Grahame told him. \"Do you have a way on how to get rid of her?\" Sam asked again hopeful. \"If there is one thing I know about Spirits and Ghosts, is that they are in every way similar to the living, just with a few extra added features. How do you solve an argument?\" Grahame asked. Sam remained silent and confused. \"You talk it through,\" \"You think that talking to Jennet will prove useful?\" Grahame looked at Sam and smiled before saying: \"It's not a question of talking that will prove useful; it's whether or not the Jennet will take up to talking.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps As the train chuffed and huffed on into the early hours of the morning, Grahame decided to at least get some sleep, although sleeping on the wooden bench was not exactly comfortable, but somehow, he managed to doze off eventually, with Sam just watching over him. As Grahame slept, that same dream he had the previous night came sweeping back into his mind. Pitch black and white smoke with the faint voices of people calling over one another, except this time a faint glow in the farthest distance of the darkness was shown and pulsated and flickered like a candle in the wind – Grahame woke up suddenly, the kind of sudden wake where you dream you are falling a thousand miles an hour and wake up just in the nick of time before you hit the ground. A small trickle of sweat ran down his right temple and Sam saw that startled look on his face. \"Nightmare?\" he said. Grahame nodded. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" Grahame shook his head. \"It's just a nightmare, nothing more.\" Sam stared at him suspiciously, he got the feeling that Grahame was holding something back; he could see pain and sadness in his eyes, but didn't think it polite to ask. \"May I ask you a question?\" Sam inquired. Grahame nodded his head in comply. \"How close were you to Arthur?\" Grahame's dark brown eyes stared at Sam for quite some time. Grahame swallowed hard as he tried to answer this question. \"I was pretty close, as children we would always be around in the same room and playground and garden. Our fathers, we both lawyers, Arthur wanted to be in the family business, so he became one, his father was so proud. My father on the other hand, was not so happy with my selection of job choice.\" Grahame trailed off into a whisper. But Sam heard him all the same. \"Times were tough when our parents died, and we found ourselves looking after ourselves, Arthur was always the one with the answers, or at least, in my view he had the answers.\" Grahame went silent from then on and nothing but the gentle rocking motion of the train as it passed the darkness and onwards toward Crythin Gifford. \"Life got somewhat better for Arthur, well, that's what I was told. Then he married Stella, his wife, but then, disaster came for Arthur when Joseph was born, Stella died in childbirth. Arthur never got over it. I would come around to see how he was doing, I could still see after two years of her death how much her death affected him, but he always remained strong for his son. I never saw much of them towards the end of yesteryear. Me I was busy what with trying to get my company up and running…and then…\" he sighed heavily. Sam could see he was tired. \"…when I got news…of Arthur's death,\" he tried to find the right words to end his sentence, but never could, instead he asked Sam, \"How does one sum up when you lose someone so close in one word?\" Sam lowered his head. He himself had lost his son. \"There are, many ways, in which people cope and mourn with death of a loved, that much I learnt.\" he said. Losing his only son, Sam went into denial, his wife Elisabeth, was somewhat disturbed and went into hysterics; she even claimed that she could speak to her own son and that he would take over her body to speak to whoever was around. Sam decided not to tell Grahame about his wife's disturbed mental state, so he kept quiet. Although he was afraid of having something similar to that time when Arthur stayed at their home and when Elisabeth went into her yet another episode. \"You look sad,\" Sam said looking at Grahame dead in the eyes. \"I get this feeling that there is something more than just your cousin's death that is worrying you,\" Grahame straightened out and frowned at Sam. \"It get this feeling that there is something else playing you.\" he said. \"What makes you say that?\" \"Your eyes are filled with death,\" Sam said. Grahame felt somewhat scared now. \"A lot of people say that you can tell a person's life story from their face, but it's the eyes of one's self that shows the true story. And right now, your eyes are telling me that you have met your fair share of death.\" Grahame frowned more and more that his eyebrows were but triangles and his brow was crinkled beyond recognition. Sam was good, maybe too good to know the life story of one person. Then Grahame thought back to the letter, it said that Sam had done some research on him, but how much research exactly? That was what was bothering Grahame now amongst everything else that he had just learnt. A/N: Good? Bad? Mixed? Be honest, I don't bite. Chapter 3 will be up as soon as I have again looked over it and improved it. Reveiws would be nice, but I am not forcing. SoulVirus[Chapter 4] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Again I am sorry for the late upload, for some reason I am somewhat hesitant about this chapter. My mind was phasing in and out and I hardly remember writing half of the words that appeared in this chapter, but I hope you like it. In Response: To Anera525 , thanks for your review, I am glad you are enjoying the story. And where has LadyLulu gone to? I enjoyed you previous reviews. Anyway enjoy the chapter. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 3 Dawn was approaching slowly. A faint tint of orange was illuminated against the morning sky, and the first clouds visible were blood red. The train pulled into the station at first with a small crawl and a sudden stop. Grahame and Sam both stood up, with Grahame pulling his belongings from the overhead compartment and followed Sam out onto the station platform. To Grahame's surprise the platform was far tidier and much bigger and had much more light as compared to the small platform he waited on to catch the train in the first place. As Sam waited for him to take his first step and onto the platform, Grahame wished that he was met with a much calmer atmosphere. His face contorted into a sour look. Sam caught this look. Grahame cocked his head to the side to get a better understanding of what this atmosphere to him felt like. Sam saw him frozen to the spot, unresponsive. \"Grahame?\" Sam asked as he approached him. Startled by Sam's voice, Grahame jumped and saw Sam standing by the side of him, his hand rested on his shoulder. \"Is everything alright?\" Sam asked him. \"Yes,\" Grahame said plainly. Sam however could tell he was lying about this, he wondered why Grahame acted strange from the moment he took his first step off the train, but he didn't want to bother Grahame in asking why, maybe another time. \"If you will just wait here, I will check to see if our carriage has arrived.\" Sam said. Grahame nodded and watched as Sam left him on the platform. The train suddenly pulled away from the station with a rattle and clatter. As the train pulled away, Grahame saw in the many windows as the train passed the pale faces of what looked like young little children, all watching and staring at him. As the last of the carriages passed, the faces of children were no vanished; they were not standing on the other side of the platform. Grahame frowned and pondered over this bizarre and odd moment. Pale faces of children, seen for only a brief moment and then gone, classic signs of Ghosts. He thought to himself. As if things couldn't get any stranger, a sudden drop in temperature swept through the platform. His breath was reflected in the cold air, and a few light bulbs flickered her and there. As before when he was waiting for the train back in London, he got that sense that something was with him. Grahame's brown eyes scanned the whole area he was in for any signs of paranormal activity, he saw nothing. Everything however returned to normal as Sam returned. \"Our carriage has arrived.\" Sam said to Grahame. Grahame nodded his head but he didn't follow Sam, his eyes were suddenly drawn and focused on the tracks in front of him. \"Is this where he died?\" Grahame asked out of the blue. Sam stared at him for a brief moment. He was hoping that Grahame wouldn't ask that question, but he did. There was no point in denying or hiding from the fact this station was the last place where Arthur was alive last. \"Yes,\" Sam said in a strained tone nodding his head. That night of what happened played in Sam's mind over and over. The train, Joseph, Arthur, the faces of children in the windows as the train passed, and the sudden sickening smacking THWACK as the train struck Arthur and Joseph smack head on. Sam tried to shake the image from his mind, but it kept replaying over and over constantly. Sam closed his eyes and his face was pained by the events of what happened to Arthur and his son. Grahame who stood on the platform and stared at the spot of where his cousin and son last stood on this earth, Grahame had slight twinge of anger brew in him. \"This Jennet is one stuck up bitch!\" he said through gritted teeth. His turned to face Sam who was clearly fighting the urge to throw away the pain of seeing Arthur dying over in his mind. \"Sam!\" Grahame called to him. \"I think its best we got off this platform!\" Grahame said eagerly. And with that Grahame escorted Sam and himself along with his luggage off the platform. Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"I am sorry about back at the platform,\" Sam said as he and Grahame, now on the open cart that was being pulled by a horse. \"About?\" Grahame asked him confused. \"Me, and my sudden flashback of what happened that night,\" he said. Grahame shook his head. \"Think nothing of it,\" Grahame said to him. \"After all, it wasn't your fault, it's this Jennet.\" \"I heard you call her a 'stuck up a bitch' back at the platform,\" Sam said. Grahame turned to look at Sam. \"Isn't she?\" \"I don't think she will take too kindly to hearing you say that,\" Sam said to him sternly. Grahame's face was vacant. \"I don't take kindly to vengeful Ghosts who kill cold bloodily and take your own family away from you,\" Grahame said earnestly. Sam gave a slow nod to this. \"You really are angry at her aren't you?\" \"She killed my cousin, I have every right to be,\" Sam agreed to this. For the next few minutes, they rode on in silence, the were riding along a small narrow path that lead into Crythin Gifford, which was surrounded by small green fields and hills. As the sun rose, a beautiful green scenery was cast, but it soon vanished by the sudden vast movement of the grey and black clouds that loomed over the whole area. \"This place must have been wonderful to visit in its prime,\" Grahame wondered imagining the green scenery and the smell of flowers that might have blossomed, but at this moment he could smell nothing, just the grey and ashen fields. \"It…used to be, that was until–\" Sam suddenly straddled off his sentence. \"Jennet came along.\" Grahame said finishing Sam's sentence. \"Yeah,\" Sam said quietly to himself. Grahame nodded at this. It seemed that this Jennet had caused a lot of things to go wrong since Grahame had learnt from Sam everything that he knew thus far about Jennet. Grahame ran everything he knew about this Jennet through his mind. She was mentally disturbed, she lost her only son. She hated her sister for taking her son. She killed herself because she couldn't bare to be without her son, that didn't play out well for her. Then she starts killing children, and this was something that Grahame found somewhat peculiar, but it made sense all the same. This Jennet was venting her sorrow and anger onto those who had children, but it had to be more than anger or sorrow, it had to be something else. \"She's jealous,\" Grahame said. \"Pardon,\" Sam said. \"Jennet, I have been thinking on reasons why she would kill children,\" \"Well, she's angry and sad, full of grief, she wants other's to know her pain,\" \"If she wanted to vent her anger, why not vent it on her sister, Alice? Her sister is much to blame than anyone else. Jennet is killing children because she is jealous of other's having a children and being happy,\" \"You think that's why she is killing them, because she is jealous?\" asked Sam. Grahame thought for a moment. \"At this moment in time, it's the only possible reason I can think of, grief and sorrow may play a part, but more jealousy than anything else.\" As they ventured closer towards Crythin Gifford, a bit further away, from Grahame's point of view he saw the tip of what looked like a church. \"Anyone from Crythin Gifford religious…?\" Grahame asked curiously. Sam turned his head into the direction of the dark and bleak building in the distance. \"Not that I know of,\" said Sam as he turned his concentration back onto the path ahead. \"The church hasn't been used in such a long time. I can't remember when it was last used, I never went there, and it was closed down sometime before Jennet's spirit came along.\" \"Why was it closed down?\" asked Grahame his eyes still fixated on the church. \"I don't particularly know why,\" replied Sam. \"Is the church important?\" Grahame didn't answer him, although he did hear him. But as he watched, passing the church, his mind was reflected on something that only now just popped into his mind. \"Sam,\" he said slowly. \"In the letter you gave me, you said you did some research on me, how did you find me exactly?\" \"I was present when Arthur's body was moved, the coroner and other officials were there, and I overheard them talking about there being relative, they mentioned your name. So I asked an official, if they had any spare documents on Arthur and any of his relatives. Purely by chance, they did, I noticed your name immediately, and I sought you out. It said you were a paranormal investigator,\" Grahame jumped in and spoke before he had the chance to carry on. \"It said that you were sceptical towards Paranormal Investigators,\" Sam nodded. \"Why exactly?\" Sam hesitated. \"Some…paranormal investigators, from what I have read and heard of in passing, aren't supposed to be reliable,\" he admitted. \"And you called me to sort out your little, problem,\" Grahame said to him, glancing a rather peculiar look at him. \"Since your cousin's death, I am willing to try anything.\" Sam said. Grahame focused his attention to the surrounding path that lay ahead of them. \"Sam,\" Grahame said suddenly. \"Did you tell anyone else about me at Crythin Gifford? And that I would be arriving?\" Sam remained quiet, heat built up in him, his stomach stated to make a strange gurgling noise. \"Sam?\" Grahame said. \"I may have told a few people,\" \"Define 'few',\" Grahame asked him. Sam again remained quiet and his stomach made more gurgling noises. Grahame frowned at this. \"By few, I mean, the whole village.\" he admitted. Grahame rolled his eyes. \"Great.\" he mumbled. \"Sorry,\" apologized Sam. \"But when they heard you were a paranormal investigator, they were thrilled buy the idea of having you come here, so everyone pitched in and gave their testimonies and witness letters and pictures of the occurrence's that have happened between them and Jennet.\" \"You did tell them that I haven't been doing this job as long as other paranormal investigators, right?\" Sam refrained from making eye contact with Grahame. \"Right,\" said Grahame. \"Of course you didn't.\" For the rest of the journey, they rode in silence. As they drew closer, Grahame saw the bleak little village of Crythin Gifford, not that far away. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The black ominous cloud that loomed over Crythin Gifford became suddenly darker, chances of rain was likely. The village was quiet. The village looked as if the whole place had been scorched from a terrible fire and the black soot remained. Everywhere Grahame looked, grey inhabited every corner of the village. As Sam pulled the horse and cart into the centre of the village to a halt, Grahame jumped down from the cart and took a good but quick look around. \"It's so quiet,\" Grahame said as he looked all around. He heard a quiet squeak from nearby; someone had opened the door to their home. Grahame turned into the direction of where the squeak came from. Grahame saw, edging from the darkness of her own home a woman, who looked as if she were in her mid-forties, wearing a white frock, but it looked filthy. She hurried back inside and then came back out carrying her two young six year old daughters. Grahame heard Sam gasp, he had an inkling why he did this. Grahame's brown eyes twitched as he wondered if Jennet would appear suddenly. He hoped she would, he would take his first look at the killer who killed his cousin. He didn't know but he was kind of looking forward to meeting her, if ever she did appear that was. As the woman brought her two young daughters forward to Grahame. The woman pleaded with Grahame, almost nearly bowing low at his feet like he was some God. \"Please, they are only six!\" the woman said holding her daughters close. \"They don't deserve to die,\" the woman breathed heavily, and Grahame was afraid that she was going to collapse from hyperventilation. More doors opened and more villagers came walking out shyly with their children to meet Grahame. \"Please, get rid of that bitch…I have a 4 year old son,\" a buff man said walking up to him with his four year old son in his arms. \"Is it him, the Ghost man?\" said another man pushing his way through the ever growing crowd of villagers who came out to meet Grahame. Rather quickly, and much to Grahame's surprise, almost everyone from the village were in the square to meet him, all practically shouting to be heard. They formed a circular round ring, trapping Grahame within the heart of the circle; Sam remained by his horse and cart while Grahame had become trapped within. Voices surrounded Grahame, all dampening other voices only to be met by more. \"Quiet! Please!\" Grahame called over the massing voices. The villagers suddenly fell quiet. \"I have only been here for no more than four minutes, and already you are practically begging me to do something that will save your children's lives.\" Grahame walked around the inner miniature circle that he was in. \"I don't know what you have been told about me, but I am new to this,\" he sighed heavily. \"I wish I could have come here on more cheerful grounds, sadly I am but the bearer of bad news. The company I have built is in danger of closing; I have been in the paranormal field for no more than over a month.\" Murmurs came from within the crowd, many looking disappointed. \"But rest assured, I will do my best to rid this scorned Spirit of whatever curse she has laid on this village, until the meantime, I suggest you take your children back indoors, keep a close eye on then and do not let them out of your sight!\" warned Grahame. With this, everyone took Grahame's words with extreme caution and headed back inside their home with their children and locked the doors behind them, thus quickly emptying the small square Grahame was standing in. He turned back to face Sam, who looked pale. \"Expecting her to show were you?\" asked Grahame hinting on the sudden gasp that Sam had made when he first saw the villagers merge from their home with their children. \"I was expecting her yes, Jennet normally kills in plain sight, even out in the open.\" explained Sam. Grahame nodded and looked around at the desolate vacant village, he was hoping to sense Jennet, or at least some paranormal force at work, watching him, watching the children, but he felt nothing, not a twinge of instinct that told him that something was watching him. He found this somewhat, slightly off-putting. As before back at the station where he got off, he cocked his head to the side and revolved his head to the left. Sam frowned at him when he did this. Was this some sort of investigative way that Grahame did when he was up against a spirit? As usual Sam said nothing. \"I suggest we get going,\" Sam said suddenly causing Grahame to spin his head into his direction. \"I don't like the silence at time that this village produces.\" Grahame nodded a few times before making quickly back at the cart. Both he and Sam jumped onto the cart and they were away. Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"What do you do for a living Sam?\" Grahame asked as they neared Sam's home. \"I'm a local landowner,\" Grahame was amused by this. \"So I take it you have a somewhat fairly big home?\" \"You could say that.\" said Sam. Grahame needn't ask any more on what Sam did as a local landowner, but when they arrived at his home, Grahame realized his home was somewhat more in his words 'affluent' compared to those back at the village in Crythin Gifford, it was spacious and luxury. Grahame wondered how Sam had managed to find him, now he knew why, he was wealthy. \"You will be staying with us until you have rid Jennet from our sights,\" Sam said in a more vicious and demanding tone which Grahame didn't like one bit at all. \"Thank you, but you needn't have to.\" \"Your cousin was kind; it's the least I could do for you.\" Sam decided to carry Grahame's luggage himself and into his home. As Grahame followed, he saw parked to one side an automobile. \"Why didn't you use that?\" he asked. Sam popped his head around the side of the front door and saw Grahame use his head and point towards his automobile. \"I haven't used it since your cousin's death, brings back bad memories,\" said Sam as retreated back into his home quickly as he saw the automobile. Grahame took one look at the automobile, he had seen a few of these contraptions being used around London, but he never thought highly of them, he always thought they were dangerous, he preferred trains and horse and carts compared to these new automatic carriages. Moreover, Grahame saw yet another side to Sam; he seemed to shy away from anything that may have been related back to Arthur, these things included such trinkets and objects, he had never thought that Arthur's death had affected him as much as it had affected Grahame. Once inside, Grahame saw a butler come up to Sam and took Grahame's luggage off him and up to the stairs to the room where Grahame would be sleeping. Sam took Grahame inside the lounge area, where a fire was burning. He gestured Grahame to take a seat. Sam went over to a cabinet and began rummaging through the cabinets for something. Grahame heard some clinking and clanking, followed by that of liquid being poured and sloshing around. Sam retuned with two small glasses of whiskey, he handed one to Grahame. \"Whiskey at such an early hour of the morning.\" Grahame said to himself. \"I have been drinking whiskey ever since your cousin died, every morning I wake up and I see your cousin just getting smacked by that train and, well, whiskey helps calm my nerves.\" If Grahame was mistaken, he could have sworn that he heard Sam's voice crack slightly. Moreover he was worried if Sam was making himself sick due to the events of his cousin's death. \"If you don't mind my asking,\" Sam said to Grahame as he took a sip of his whiskey. \"How are you going to get rid of her?\" Grahame swirled his drink around in his hands before answering Sam's question. In truth he had no idea how he was going to get rid of Jennet, or even if he could, where would he start? \"I am hoping to get her to move on.\" Grahame said thinking up something on the spot. \"And, how may I ask, will you do that?\" Again Grahame took his time in answering. \"By making her see the lighter side of life, hopefully I can get her to see what was important to her before she lost her son, before she killed herself, before her sister took her own son from her.\" \"And if that doesn't work?\" A smirk appeared on Grahame's face, one of which Sam didn't like looking at at all. \"I know a few rituals, shall we say, in which I can probably send her spirit from this world to another to rot for all eternity,\" \"Does that work?\" \"Don't know,\" Grahame said taking a sip of his whiskey. \"I've never tired it before,\" \"Well, I wish you the best of luck,\" Sam said. The two of them leaned forward and clunked their glasses together. \"To Arthur and the children of Crythin Gifford,\" Sam said. \"To Arthur and the children of Crythin Gifford,\" Grahame replied. And with that, the two of them downed their drinks in one go. A/N: Right, here we are, good, bad, not good? Be honest. I would like to see a few more reviews before I get chapter 4 up. Anyway Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 5] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Again, so sorry for the late upload, but I was somewhat hesitant about this chapter for some off reason, anyway, I hope you like it, not giving anything away, but next chapter we see a very historic building, can you guess what that building will be? You will find out soon. In Response: To Anera527 , I might add Arthur in this story, or I might not, have to wait and see. To LadyLuly thanks for your massive review, Jennet will make an appearance, she has to, I am just building the suspense that is all. And to an anonymous Guest , who ever you are, thank you for your review also. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 4 Grahame wanted to familiarize himself with his surroundings of Crythin Gifford before he got to work and headed up to Eel Marsh House where this supposed Woman in Black was stationed. \"Are you sure you don't want me to give you a ride into the village? It's the least I could do,\" Sam asked. Grahame shook his head. \"I'll be fine, a walk is what I need to figure out how to approach Jennet, and I'd rather think my actions through rather than walking into Eel Marsh House blind.\" he said. He bid farewell to Sam and told him that he'd meet him back at the house later, where Grahame was hoping to get some sleep before he headed up to Eel Marsh House. On his walk into Crythin Gifford, Grahame pondered over how he was going rid the village of Jennet. He had no idea. Luckily he brought brooks and other assortments of guides telling him what to do when facing a spirit. Though he knew all spirits were different in styles. He was well read in hauntings, curses, not so much, though he considered curses to be pretty much on the same wavelength as hauntings, just a bit brutal and violent. As morning passed and into noon, Grahame set foot into Crythin Gifford once more, the small village was yet again quiet, except for a few adults here and there talking quietly amongst each other. Few caught his gaze and nodded at him and quickly turned back into their conversations. There was not much to do in Crythin Gifford, apart from that he knew where everything was, he was good at remembering where things were. As he walked around his eyes landed on a small inn, he went inside and took a look around. Inside the atmosphere was bleak, miserable and dreary, just like everything else in the whole town. A few grotty looking men in their shrivelled clothes and grubby black filthy faces all drank quietly from their cups. A few men turned and glanced at Grahame quickly. He walked up to the bar and ordered one round of its finest ale. The barmaid shakily gave him his pint of ale, settled it down on the counter in front of him and, spilling a few drops onto the counter as her hand shook. Grahame sighed. He had never seen a village so scared and terrified before in his life. Just sitting in this inn and its sudden quietness – with the odd whisper here and there – he never felt so out of place, such an open target. He sat in quietness drinking his ale, pondering through how to stop Jennet in her terror, how was he going to confront her? How was he going to contact her? This was his first ever job in trying to rid a village of a scorned spirit, he didn't want to botch this up. As he drank in quietness, he heard someone clicking their fingers. He turned his head to the right and saw a rather grubby filthy man smiling at him crookedly with black and yellow teeth. Grahame looked around to see if the man was looking at someone else or him. Grahame pointed to his chest and the man nodded. Edging his way up to Grahame and plonking himself rather awkwardly on the seat beside him, the man sighed and shook his head. Grahame stared at him as he continued to shake his head. The man chuckled rather suddenly that it nearly caused Grahame to jump. \"So you are the ghost fella?\" the man said in a wheezy tone. \"I prefer Paranormal Investigator,\" Grahame told the man. \"To long for me to say mate,\" the man chuckled. \"So you know ghosts, eh?\" he said taking a big swig of his own ale which some trickled down his chin and onto the black grubby and stinking coat of his. After taking a swig, he let out a loud belch which Grahame had to hold his breath for quite some time. Grahame grimaced and wanted to throw up. He had lost his appeal to drink the rest of his ale and just wanted to leave. \"I know a few things about ghosts myself. The 'Oooooooh' they make.\" he chucked again at this. \"Is that so?\" said Grahame not amused by the conversation he was having. \"But Jennet is inconspicuous at times. She keeps low. You won't even know she is there until you see her.\" Grahame sighed. \"I better get going,\" \"If you see her, run to your child immediately!\" the man said suddenly. \"As soon as you have seen her, she will go after your child next!\" Grahame stopped dead in mid-step; he turned rather slowly, his feet remaining firmly to the floor. \"What?\" Grahame asked the man. \"What did you say?\" The man mumbled along his lines before Grahame caught the end of his sentence \"…as soon as she is witnessed, a child dies, preferably the child of the person whom she has been witnessed by.\" Grahame's eyes widened. He wasn't told this by Sam, why wasn't he? He was about to get up and leave, but a small commotion from outside caught his attention. Raised voices were being shouted. He decided to go and take a look. Outside he saw a small crowd crowded around one another, all ganging around to see what was happening. Grahame managed to push and squeeze himself through the crowd and saw on there on the floor a young boy pleading with others around him to help him. \"Please, help me, it's my brother, he isn't breathing!\" the young boy said. On the floor by the boy's knees was a four year old boy, the top half of his body was wet, his face was pale and his lips were purple. Grahame looked around; no adult would help the young boy's brother. Grahame broke through and knelt down to the four year old boy. \"What happened?\" Grahame asked checking for a pulse. He couldn't feel one. \"We were down by the river and he just dunked his head into the water, I tried to pull him out but he fought me off–\" The boy panicked and left his sentence unfinished. Fear and terror flooded his pale grey eyes as his young brother laid on the floor, limp and lifeless. Grahame opened the boy's mouth and breathed into it, he then began pressing hard on his chest, counting every 10 seconds and then breathing again into the boy's mouth \"Come on!\" Grahame said. Everyone watched him as he administrated CPR, but everyone else looked at him as though this technique was something new. \"Come on, you can do it, breathe! Breathe!\" Grahame muttered. After some considerable amount of time, Grahame realized – though he didn't want to believe it just yet – that the young boy in front of him was already dead, Grahame even wagered that he was most likely already dead before his brother carried him to the village. \"Out of my way!\" a man's desperate voice pleaded. \"Out of my way I say, let me through!\" Bursting his way through the crowd, Grahame saw the man, whom he assumed was the father of the young boy. His eyes were already swelling with tears. He slumped to his knees and reached his hands out to his son. They were shaking uncontrollably. He sobbed at the sight of his son. \" That's my boy! \" he wailed. Grahame got up and backed away. \" That's my boy! \" the main wailed again. \" It's my boy!\" The villagers remained quiet as they watched the father cradle the body of his own son in his arms. \" IT'S MY B-O-Y! \" he bellowed out loudly for the whole village to hear. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame stared into the burning fire, while Sam poured Grahame some whiskey; he deduced that he will need it after what happened at the centre of the village. \"Is that how things go around here?\" he asked Sam. \"When a child dies, a parent gets to see their child die?\" Sam nodded his head. \"Does Jennet take pleasure in killing children in front of their own parents?\" \"I don't know.\" Sam replied as he handed the glass that contained a small amount of whiskey to Grahame. \"Drink up, you will need it.\" Grahame brought the cup to his mouth, but paused before he could take a sip or down it whole. \"I never even considered on saving the boy's life. My mind went blank and then, rather suddenly, I am trying to bring the boy back to life. It's as if, another force took hold of my body and did whatever it was I tried to do,\" he said staring back into the fire. \"I wish that could have happened to me sooner rather than later.\" he said as his eyes stung from the heat of the fire, his eyes widened as he heard the voices from that nightmare seeping through to him now in a daydream. The voices were this time clear. \" Callie! Callie. \" \" Mummy, help! \" \" Callie, get out! \" \" Mummy, we're trapped! \" \"Grahame?\" Sam said after several attempts to snap Grahame out of his daydream. \"You'll go blind if you stared at the fire any longer.\" \"Sorry,\" Grahame apologized. \"Thinking more about that boy, or more about Callie?\" Sam asked. Grahame shot a look to Sam. \"What?\" \"You mentioned her name at the train station and a couple of times whilst you were staring into the fire,\" Sam told him. Grahame was in-tuned with his deep thought that he had no recollection of even saying Callie's name. \"Who was she?\" Sam asked. \"Your daughter…?\" Grahame shook his head. \"Just, someone I knew who died is all.\" he said rather dismayed. \"This, Callie, must have meant a lot to you,\" Sam said. \"I hardly knew her.\" as Grahame said this; a slight sudden sharpening pain ran up his spin. It stung him but he managed to mask the pain of the sharp shiver that coursed up his spine. Grahame took another sip of his whiskey before he asked Sam something which caused his blood to freeze. \"Why didn't you tell me that as soon as Jennet has been seen a child dies?\" Grahame asked him. Sam said nothing at first. \"Sam, this is important! Why didn't you tell me?\" Sudden heat rose up inside Sam, and then it turned icy cold. This was what he felt when he felt guilty for not remembering or telling someone something important. \"I just forgot.\" he said simply in a low voice. Grahame sighed. \"Look,\" he said. \"I understand that this is difficult living under the shadow of a ghost who won't leave the children alone. But from now on, if I am going to stop Jennet, I need to know everything. And I mean everything. Understood?\" Sam nodded. Running into the room and jumping up to meet Grahame came a small golden brown dog who suddenly took a liking to Grahame. \"Spider, get down,\" Sam said to the dog. \"Spider?\" Grahame asked grimacing at the name. \"Yes, Spider, it's her name,\" \"You named your dog after an arachnid?\" Sam nodded at Grahame. \"Why did you name her after an eight legged animal that eats bugs, or has Crythin Gifford ran out of names you just happen to name them after the next thing that comes along?\" Sam said nothing and didn't bother to answer Grahame's question, instead he laughed. \"Sam?\" a faint voice from behind Grahame said. Grahame turned to see standing in the doorway, wearing a white nightdress, and long white hair, Sam's wife. \"Is this Grahame Kipps?\" the woman said. \"Um,\" Sam cleared his throat. \"Grahame, this is my wife, Elisabeth,\" Sam introduced. \"Pleasure to meet you Mrs. Dailey,\" Grahame said bowing slightly. \"Call me Elisabeth,\" Elisabeth told him. \"If you insist,\" Grahame said. \"I take it you will be staying with us for dinner?\" Elisabeth asked. Grahame turned to Sam for a response. \"Yes, Grahame will be staying, to get to Eel Marsh house you will have to wait until the tide has gone out,\" \"Tide?\" Grahame frowned. \"Does Eel Marsh house live in the middle of the ocean?\" \"Close to the sea actually,\" Sam said. \"Recently, the tide has become somewhat unpredictable as of late, since–\" \"–since my cousin died.\" Grahame finished his sentence for him. \"Anyway, it would do you good to have some food in you, get your strength up before you do go to Eel Marsh House,\" Sam said. Grahame agreed to this. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame had spent practically the entire day doing nothing, apart from sitting in the small spare room which was provided to him by Sam and Elisabeth where he began making notes on everything he knew about Jennet and what he had learnt from the villagers about her actions. Preparations were already underway for him to be taken to Eel Marsh House later that next morning, but Grahame was eager to get to Eel Marsh House and take on this vengeful spirit. Grahame had dressed into his smartest clothes and went downstairs to eat with Sam and his wife. They sat at the table in the dining room which was bright with lights and the cutlery was spick and span, not a single chip plate or cup or bent spoon, fork or knife was seen via Grahame's brown eyes. \"Ah, Grahame, please take a seat, dinner will be served in a few moments.\" Sam said as he greeted him to sit down opposite him. Elisabeth was already sitting at the table looking up at the ceiling with awe. She was wearing a white dress which resembled her hair and wrinkled face ever so wonderful; Sam wore a sand coloured suit of some sort whilst Grahame wore black. But they all looked smart at least. The first course of the dinner was soup, which Grahame enjoyed immensely, he told the butler to thank the cook when he were to return to the kitchen and compliment the cook on how splendid the soup was and tasted. The main course was chicken filled with potatoes, peas, mashed up spuds and roasted spuds, beans and carrots. It looked just like your average Sunday dinner but without the gravy. Dessert came with chocolate éclairs with cream and a side order of ice cream. Grahame had to hand it to Sam and his wife, they knew how to pleasure and suit their guest's well. The food was so delicious that Grahame knew that he would sleep well and sound tonight. \"I hope you enjoyed that,\" Sam said. \"Oh, yes, it was wonderful, you needn't had to go through such trouble to please me,\" Grahame said modestly. \"Nonsense, you are our guest, it is our job to make you feel at home here.\" Sam said to him. Home , for the first time since Grahame had stepped foot into Crythin Gifford, he started to miss Ffion. He imagined seeing her, sitting next to him eating dinner with the Dailey's, him having to translate everything she said. Oh, how he missed seeing her sign, how he missed that soft sweet naked body of hers every time they slept together in one another's arm. How he missed her blue starlight eyes that twinkled back at him, her blonde scented hair, and the softness of her arms as he had so often held them in his. \"Well,\" Grahame said after a minute or so, \"I guess I had better turn in.\" \"Before you go,\" Elisabeth had said suddenly before Grahame had gotten up from his seat. \"Would you like to meet our son?\" \"I didn't know you had a son,\" Grahame said frowning. \"We don't,\" Sam said suddenly, his jaw clenched and he started to shake, almost as if he were afraid. \"I think Nicholas would like to meet you,\" smiled Elisabeth. \"Elisabeth, please, not now!\" Sam seethed at her. \"Please, he would want to meet him,\" Elisabeth said. She closed her eyes, breathed in heavily and unleashed the longest sigh that Grahame had ever seen. \"Elisabeth,\" Sam called her name, but she did not reply. Her fingers became stiff and her nails scratched and etched into the woodwork of the table. \" Elisabeth, \" Sam barked to her. Grahame watched with such an outlandish gesture to what Elisabeth was doing. Elisabeth began to suddenly shake violently, almost as if to Grahame she was having some sort of fit. \" Elisabeth! \" Sam got up and made a move towards his wife. \"No, Sam, wait!\" Grahame held his up at him. Elisabeth's eye's shot open, her grey eyes looked directly at Grahame, and Grahame looked back. He saw her eyes roll into the back of her head. \"Elis–\" \"Wait, Sam!\" Grahame told him. Elisabeth opened her mouth to talk, but it wasn't her sweet kind voice that came out of her mouth, her voice was mixed in sync with that of another voice, a male voice, a child's voice. Together they spoke. \"Grahame Kipps, you should run!\" the possessed Elisabeth warned. \"Why should I?\" he asked. \"She cannot be reasoned, she cannot be saved, and she cannot be convinced to move on,\" \"What makes you say that?\" Grahame asked. \"She will never forgive what happened,\" \"And I will never forgive her for what she stole from me,\" \"You cannot fight her, Grahame Kipps,\" \"I can try,\" \" That is enough! \" Sam shouted, he called his butler in and ordered him to sedate his wife. \"No, don't, NO! \" Grahame yelled. He was too late. Sam's butler placed as handkerchief over her mouth and carried her out of the room. Grahame turned to look at Sam, he was not at all happy. \"Why did you do that?\" Grahame asked. Sam said nothing. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame was somewhat infuriated with Sam, but he couldn't blame him for sedating his wife, he was only looking out for her. Grahame was sitting at the end of his bed in the small room that Sam's butler had made out for him. His first day in Crythin Gifford turned out to be more than what he had expected. He saw a child's body. He witnessed a village living in terror, and most of all, he witnessed a possible possession, definitely something that any paranormal investigator would love to witness. Sadly however, the food that he had ate did not make him fall asleep any sooner than he wanted. Grahame sat alone in the dark, thinking mainly of what happened to Elisabeth. \" You cannot fight her…she will never forgive…she cannot be reasoned…she cannot be saved… \" These words echoed in Grahame's mind over and over. If it was true in what the possessed Elisabeth said to him, then it was a lost cause in trying to stop the one spirit who had taken his cousin from him. But he had to try, tomorrow he would be making his way up to Eel Marsh House, and hopefully he will be able to make contact with Jennet and put her out of her misery, somehow Grahame knew that was not going to be as simple as that. A knock sounded on the door and Sam pushed the door open. He stood between the threshold of the door, the light from the landing outside only lit one part of the room in which Grahame was in. \"Elisabeth believes that our son Nicholas can speak through her.\" he said to him. \"It makes her feel somewhat ill afterwards,\" Sam said before adding. \"It takes a lot from her.\" Grahame merely listened to what Sam had to say. Sam turned to leave. But before he left Grahame said, \"It is not uncommon for a ghost to possess a human body, there have been cases of people saying that the have been possessed by spirits,\" \"Elisabeth is not being possessed by our son, Grahame,\" Sam said lightly. \" Isn't she? \" Grahame emphasized. \"It looked like it to me.\" he said. Sam frowned at him. \"I said to you just this morning, ' if I am going to stop Jennet, I need to know everything. And I mean everything' I told you that. I know it's not nice seeing your wife take a funny turn, but I stopped you because I needed to know what Elisabeth, even if your wife was possessed, had to say.\" Grahame said to him. Sam had a sense of guilt in him, however during that moment, part of him wanted Grahame to witness what his wife went through, the other half of him, wanted to keep his wife's' sudden turn a secret. Sam left and closed the door behind him, shrouding Grahame in darkness. A/N: Chapter 5, as stated at the beginning of this chapter, an historoc building will appear, keep and eye out for it. Reviews would be nice, but I am not forcing you. SoulVirus.[Chapter 6] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Phew, have I been busy, mostly due to the fact that I have applied for University next year for a writing course which I am hoping to get onto. Anyway enough of my ranting, onto chapter 5. Oh, and also, you lot are going to hate me for doing this, but I am stopping the story by here for the moment in time, so consider this chapter a cliffhanger until chapter 6 comes along. I do love cliffhangers when I write them, but do not fear, join me back here in January where more chapters of Woman in Black will be waiting for you. In Response: To Anera527 thanks for your review, and also thanks to LadyLuly for her review as always, and to answer your question, Eel Marsh House is actually the only historic building within the story of Woman in Black, I don't know any other historic building in the story that I don't know of, LOL. Anyway enjoy, and I shall see you after the holiday. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 5 Grahame was afraid to even close his eyes; he didn't want to dream that nightmare he would have nearly every night. As soon as he closed his eyes, and saw nothing but darkness, which was followed by the white smoke and the voices of people shouting over him and that faint glow in the distance, he woke up suddenly. When he woke he found he wasn't sweating or panting, he half expected to have this dream again, oh, how he wanted to run away from this recurring nightmare, sadly he couldn't. He sat up, and noticed that it was still dark out, he got out of the bed and walked over to the window where he left the curtains opened. It was a starry night, and the moon was bright. Grahame looked down into the grounds of the house that belonged to Sam and Elisabeth, the glow from the moon, illuminated the massive garden, giving it that eerie glow. He looked out of the window and the massive garden, taking in the scene of the night. All he did was look and watch; nothing stirred the darkness or the night time. No one was awake, save for that dim shadow that moved across the grounds like a feeble old woman strutting in her wake. Grahame almost dismissed this figure and thought instantly that it was cat or a large animal, but the way it walked suggested to him that it was a human. Grahame frowned as his browns eyes followed the black shadowy figure as it walked to the far end of the garden and being swallowed by the darkness, the shadowy figure was gone. Grahame's left eyebrow twitched and rather vigorously, he rubbed it to subdue the twitching which now throbbed, normally at times like this when his left eyebrow throbbed it meant that danger was near or something that got him worked up. Grahame however had an inkling that this was the Woman in Black who was walking around the garden like a lost soul. The words as soon as she is witnessed, a child dies, preferably the child of the person whom she has been witnessed by, echoed in his mind. He felt a sudden surge of heat flow through him and course up his throat which turned to bile as he fought to keep throwing up. Arthur had seen Jennet, multiple of times by Grahame's guessing, had he any idea that Jennet was luring Joseph to his death, but in the event of saving his son, had cost him his life as well? But there was something else that now got him worked up. If he saw Jennet in the grounds just now, and if she saw him, did that mean that his unborn child that Ffion was carrying was now in danger? And was Ffion's life in danger as well? He swallowed as hard as he could to keep the dampening and fearful emotions that were rising inside him down. He moved away from the window and settled back to his bed. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame slept very little as the sun shined through the window blinding him briefly before a black ominous cloud blanketed the whole light from the suns warmth. He had no idea what time it was, only that he knew that he would be heading towards Eel Marsh house sometime during the course of the morning. Somewhere in the house he heard movement, Sam was most probably up, or his butler, he doubt it would be Elisabeth, she was most likely still knocked out by last night's events. Grahame got up, sleepy and tired, and his eyes dropped, black bags were seen under his eyes. He fought to keep his eyes open. He got dressed, made his way to the bathroom, brushed and cleaned his teeth and made his way down the grand staircase of the Daily home and heard Sam call him into the lounge. \"Morning Sam,\" Grahame said as he yawned. \"Sleep well last night?\" Sam asked. Grahame sighed. \"Not really.\" Sam smiled slightly at him. He had arranged some toast on jam for Grahame and himself and they ate in the lounge talking over what Grahame would be doing the moment he would step foot into Eel Marsh House. \"What will you do, when you get there I mean?\" Sam asked. \"I will try and make contact. Get a feel of the place. Try and understand Jennet, learn as much as I can about her before I send her into the afterlife.\" Grahame told him. \"You sound confident about this,\" Sam said as he bit into another piece of his toast. \"How hard could it be?\" Grahame asked him. Sam often wondered how difficult it would be to move a spirit onto the netherworld, even though he had no idea what a paranormal investigator did, or how they handled their job, he guessed that it wasn't going to be as easy as baking a piece of cake. As morning ticked on, Grahame finished his breakfast and packed his things ready for the journey to Eel Marsh house. Revenge of Grahame Kipps A small cart and horse was waiting for Grahame, Sam would be driving him up to Eel Marsh Harsh. He jumped onto the cart and they set off. They left Crythin Gifford behind and were on a small narrow lane shrouded by dark green trees, some with their leaves falling harmlessly to the ground. Whilst Sam directed the horse that pulled the way, Grahame was being bugged by something that Elisabeth had said the previous night about them having a son. \"Sam,\" he said, \"have you got a son?\" Sam cleared his throat before he spoke. \"I used to.\" he said drily. \"If you don't mind my asking, what happened to him?\" Grahame felt as if he had asked the wrong or rather he wished he never asked the question at all. \"He died,\" rushed Sam. \"He was very young when he was taken, very…y-young.\" his voice slowly broke. \"Jennet, I am guessing?\" Grahame said. \"No, at least, I don't think so,\" said Sam thoughtfully. Grahame raised an eyebrow to this. \"He was playing with some friends down by the beach and the tide caught them off guard. He didn't make it, obviously, but I doubt Jennet was behind it, his death I mean,\" \"I'm sorry to hear that, Sam.\" Grahame said quietly, he didn't know about this until now. Sam shook his head. \"It's okay,\" he said. \"In some way I found, closure, in Arthur when he came along, when he thought we had reunited Nathaniel with Jennet. But it was only for a brief moment when he…\" \"I understand,\" Grahame said nodding after Sam trailed off his sentence. \"Arthur was, brilliant in what he did. After I saw him place the body of Nathaniel with Jennet, we felt a sense of relief; I actually found closure, thanks to Arthur.\" Sam said. \"What about you, when you found out that Arthur died, what did you go through?\" Grahame sighed, he didn't know what to feel, he felt confused when he heard that Arthur was killed. Then during the confusion that flooded his mind, it dawned, rather slowly on him that he had lost yet another member of his family, and that he was the only one left. He had been through the process of having someone taken from before, but it happened so often, so frequent, that Grahame knew the process of when one grieved for one's death. \"I felt like I always felt, confused, sad, wanting to cry, but couldn't, then I got to grief, acceptance, and then I got…\" he took his time in answering, \"I got to crying, and then I got to moving on, well, with my family I did, but recently, I got to being, vengeful.\" he said this with such anger, that Sam shivered slightly when Grahame said this. From there on forth, they rode in silence. The path they rode on was silent also, not even the faint whistle of the wind blew, nor did the trees sway. There were no birds present either, just absolute silence. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sam wasn't kidding when he said that Jennet lived somewhere near the sea, Eel Marsh house was situated on small island surrounded by water in what to Grahame looked like a boggy marsh mixed with that of ocean water. The tide was out and small narrow road curved in a wobbly line towards the house. Grahame wondered who in their right mind would live on an island in the middle of nowhere with the ocean rolling in and out constantly. Looking at the water now, Grahame prayed that during his stay at Eel Marsh house that the whole island wouldn't flood as soon as the tide came in. \"I thought you were joking when you said that Eel Marsh house was situated by the sea,\" Grahame said as they neared the island. Sam chuckled. \"I am sorry to have disappointed you, what were you thinking, that the house was situated deep within a forest?\" \"I was expecting loads of trees yes,\" Sam smiled at him. Sam steered the horse and cart up the point where two small pillars were situated. These two pillars stood apart and if Grahame hadn't guessed yet, it looked like these two pillars that stood alone and apart from each other was missing something: a gate. The horse and cart came to a stop. They were nowhere near the house yet. But through the trees, Grahame saw a path that lead up to the house. \"That's as far as she will go, even the animals at times don't want to go anywhere near the place.\" Sam said. \"That's fine,\" Grahame said as he jumped down from the cart and pulling off his case of belongings. \"I'll walk from here.\" \"Are you sure you are going to be all right on your own?\" asked a concerned Sam. \"I'm a paranormal investigator, I should be fine, but all the same I doubt I will be myself whence the night is over.\" Sam didn't want to leave Grahame alone; he wanted to stay with him. \"I'll be fine, Sam. Go back to Elisabeth, she needs you more right now,\" Grahame told him though it was more of an order. \"Very well, I shall return during the course of early hours of the morning when the tide is out. I shall knock on the door four times.\" \"Understood,\" Grahame said. \"See you soon Sam.\" Sam nodded, clicked his tongue, the horse turned and he was away, leaving Grahame alone to face whatever lay ahead alone. Grahame took in the scenery around him. High above him, the ominous black grey cloud remained. The ground was soft with grey ashen coloured sand. The trees were damp and dismal, most still retained some greenness to them, some leafs were black and most were stripped bare of their skin, leaving behind nothing but a black spiked skeleton in its place. Grahame walked up the small narrow path that lead towards the house. The path was barely recognizable as trees and roots were slowly growing over it. He felt as if he was in a maze of trees, and he was desperate to find his way out. The path that led to the house was only a short stroll through the overgrowing trees and bushes, many of which snagged at his feet and hands, leaving not even a single scratch as his bare hands skimmed and got snagged by the branches. If he didn't know any better, it seemed even the trees and the rough ground was afraid of even tripping or cutting people in the process. The temperature as he neared the house dropped suddenly, his breath was shown as he breathed out of his mouth. Finally he broke through the barrier of trees, leaving a trail of bent branches behind him. There before him, bushes and overgrown grass grew almost to his height. It looked so much like a miniature jungle. And towering over him with such a dismal colour of grey and dark black, with brown and crumbling vines slithering like snakes as the veins wound itself around the building, was Eel Marsh House itself. Grahame looked at the house, the inside from looking at all the windows on the front of the house were pitch black. He could clearly see the cobwebs that lined the bottom half's of the windows. As his eyes scanned the windows, on the left hand side of the house in the top left window, he saw a pale outline of what resembled a pale ghostly face. It was only faint, but he could just make it out. The face faded rather slowly, as if someone was taking a step back from them window after looking out from it. Grahame smiled and guessed well enough that this was Jennet, probably spying on him. It was only then that Grahame's stomach began to pain him. Something that that drunk and horrible looking man had said to him back in the Inn about Jennet killing a child as soon as she was witnessed began to pray fear upon his mind. Grahame felt an increase of worry, not for himself, but for Ffion and his unborn child if Jennet ever made her way anywhere near Ffion. Time to get moving, Grahame thought to himself, he had to avenge Arthur, and he had to save all the children of Crythin Gifford and its townsfolk and Ffion if she was now in danger from Jennet. It all rested upon him now. It was now or never. Time seemed to slow for him as he walked towards the steps that lead up to the double wooden doors that were black and rotting. He found himself standing at the steps of Eel Marsh house without any recollection of having walked past the overgrown front lawn. The steps were cracked, and the instant his foot stood on the first step, he heard the step crackle like pebbles under his feet. One step at a time, he saw the front double door approach him. His heart pounded against his ribcage as each step he took was heart wrenching as he was just moments away from stepping into the same home where Arthur met his maker that had marked him down for death. His stomach now began to churn causing his innards to tingle with such trepidation added with a hint of electricity running through him. A cold temperature radiated off the double doors that stood between him and the entrance to house. The coldness struck his face with such force that it nearly threw him off his feet and toppled down the steps behind him. Slowly his hand reached for the golden brass knob. A tingly sensation jumped from the brass knob to the palm of his hand where yanked his hand back. \"Damn static electricity!\" Grahame mumbled to himself. He grabbed held of the brass door knob tightly and twisted the knob to its right, the door was unlocked, most likely it was never locked not since Arthur was here last. The amount of anxiety that was now flooding Grahame was too much to bare, gently he pushed the door open and a waft of stale air plummeted his face where he coughed and spat to the side. As the door finished its journey from the slight push that Grahame gave it, staring back at him, faint shadowy shapes were seen inside, and slowly, he allowed his feet to take him into the lair of Jennets home. A/N: Shorter than the last few chapters I have written I have to admit. Anyway, meet me back here after the holidays where Chapter 6 will be waiting for you and more, keep an eye on my update section on my profile page for news on my stories. Until then, reviews would be nice. Hope you all have a Happy Christmas and Happy New Year. See you in 2013. SoulVirus[Chapter 7] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I am back, I said I would be, I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and great New Year's Eve and Day, I sure did, got The Woman in Black on DVD and I am using it as guidance to help me in this story of mine. Well 2013 is here, brand new and waiting for us to explore it. Anyway, I was planning on uploading this chapter last night, but I thought I'd let you all enjoy New Year's Day first before getting back into the story. So here is Chapter 6. In Response: To Anera527 , I suppose Grahame does have a bit of darkness in him, something my subconcious must have wirtten for me I suppose, well done on picking that up. To Ladyluly , if you are scared for Ffion and the unborn baby, well, all I am saying is keep an eye on Grahame in Chapter 7, it might make sense to you when you read it. Also thank you to DracoWolf316 for adding this story to his Favorite and Alerts, thanks a million. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 6 The door creaked opened and Grahame stepped over the threshold into the dark, dusty and frail home of Eel Marsh House. The entrance hall he stood in was not at all welcoming. His eyes played tricks in the dim darkness as shapes from within the shadows took many forms. Grahame sighed and coughed as the stale air that remained in this house robbed him slightly of the oxygen that he breathed. He left the front door open to let the air waft in from outside. Two black and dusty chandeliers hang in the entrance hall, and grim looking picture frames were hung along the side of the wall where the stairs were situated. Furniture and other assortments of antiques were covered over by yellow sheets. Dust and cobwebs seemed to cling to wherever Grahame's brown eyes settled on. With his back turned, a sudden slam caused Grahame to jump, he span and saw that the doors to the front of the house had slammed shut. He walked over to them and pulled them open again. The instant he opened them, the doors slammed shut again on their own accord. Grahame frowned and for the third time he opened the doors. As he opened them he was met by a black mass that hovered in front of him on the doorstep. \"Hello,\" he said to it. His hand automatically reached out to touch it. The mass settled over his hand covering it in its blackness. His hand felt stone cold, and it pained Grahame, it felt as if his hand had been pried off of him. He tried to pull his hand back out from the black mass. He tried pulling his hand out from the mass again. Something was wrong. His hand was stuck inside the mass. This was new to him. To him, it reminded him of that time he got his hand stuck in a hole and he had to yank his hand pretty hard which tore off most of his skin in the process to get it out. It took a full week almost for his hand to heal, and this was what it felt like as his hand was now stuck inside the black mass that just stood hovering there before him. He tugged on his own hand more, using his free hand for support. A surge of electricity surged through his veins that ran up and into his heart. Whatever happened after that was blurred. He found himself halfway from the entrance of the door which was left open, the black mass now gone. Grahame struggled to get up. As he got up he noticed smoke was coming from underneath him. It was only when he got up and checked himself out to make sure that no bones were broken that he noticed his hand which was in the black mass was smoking with white smoke, almost as if steam was seeping through his skin. Grahame took one look at the door. Was that Jennet? He thought to himself. Did he just meet the Woman in Black? Whatever it was, Grahame straightened himself out, closed the doors and began to ready himself for a rather unexpected night. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The house must have been spectacular during its prime, but now the furniture, the chandeliers, the china, the chairs, anything that wasn't covered, was slowly gathering dust and cobwebs and rotting away as time eat at anything it could touch. He moved from room to room, inspecting everything around him. He started with the study. Papers were lying on the table all scattered around the place in one gigantic pile of mess. He gently picked up a letter clipping from some kind of article. Scribbled onto the paper in red ink in web like writing were the words, Rot in hell , God protect me and other words that he could not make out. Psst! Grahame looked over his shoulder and at the open door, he was expecting to see someone standing there, he could have sworn that someone had tried to get his attention, but he must have imagined it. He turned to look back at the table and rummaged through the papers on the desk in front of him. A shadow crossed his path. He looked up and saw just briefly through the window that shined in grey dark light of someone passing the window. He just caught a glimpse. He walked towards the widow, opened it and popped his head outside. \"Hello!\" he called. No one answered him. He pulled his head back in and closed the window. SMASH! Grahame turned suddenly. He raced back to the window, opened the window and stuck his head outside again. There at the base of the window, smashed with earth sprawled over the place was a flowerpot, or what would have been a flowerpot with a dead blackened flower lying on the floor with no life teeming through it. Grahame looked up the side of the house. He pulled his head back into the study, locked the window and made a mental note of not going anywhere near or to open the window again. Psst! He heard it again; someone was in the house with him, at least not that far away from the room by his judgment. He walked back to the door and into the main hall where he was met with the many pictures and the two chandeliers that hung from the ceiling. He looked around the main hall for any signs of life: nothing there. Grahame listened to the silence that seemed to spook him but not enough to scare him. \"Haunting me already, Jennet?\" he asked himself, he got no reply. He decided to leave the entrance hall, but he stopped before his mind picked up on something that his eyes deceived him of seeing. He took yet another good look at the entrance hall, something was wrong, something was off, though he couldn't quiet put his finger on it. It couldn't have been that important, but then again, it was most likely his imagination, but one thing was for certain, his eyes were drawn towards the two doors of the house entrance. Why he had no idea. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The kitchen in Grahame's view was brutal when he saw the remains of what looked like a dead pig hanging upside down from a rusted crooked bent nail. The kitchen stunk and several flies flew around the place. All sorts of knives were hanging from hooks, if he didn't know any better, he had a funny feeling that Eel Marsh House belonged to a butchers. Maybe it did at one point, he didn't exactly know the history of Eel Marsh House for certain, just about what happened here. Grahame looked around and even opened a few cupboards; he knew there was going to be nothing in them, but he was at times nosy and could not resist a little peep at something that is of interest to him. As he browsed something thudded behind him, the mixture sound of a clatter and shatter of glass rang through his ears. He span around waving his hand hoping to catch someone off guard. No one was around, just him. There on the ground, perfectly stuck into the tiled floor was a butcher's knife, the kind that looked like an axe. Grahame raised his foot and saw a mark on the heel of his black shoe. He bent down and plucked the butchers knife from the tile and examined it. His mind pieced together what had happened. Someone or something had tried to do away with him, but something prevented that from happening, or whatever tried to hack him off had a lousy aim. Grahame realized he was standing in a trap. The whole kitchen was teeming with dangerous sharp pointy objects that Grahame had to get out quickly. Luckily nothing else seemed to happen as he exited the kitchen. He did however make a quick and mental note of keeping away from the kitchen and not to go back in there again, unless it was for a perfectly good reason. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame waked back into the entrance hall which looked brighter. But yet again, there was something odd about the entrance hall, there was something off about the place, and it was bugging him, it felt as if the answer was dangling in his face and he was just too blind or stupid to even reach out and grab it. As he tried to figure out what this was, his mind was occupied on something that he held in his hand. He still clutched the butchers axe in his hand in which he dropped it to the floor rather suddenly, he thought he had put it down, clearly he didn't. He picked up and placed it to one side on a table that was placed just by the stairs. His eyes then panned upwards to the upper level of the home. He was drawn to the upstairs and wanted to see if there was anything up there that was worth looking at. He sighed and walked up the stairs a step at the time. As he walked up the black and dusty stairs he heard the thudding sound of what sounded like someone hammering. Rolling past him and down the stairs was a small solid ball which skipped and bounced on the stairs before rolling to a halt. His brown eyes followed its movement right to the very end. He frowned at this. Not what I would call a haunting, Jennet. He thought to himself. He turned to carry on walking up the stairs. Before him, floating down, pale face, eyes with evil that not even the devil could best, and a shriek that sounded like a wailing banshee, Grahame fell backwards back down the stairs, he was halfway up the stairs before he felt a hot searing pain run across the back of his head. The shrieking continued for some time before he remembered it fading and himself drifting into consciousness filled with nothing but blackness. A/N: Short chapter here, chapter 7 will be slightly longer, just to let you know. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus.[Chapter 8] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I have set a deadline for myself to write out as many chapters of my story by the end of the week and upload a chapter ever Saturday or maybe Sunday, well, will try my hardest, starting tomorrow. In Response: To Anera527 , I am glad you find the previous chapter freaky, it is about to get more freaky as we go on. To Ladyluly thanks to your review as always, and I suppose the kitchen scene was pretty ominous, I had no idea why I put it in, my subconciousness must seeping through again, I seem to be doing that a lot lately. And now onto chapter 7.. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 7 It was happening again, as always it started with darkness followed as usual with the white smoke. Then the voices came, but this time there were more of them than he remembered. \" Get some buckets o' water!\" someone shouted over the mass of voices. Further up in the darkness, that dim bright light flickered, except this time it got brighter. The nearer it got, the more Grahame saw that it was a small flame just burning away freely. \" Callie! Callie. \" a woman shrieked. \" There are people left in the house, get someone in there and get them out! \" someone shouted. \" Mummy, help! \" a girl's terrified cry called out. The flickering flame grew before Grahame knew that it was more than a flickering flame that was just burning freely of its own accord. \" It's going to collapse at any moment, \" someone else warned. \" Callie, get out! \" \" Mummy, we're trapped! \" The sound of rubble clattered loudly in the darkness and the constant shriek of the two people whom were calling out to each other screamed like banshees in fear. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Had it not been for the searing pain in the back of his head, he most likely would not have woken up at all. His eyes opened and darkness with the faint light of moonlight shined through the window. Night had fallen. Painfully he got up, clutching the back of his head as the hot stinging pain remained. Even rubbing his head, hoping to sooth and ease the pain didn't help him at all. He got up and his hand slid on something metal, he had a good idea what this was, slowly he turned his head to the side to see the butches axe that was nestled by his side. He could have sworn that he placed the axe on a table just moments before he climbed the stair and got knocked back, so why was the axe by his hand? Did he regain consciousness and blacked out briefly? Or had it slid off the side of the table and came to rest by his hand? Or was it due to something else. Whatever it was, he picked up the axe and threw it back towards the door to the kitchen. Achingly he got up, looked up the stairs to where he fell down. He saw in the corner the small solid ball that had rolled down the stairwell, before a grisly looking face raced at him causing him to fall backwards. That had to be Jennet. Grahame did say to Sam that he was going to make contact with her, but this was not what he had in mind. Was she trying to kill him? She didn't even know him. He panned his head up to the length of the stairs and along the balcony of upstairs. Something had hit Grahame, if he didn't know any better; it almost looked as if Jennet was preventing Grahame from venturing upstairs. But he was determined to have a peep around up there anyway. Grahame climbed the stairs, and this time, nothing happened. It seemed almost like a lifetime to him as he climbed the stairs. He knew that Arthur spent a night or two in this house, he wondered what he must felt as he was traversing this house: Scared, most likely he was, determined, maybe not, but Grahame was. Grahame was not exactly scared as such, or afraid, but he was cautious. Even though this was his first Paranormal Investigation and haunting, his mind told him he was doing incredibly well. But now time was running out, he had no idea how long he had remained unconscious for, he had no idea what time it was. How long was it before Sam would arrive back to Eel Marsh and pick him up? But he had to move on as quick as he could, hopefully he could get rid of Jennet tonight, which would be wonderful for him, that way he could get back to his wife, and bask in her arms. What seemed like months, maybe years, Grahame found that he was standing and staring down the length of the long corridor. He had no recollection of him walking up the stairs at all. That seemed to happen a lot to him; he couldn't seem to remember doing anything at all before realizing he was somewhere where he wouldn't expect to be. He wondered if he was losing his memory. Behind Grahame, his mind had forced him to not look back. Situated right by the edge of the stairs, an ominous black darkness clung to a corner, shrouding it completely with darkness, he could not see anything at all, he was not sure if there was a wall or a door that seemed to live within this darkness which clung so desperately to whatever it was that was inside the darkness itself. Grahame then averted his attention to the far side of the long landing he stood on. He did not like the blackness that was standing behind him. He stared down the length of the landing, which was surprisingly brighter in the darkness what with the light of the moon shining through the windows. Along the sides of the walls were a few cabinets and picture frames, dust and cobwebs lined nearly every single length of the walls. There were a few black doors that lead into other rooms: bedrooms at Grahame's guess what else? As he looked and expected the length of the landing, at the far end of the long landing was yet another black door, which seemed to pry his brown eyes towards it. Grahame walked the length of the landing, and the door was growing in size, but his eyes were playing tricks on him. As he neared, he heard what sounded like faint dance music from a musical box playing, so melodic and calm. It was coming from the room that Grahame's eyes were set on. As he approached the door, placed his hand on the doorknob and… It was locked. This must have been the only door in the house that was locked. He rattled the door a little, hoping it was just stuck, but it never gave. He sighed in defeat. He placed his ear to the door. He could still hear the melodic tune from inside. He rattled at the door once more. It soon became quiet and the melodic tune from inside the room stopped all rather suddenly. When he realized that the door was not going to open, he gave up and resumed his search of looking through other rooms. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The rest of the house was quiet, Jennet hadn't yet made another appearance, and as the night dwindled on, Grahame was growing somewhat impatient. He sat in the messy study looking through the letters that Jennet had written to her sister Alice. She must really have hated her sister, there was so much hate and anger in the letters that she wrote to her sister. At first the letters started out neat and tidy, but got even more spidery like as he carried on writing. Moreover Grahame still couldn't understand why Jennet was killing children and not taking her anger out on Alice. The ache in the back of Grahame's head began to itch the more he began to ponder on why Jennet resumed killing children. That was just one out of many things that Grahame still had trouble understanding about Jennet, it could be jealousy or maybe it was something else entirely. Whatever the reason, Grahame was going to find out sooner rather than later. He decided to rest his eyes a little, the pain in the back of his head subsided somewhat. As he closed his eyes and dosed, faint tapping was heard, but he ignored this. A clatter of what sounded like a door being forced open startled him causing him to nearly fall of the chair he sat in. He grabbed hold of the table in front of himself to steady himself from toppling over. Grahame stood up and accidently knocked a few letters onto the floor. He bent down to pick them up. As he picked them up, he got the feeling that someone was looking at him. Grahame turned and saw peeping her head around the corner, staring at him with those evil grey eyes and pale face, Jennet. She pulled her head away and Grahame ran after her. True to her being a spirit, she had vanished. \"Of course you would do that!\" Grahame said speaking to thin air. He walked around the whole of the entrance hall. Time for some new tactics , he thought to himself. \"Come on, Jennet!\" he said aloud. \"Hardly what I call a haunting,\" his voice cracked slightly. He was scared, that was new, he had never been scared of ghosts before, and then again he never had been to a proper haunting before. \"Put aside this futile attempt to scare me out of my wits and confront me like a…\" he treaded carefully on how to end his sentence. \"Spirit,\" he said this with such stupidity. He waited for a reply, nothing. \"I know you can hear me, Jennet, so come and talk to me,\" Grahame awaited for a reply. Again he got nothing. Time to rattle her cage , thought Grahame. \"Did you enjoy killing my cousin and his son? I bet you did?\" Jennet watched him from the darkest corner from where the pitch blackness was shrouded by the corner of the stairs. She ignored him, but listened all the same. \"Did you have a sudden thrill,\" chirped Grahame. \"Did you get high on killing him as you do when murdering other children?\" this time Grahame's voice turned to anger. \"Must have been such a rush for you, to kill children, I even wonder if there is a shed of humanity left in you, any remorse,\" Jennet continued to listen, she knew exactly what he was doing, and he was trying to get her to feel bad. \"Your behaviours have been somewhat erratic, since I stepped into Crythin Gifford, all you have done is just scare the shit out of me, as it where!\" Grahame was teeming with anger now, and that anger slowly turning to boiling acid that was about to erupt and spill over the whole house. \"You don't even know me, and yet, you are trying to…what…kill me?\" Grahame ranted on and on, but Jennet was not easily succumbed to losing her temper, she may be dead, but she was clever. The more Grahame waited, the more he felt like a fool. Jennet was playing him. Grahame shook his head. About a second later four knocks came from the front door. Sam had arrived. Was it already early hours of the morning? He walked towards the door pulled open the single front door and… \"Grahame?\" Sam said, his face illuminated slightly by the moonlight. \"Are you okay?\" Grahame stared into deep space, only now it had occurred to him what was bothering him. He looked back at the entrance hall, laughed slightly and smiled. \"What's so funny?\" Sam asked. Grahame closed the door and led Sam down the steps and faced him towards the door. \"Look at the doors?\" he said to him. Sam did as told. \"What do you see?\" \"A door.\" he said plainly. He was not entirely sure what Grahame was getting to. \"Really, how many?\" \"Just one,\" \"Well I see two,\" Grahame said to him looking back at the front double door of Eel Marsh house. It didn't take long for Sam to figure out what he was on about. \"We are seeing two completely different things?\" he asked. Grahame nodded. \"Jennet is using her spiritual influences to make us see what we want to see.\" \"She can do that?\" Sam asked as he looked back and forth from the doors to the house and Grahame. \"Apparently so,\" Grahame said looking at the house, where in one of its windows, he saw a faint glint of a woman's face. \"Let's got,\" Grahame said smiling up at where the white glint of a woman's face faded. \"What about your belongings?\" Sam asked. \"Leave them; I daresay I will be coming back to this place later on.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"That's a nasty bump.\" Sam said inspecting the back of Grahame's head. \"The swelling will go down,\" said Archer, Sam's butler. \"You need to rest.\" \"I can't rest until I have gotten rid of Jennet, and I would rather get back to Eel Marsh house and try and contact her again and put her out of her misery, or at least try,\" \"Grahame, you have not slept since you went up to Eel Marsh house which was hours ago. I would rather you at least get some rest before you continue on with your investigation.\" Sam said to him. Grahame didn't want to argue, so he complied with Sam's wishes. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Mid-afternoon arrived and Grahame had to make a quick stop to the post office in Crythin Gifford to send a telegram to his maid telling his wife he would have to spend yet at least another week in trying to get rid of Jennet. He hated the fact that he had to spend yet another week away from his pregnant wife, but he was sure Ffion would understand. He awaited her reply. Meanwhile Crythin Gifford was quiet as usual. Grahame left the village and made his way outside the boundaries of the village and along a mangled disused road that lead to a graveyard and a crumbling but still standing church. It was the same church he saw tucked away in the very corner of the countryside, the one that Sam mentioned that no one ever did use. Grahame walked around the whole church inspecting it from top to bottom. He had been meaning to come to this place the moment his eyes set sight onto it. Getting to the church was not going to be a problem. A bit of a walk, but it got his mind thinking. Walking around the whole of the church, Grahame figured that it was big enough to hold the whole of the village. He walked back around the front and saw standing, and just looking at the front door to the old church a little girl, with silk blond hair, she was wearing a pink dress, and her blue piercing eyes scanned every singled brick of the church. Grahame frowned to see her here, and without an adult, she couldn't have been more than 9 years old at the least. \"Shouldn't you be at home little one?\" Grahame asked walking up to her. \"My parents know where I am,\" the little girl said not taking her eyes off the church. \"Aren't you afraid?\" \"Of what?\" she asked. \"Don't you know the stories of Jennet?\" Grahame asked her, he tried to keep his voice as calm and kind as possible. If he was going to be a father, there was no time like the present to learn. \"Everyone knows about Jennet,\" said the little girl still keeping her gaze on the church. \"Even I know what she does.\" \"Do you now?\" The little girl nodded, and then she whispered clearly to Grahame. \"She kills children.\" \"Then shouldn't you be at home little girl,\" \"My name is Emma, and I am not a little girl,\" pouted Emma. Grahame's eyes widened in what only he could bring to except was funny. He then turned his attention back to the church. \"I followed you by the way,\" Emma said. \"Did you?\" Grahame said this not at all surprised, it was as if, deep down he knew she was going to be here at the church. \"I am surprised Jennet didn't try and–\" he cut off suddenly. \"Kill me?\" Emma said. Grahame nodded. \"I am not afraid of her; she only kills the children who are afraid,\" \"Interesting,\" Grahame said to himself. \"Most times she likes a challenge, when she comes for me; it will be difficult for her,\" Grahame pulled an amused look. This was something new for him to hear. \"So what're doing here?\" asked Grahame in one long breath. \"Thinking,\" Emma said to him. \"You?\" \"Thinking,\" Emma nodded her head once, before saying. \"What're you thinking about exactly?\" \"I am thinking,\" Grahame began saying as he walked behind Emma still looking up and the church, \"if Jennet knows the rules about: religion, evil and churches,\" \"What's the difference between the three?\" asked Emma. \"You mean you don't know?\" \"I'm not religious and I am not a ghost hunter like you,\" Emma said in a rude way. Grahame chuckled at her. Such a pretty thing she was. He knelt to her level. \"This church, if I can persuade at least a few people, to hold themselves up here, maybe Jennet will keep herself at bay,\" \"What?\" Emma asked, she didn't fully understand. \"I am going to see if this church can help keep Jennet to stay away from the children of Crythin Gifford.\" Grahame said getting back up. \"Let's go.\" Revenge of Graham Kipps Grahame had spread the word that the best and possible chance of keeping Jennet at bay was the church, though some parents were a tad on edge and hesitant at what a church was going to do to stop Jennet from taking their children. \"Would you rather spend the rest of your lives in fear that your children will never set foot out of your homes ever again while Jennet is still at large?\" Grahame told the massing large crowd that had formed a circle, trapping Grahame in the middle of it, just like last time. \"What good would a church do us?\" called one of the villagers. \"Not the church, religion.\" Grahame said. \"It is true to the beliefs of few paranormal investigators that spirits, no matter how evil they are, cannot go anywhere near a religious or holy order or building,\" \"That is but load of superstitious nonsense!\" called one of the many villagers. \"Is Jennet a superstitious nonsense?\" Grahame called out to person who spoken. \"Is the way your children that have been dying superstitious? You all practically begged for me to get rid of Jennet, to save your children, well now I am offering a chance for you all, to at least, consider my option, take it, so that you may at least have a chance to keep your young ones alive a little longer.\" Grahame told them. Silence formed, and then a few mutterings rose. \"Or if you'd rather, take your children home, lock them up, and just pray that Jennet won't find them, which, I believe she will.\" Again more silence. It took some time before the fearful and shaken faces of the villagers came to an agreement before one man said. \"What do we need to do?\" A/N: A slightly longer chapter here. Well, I shall see you on either Sat or Sun. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus.[Chapter 9] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: As promised I did say I would upload a chapter of my Woman in Black story either every Saturday or Sunday depending on how I feel. So here we are with chapter 8. It may be short but I hope you like it. In Response: A big shout out to LadyLuly for her massive review, I am glad you like the touch with the music box in the last chapter, again my sub-consciousness was the reason behind that being in there. All the same thanks for the review. And I am feeling rather sad that Anera527 has not reviewed chapter 7 yet, you are probably busy but I miss your reviews Anyway enough of my ranting, on with the story… The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 8 Grahame had received a reply from Ffion via telegram telling him that she understood why he had to stay longer, Sofia on the other hand – his maid – was less pleased and said that she will give him an ear battering when he returns for leaving his pregnant wife in her care. Grahame rolled his eyes at the response he got from Sofia's reaction for him staying in Crythin Gifford for just a bit longer. Time was speeding up for Grahame, no more than three days almost had passed. And his fourth day was just beginning. Grahame quickly made a stop back to Eel Marsh house to pick up a few things, mostly his belongings which he left there due to his first nights haunting, which to him was rather bizarre; he also collected a few documents that were scattered around the house. He left just in time before Jennet appeared to him again. He would be going back up there later again tonight, after everyone made their way to the church. Grahame was so certain that the church was the answer to stopping Jennet, or at least, preventing her to lay hands on the children, it was a long shot, and it might not possibly work. Even as a Paranormal Investigator risks were sadly part of the job. Grahame sat at the table of the Daily's in the main dining area reading through the birth and death certificates of Jennet, her sister Alice and Nathaniel – Jennet's son. Nathaniel's death must have been brutal. He wondered if Alice and her husband even did try and help Nathaniel from drowning the marsh. Jennet on the other hand was something more complex for Grahame to work out, she hated her sister for taking Nathaniel away from her, but yet she still kills children, which Grahame was sure was due to jealousy, he however had a hard time excepting that she was killing children out of revenge. Another thing that seemed to make it difficult for him to understand was why Jennet never stopped when Arthur reunited Nathaniel's body with Jennets. \"Did she ever love Nathaniel?\" Grahame asked whilst he sat down at one end of the table, Sam on the other end watching him work. \"You said Arthur had placed Nathaniel's body with Jennet's in the grave,\" Sam nodded. \"Then why didn't it work?\" Grahame pondered. Sam watched him as he strayed into thought. \"If Jennet really did love her son, then the bond should have been…\" Grahame didn't finish his sentence, and left it hanging in the air. Sam got that sinking feeling that Grahame knew something about Nathaniel and Jennet. Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"It seemed you were onto something back up at the house,\" Sam said as they both walked towards the village. \"What was it?\" Grahame smirked, but out in the open, he didn't want to risk saying out loud what he learnt. He never knew Jennet could be nearby hearing them talk. So Grahame kept his voice low as so only Sam could hear him. \"You told me that Arthur had placed Nathaniel's body into the grave with Jennet soon after he fished him out of the marsh am I right?\" Sam nodded his head. \"Arthur's mind was in the right place to reunite Nathaniel's body with Jennets. So ask yourself this, if Nathaniel's body and Jennets had been reunited, why didn't she stop killing?\" Sam remained silent; he had no answer to his question. Grahame however answered his own question. \"Unless she never really loved Nathaniel,\" Sam pulled a sour look. \"No, Jennet loved her child,\" \"A bond between mother and child is far more powerful than anyone can imagine. I have looked over and over all the certificates between Jennet and Nathaniel, even the letters that Jennet gave to her sister when Alice Drablow took Nathaniel away from Jennet in the first place. I think Nathaniel thought that Alice was her mother and not Jennet, the bond between Alice and Nathaniel was more motherly than Jennets.\" \"Alice and Nathaniel? No!\" Sam asked in disbelief. \"Jennet and Nathaniel were growing closure together when they were around each other; I told you that on the train,\" \"That you did Sam, but think about, reuniting Nathaniel's body with Jennet's should have worked . So why didn't it?\" again Sam didn't reply. \"Goes with question of did Jennet really love her own son which Alice had taken from her.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps The moment Sam and Grahame walked into the village, an outburst of cries and shouts caught their attention. At the inn of the Gifford Arms, villagers were crowded around the entrance calling over one another. \"What's going on?\" Grahame asked as he approached the crowd. \"Good God! \" Sam said his hand reaching and covering his mouth. He was looking upwards. Grahame panned his head into the direction of where the whole crowd was looking at. There on top of the roof of the Gifford Arms, was a young 10 year old girl who wore a white dress. She looked as if she was in a trance, staring out into the distance. \" Polly! \" Grahame heard a man and woman call. \"Polly, stay right there sweetheart!\" the man whom Grahame knew had to be the father, ran towards the entrance. The girl, known as Polly walked to the edge of the roof, and… Everyone gasped. The eyes of the crowd followed her descent. Sam turned away. THWACK! The sound of many bones crunching and cracking was heard as Polly struck the ground. A shriek came from mother and the father stopped turned and saw his daughter lying on the floor blood spreading into a pool from the back of her head. \" Polly! No! \" the father screamed in a shrill as he ran up to his daughter and picked her up in his arms. The mother came over and gripped her daughter's hand. Together the two of them cried and carried their daughter's body off away from the crowd. The crowd themselves just watched in dismay at what had just transpired. Grahame looked back at the spot where the young girl had landed. He saw her body fall and impact the ground. The patch of blood still remained. He turned to look up at the place where the girl jumped or rather walked from. There up on the roof, was that black mass that hovered for a few moments and then faded. Grahame's eyes narrowed and his mind began piecing together what that black mass was. A smile appeared on his face. \"Clever,\" he said. Revenge of Grahame Kipps It wasn't long after before it dawned on Grahame that the young girls' death or apparent suicide might have been his fault. He had heard it from Sam himself that once Jennet is witnessed a child dies. Grahame had seen Jennet, a few times now; did that mean that more children were going to die because he saw her quite a few times? If so, then that meant everything was on him. It was starting to eat away at him that he was the likely cause of that young girl's death. Grahame stood looking out of the window in the lounge area of Sam's home, his eyes concentrating on nothing in particular. It began to drizzle slightly, and faint spots of droplets struck the window in which Grahame looked out of \"Everyone is making their way to the church,\" Sam said as he came into the room and saw Grahame just staring out of the window. \"Thanks Sam.\" Grahame muttered. \"Are you okay?\" Sam asked walking up behind him and placing a hand on his shoulder. \"I don't know,\" Grahame replied before his brown eyes settled on Sam's hazel-green eyes. \"I think I may have killed that girl, Polly.\" Sam remained silent, allowing Grahame to continue with his talk. \"You told me, that, whoever Jennet is witnessed by, a child dies. I have seen Jennet a few times when I was up at the house, and I think I may have killed that poor girl.\" his eyes were spreading with panic and guilt. \"Grahame,\" Sam said leading him away from the window and setting him down in a chair. \"You can't pin this on yourself, what happened, happened. This is not your fault, this is Jennet's fault and it will always be her fault.\" Grahame looked up at Sam. Was it really her fault? Did Jennet show herself just so that she could just kill children for the sake of things? Was this really her way of making others feel bad about themselves? Whatever the case, it did not help Grahame at all into thinking that he may have caused that poor girls death. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame and Sam watched as the whole village walked into the church with their children nestled safely by their sides looking afraid as the gloomy church showed no comfort to them. It had begun to rain harder, and faint flashes of lightening in the sky popped up here and there. Most residents had taken to Grahame's option of spending a night in the church; those who had already lost their children decided it was not worth coming. \"Are you sure this is going to work?\" Sam asked Grahame. Grahame didn't know how to answer his question. In truth he was not sure if this was going to work, he was just going by assumption on what he knew. He remembered reading at one point that ghosts or spirits were partial to the laws of religion. The only question remained: would the church keep Jennet at bay? \"I hope so, it's an awful long shot, but I have to risk it, one of the many reasons on being a paranormal investigator is to risk things. I may not like it when it comes to risking things, but it has to be done either way.\" The last of the residents filed their way into the church. \"Stay here until morning, or at least until I have gotten rid of Jennet.\" he said to the village folk. He bid them farewell and closed the massive oak doors to the church. The doors locked from inside. Before he left, Grahame etched into the wooden doors with a knife the Christian cross on both doors. \"I hope this sign will keep her out,\" \"That's if she makes her way here that is.\" Sam said. Together the two of them made their way back up the mangled path and away from the church. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Along the way up the mangled path that lead to the church and back to Crythin Gifford, Grahame could have sworn that something was following him and Sam. He kept looking back behind him expecting to see someone following in his wake. \"I hope you don't mind if I tag along this time with you up at the house?\" Sam asked. \"Sorry?\" Grahame asked. Sam looked at him curiously. \"Are you okay, Grahame? Only you seem concerned with looking back at the path we have been walking down,\" \"I am okay, I am just–\" Grahame stopped talking in midsentence before turning back to Sam and asking him to repeat what he had just said to him previously. \"Oh, sure if you want, but what about Elisabeth, won't she need you for assistance?\" \"Oh, don't worry about her, I have asked Archer to keep an eye on her for the time being whilst I am away.\" Sam explained. \"Well in that case, let's get going, but not before I sort out this one little problem.\" Grahame said turning away from Sam and facing the nearest low wall. \"Come on out Emma, I know you are there.\" The young girl Emma – still in her pink dress – popped up from behind the low wall and walked out from the gate, looking somewhat defeated that she had been caught by Grahame. \"How did you know I was there?\" she asked. \"Gut instinct.\" said Grahame plainly. \"Who's this?\" Sam asked Grahame looked somewhat disturbed at the sight of there being a child out and about in the open. \"Just a little someone whom I met recently,\" Grahame merely said. \"We should get her back to the church; her parents are probably going out of their mind,\" Sam said. Grahame looked at the girl; there was something about her that he had difficulty trying to shake. He looked her up and down. She seemed somewhat filthy, then again everyone else in the town was slightly filthy, everyone apart from Sam who was smart looking. Emma as Grahame noticed before was wearing the same pink dress that he saw her in before. And even when Sam mentioned 'Parents' she didn't seem that fussed on hearing the name at all. \"Do you have any parents?\" Grahame asked her. Emma said nothing, her vacant expression was just empty and void. Grahame guessed as much that she had no parents; this made him feel sorry for her. \"She will have to come with us,\" Grahame said. \"Pardon?\" asked Sam. \"Well we can't leave her here , not while Jennet could be around,\" \" I can take care of myself,\" Emma pointed out. \"I don't doubt it if you can take care of yourself or not, but taking care of yourself when Jennet has control of yourself, not bloody likely.\" Grahame said. \"I told you,\" Emma began. \"Jennet will come for when she is ready, like I said before, I will be tough to take control of because I always fight and resist her.\" \"You sound as if this has happened to you before,\" Sam said eyeing the little girl. \"Jennet has tried numerous amounts of time to get at me, but she never can.\" Grahame frowned at her little. \"Why?\" he asked which caused Emma to simply just look at him dully. \"Why is Jennet having a hard time trying to kill you?\" \" I told you ,\" she said irritably. \"I fight against her, I resist–\" \"No,\" Grahame managed to cut the girl off. \"No, Jennet, in the short time I have known her, does not give up so easily. There must be a reason why she is avoiding you. Maybe I can figure that out on the way back up to the house, you are coming with us.\" \"Are you sure this is wise, Grahame?\" Sam asked concerned. \"No,\" admitted Grahame. \"But a lot of things have not made sense since I have entered Crythin Gifford. Why is Jennet already taking a sour tone with me? Why Jennet seems to be having a hard time to kill Emma,\" Emma threw him a look. \"Sorry. And moreover, I am still finding it hard to see why Jennet never moved on in the first place after Arthur reunited Nathaniel's body with Jennets. So I suggest we get up to house quickly and sort this out.\" A/N: Check back on Saturday or Sunday where another chapter will be waiting for you. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 10] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Here is Chapter 9, and I don't know why, but this chapter to me seems a bit rushed from when I was looking over it, but I will let you decide that. Anyhoo, I hope you enjoy it. In Response: To Anera527 it is okay about you not reviewing Chapter 7 earlier, everyone in the world have other business to go on with, we are after all only Human, but on the plus side I got two reviews from you for chapter 7 and 8, I consider that a bonus. Also thanks to LadyLuly for her massive review, and for the record, I enjoy reading your massive reviews. Brings a smile to my face. Keep 'em coming folks. And also Anera527 and LadyLuly , I enjoyed your views on who you think Emma might be, I am not giving anything away I'm afraid. So you are just going to have to wait. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 9 Sam was not entirely forthcoming with Grahame bringing a young child with him up to Eel Marsh house, who knew, this was probably what Jennet wanted just so that she could add yet another corpse to her ever body count of killing innocent children. Either way, Emma was coming along for the ride. Strangely however, Sam brought out his motor vehicle which he hadn't used since Arthur's death. A smile appeared upon Grahame's face as he saw Sam sort the car out making it more comfortable. It was raining heavier now, and Grahame – luckily – wore his thick coat which he had packed and slowly the rain was seeping through to his clothes. Emma was handed a small boy's green coat, seeing as she had no family to go to, Elisabeth handed her one of Sam's Nicolas's sons coat. It was a bit big for her to wear, but she made no complaints. Sam on the other hand wore his cream grey coat which fell past his knees. His hair was drenched. \"Right, I think she is ready,\" Sam called practically shouting through the striking rain that bounced off the hood of the vehicle and the stone pebbled floor. \"It's good to see you finally using that thing.\" Grahame shouted over the rain. \"Well, I doubt Arthur would forgive me for turning a blind eye on what happened in the past, right?\" Sam called over to him. \"No,\" Grahame replied. \"I don't think he would. But we all have to move on, well, if only the same could be said for Jennet.\" Sam had prepared the car to its finest, gave it the once over and ordered them to jump in. Emma on the other hand had to sit on Grahame's lap whilst Sam drove through the darkness and up towards Eel Marsh House. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The ride up in Sam's automobile to Eel Marsh House was bumpy and not at all very comfortable. The road seemed a lot more comfortable on Horse and cart. \"What's the difference between Ghosts and Spirits exactly, Grahame?\" Sam asked Grahame trying to get his nerves off of his rough driving. \"What do you…ouch…mean?\" Grahame said rubbing his head after it collided with the roof of Sam's car. \"Well is there a difference between Ghost and Spirit in general, I mean can you tell the difference?\" \"I would have thought that you knew that by now Sam.\" Grahame said. \"Enlighten me,\" said Sam. Grahame sighed. \"A Ghost is someone who cannot leave the human world for some reason, they might have something left to do in the world of the living that they need to accomplish before they move onto the netherworld, or maybe they cannot accept to move forward because of something that may have happened to them in life, for example: get revenge on the girl of their dreams for not falling in love with them or giving them a second chance at a relationship or maybe there is some unfinished business with a firm that needs to be taken down a peg or two, normally it has something to do with their connection to earth. Jennet on the other, she is using her grief and anger from passing over, she wants people to be miserable, she wants everyone to feel the pain she went through when she lost Nathaniel.\" \"And spirits?\" \"Spirits are pretty straight forward. They move from this world into the netherworld, meaning they have learnt from their experience in the world of the living and have had the right to move onto the netherworld, at most times most paranormal investigators also believe that Spirits have the right to pass from the netherworld back into the world of the living as many times as they want.\" Sam was impressed by Grahame's teaching. He explained it in such a way that Sam actually understood it. Grahame could teach a whole class at a university if ever he had the chance. \"And what would you class Jennet, a Spirit or Ghost?\" asked Sam. Grahame took his time to answer. In all honesty he was not entirely sure what Jennet was. \"I would say she was more of a Ghost than anything else, I doubt she is a Spirit, if she was a Spirit she would have left the living world already with Nathaniel in hand.\" he had just answered his own question on what he thought Jennet was. Clearly she was a Ghost, but others in Crythin Gifford called her a scorned Spirit. \"You seem to have a lot of knowledge of the Afterlife Grahame.\" Sam said. Graham smiled lightly. \"No,\" he said shaking his head. \"I only know the basic of the Afterlife; no one actually knows what the Afterlife hold exactly. Must be one of the reasons why Jennet won't move on, she must be scared of moving on. Then again we mustn't jump to conclusion that what we are going up against is actually Jennet's Ghost,\" Sam pulled a confused look. \"What do you mean?\" \"Well, it has been widely speculated that no one fully knows what a Ghost or Spirit is. We could merely be looking at some sort of projection, a refraction of light imprinted on something, or we could just be fighting a malevolent force left behind by Jennet.\" \"What's the difference?\" Sam asked not entirely following Grahame's deductions. \"I am saying we may not be fighting Jennet, but rather something was left behind in her wake, an energy force if you will, we don't know. Whatever Jennet is, Ghost or not, we have to stop her.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"Do you like chasing Ghosts?\" Emma asked over the patter of the rain as it bounced off the car like miniature comets. \"Do I like chasing Ghosts?\" Grahame asked her. \"Yes, do you like chasing Ghosts?\" she asked again. \"Well,\" Grahame said thinking carefully on how he was going to reply to this question. \"I find the topic of finding out proof about Spirits and Ghosts to be somewhat of a challenge,\" he said to Emma. \"It all started when I was 4 years of age going on 5. My Grandmother told me when I was young 'I will always look over you'. It was these words that fuelled my imagination into what happens after we die. I suppose come to think if it now, that my Grandmother gave me a life to look out for, a dream to live by, to find out as much and understand as much about the Paranormal world as possible.\" Emma listened attentively to what to her sounded like a story. \"My family was, well, they thought I was just on a wild goose chase. Seemingly just trying to come to terms with my Grandmother's death, but it was more than that. My Grandmother gave me the life I wanted. I was very close to my Grandmother, she died when I was just 10 years old, but those words she told me, never left me, and don't think they will.\" Faint tears appeared in Grahame's eyes, in which he rubbed them from his eyes before Sam or Emma could spot them. He decided to end the conversation there, the past was too much for him to bare, it would always have the tendency to return to him and cause him pain. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The marshlands were void of water, except for the black, stinking boggy marsh that remained. Even as it rained it made the whole marshland look even more deadly. Thunder cracked through the skies as they came up to edge of the House's foundation. The all jumped out, wearing their coats, which became instantly drenched. \"I hope the tide stays out whilst we are here,\" Sam said closing the door to his automobile. \"I have a funny feeling that it will,\" Grahame said to him. \"What makes you say that?\" Sam asked as another crack of thunder roared across the night sky, \"Gut instinct.\" Grahame said using the same words as before when he knew that Emma was watching him and Sam back in the village. Emma grabbed hold of Grahame's hand like a little girl and gripped it tightly. \"Scared?\" Grahame asked. Emma shook her head. \"Why should I be?\" \"Because you are gripping my hand very tightly there,\" he pointed out. Emma swallowed, she was scared, of the scenery that was before her, but not about what she was going to face. She released her grip slightly on Grahame's hand but still held it tightly. \"Let's go.\" Grahame said to them, and he lead them through the dense and dark path that was overgrown with trees, bushes and branches that failed to snag them. \"I remember this place been slightly less creepy than the last time I came up here,\" Sam said shivering slightly from the cold rain. \"It's strange on how you remember something and it changes so drastically in such a short amount of time.\" \"I cannot comment on that,\" Grahame said. Finally they broke through the branches and bushes and emerged in front of the house, which in the rain was even more terrifying than Grahame remembered it in the dark. But with the rain running down its surface, and glowing bright white as the thunder flashed in the sky reflecting the glow, not even the thunder or the glow that bounced off the sparkling rain had any effect against its evil that was looming over the house. Grahame looked around the grounds and saw hidden in the bushes and behind the trees, the pale and zombified looks of a series of children that he saw back at the train station a few nights ago. They all looked at him with fear and concern, most of them cocked their heads to the side. Another flash of lightening and then thunder cracked the sky and they were suddenly gone. \"Sam,\" Grahame called to him. \"Did you and Arthur see any children, Ghost like children lurking in the darkness at times?\" Sam thought for a moment, he did remember seeing his son, Nicholas, briefly at the house whilst Arthur was trying to reunite Nathaniel with Jennet. He then remembered seeing the children that Jennet had killed through the many gaps in the train windows as Arthur and Joseph got ran down. His eyes scrunched together as his mind recalled when the train smacked into both Arthur and Joseph. He could never forget the horrible crunch of bones crunching and flesh squishing as Arthur and Joseph were pulled under the base of the train with its many wheels taking their time to conflict as much damage as possible on their poor and fragile bodies. He even remembered seeing Jennet briefly screeching like a wailing banshee and then as the last carriages of the train passed, complete and utter silence was seen from the other side of the platform where the children and Jennet were, they had disappeared rather suddenly. \"Well, yes,\" Sam said hesitantly. \"W-why do you ask?\" \"Because I just saw them,\" Grahame said. \"I take it that not even Jennet want's the children she kills to move on either,\" he suddenly breathed heavily, that was just wrong, completely inhuman, even for a Ghost, these children, killed by Jennet's elusive and evil power was keeping the children that she killed with her, like some sort of sick trophy collection. \"I don't see any children?\" Emma said looking around in the direction of where Grahame was looking. \"It's a good thing you didn't see them,\" Grahame said. \"I suggest we get inside, I am starting to get a bit wet.\" Sam said as he made his way suddenly up to the steps and to the now singular black door of Eel Marsh House once more. Grahame followed in toe. No sooner had Grahame realized, he was back in the dark and vicious house of Eel Marsh. The first nights sudden hauntings – if he could call it that – came flooding back to him. His head suddenly panned to the upstairs landing. There was something about that door that was locked that seemed to be slowly nibbling away at him that he wanted to find out. He took yet another look around the entrance hall, which was black and dark; he could see figures that seemed to move in the darkness. \"I have some matches here somewhere,\" Sam said feeling around his coat pockets for a box of matches. \"Grahame,\" Emma said clutching tightly to his side. \"I may have made a mistake in coming along with you, I said I wasn't scare, I lied, I am scared .\" she said fearfully. Grahame could feel her trembling slightly. He got down on one knee to her eye level. \"What's your favourite colour?\" he asked her. \"W-white,\" her lip trembled slightly. \"What are you afraid of?\" \"Darkness, and spiders\" Emma said after a slight pause. \"Want to know something?\" Grahame asked her. Emma nodded immediately. \"Darkness, is nothing to be afraid of,\" \"Yes it is, there is no light,\" \"Just because there is no light, doesn't mean darkness is a bad thing,\" \"Isn't it? That is where all the bad things live, in the darkness,\" Emma shook. \"Darkness and light are one in the same thing,\" Emma pulled a confused look through the darkness, though Grahame strained but could see her. \"Basically Darkness is the absence of light, and light is the absence of darkness.\" still Emma was confused. \"Never mind, it will make sense one day. As for the spiders, just step on them.\" Grahame smiled at her. Sam struck a match and a small flame shined dimly through the darkness. Sam looked around for a candle to light. Grahame rummaged around for a candle rack that he spotted on his first night here. He fumbled through the darkness, it was only when a flash of lightening poured through the windows that Grahame found what he was looking for, brought the candle rack over to Sam and allowed him to light the candles that were on the rack. A small dimness of light illuminated and pushed back the darkness, seeing light Emma felt a slight sense of relief. Using one of the candles on the rack, Grahame picked up yet another rack and transferred the flame from the candle that he took off from Sam's and lit his own before replacing the candle he took from Sam. \"I suppose we should split up?\" Sam asked. \"If you want,\" Grahame said. \"I think it would be for the best, we could cover more ground that way,\" Sam said. \"Very good,\" \"I want to go with you?\" Emma said gripping Grahame's hand yet again. \"Okay then,\" Grahame smiled at her before turning to Sam. \"If you are in trouble, call really loudly,\" \"Understood,\" Sam nodded. Sam decided to look for things around on the ground floor, whilst Grahame – along with Emma, his hand in her hand – took off up the stairs. Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"I know I shouldn't have come,\" Emma whined in terror. \"Don't worry; I won't let anything happen to you.\" Grahame said still holding her hand. \"Really?\" asked Emma. \"Of course I won't, a brave little girl like you should be…well brave,\" Emma looked up at him as they walked down the corridor before a raspy breath came from behind them. Grahame and Emma stopped before Grahame turned to look down the other end of the long landing that they stood on. There still, was the darkness that was shrouded so blackly that Grahame doubt nothing will ever survive in there. Merging through the dense blackness came the pale face of Jennet, her face sad and she appeared to be weeping. \"Who's that?\" Emma winced as she edged back behind Grahame. \"One guess,\" Grahame said. Jennet walked out of the darkness fully, revealing her long black gothic dress. She wept more loudly and was sniffling, before unleashing a loud shriek, which cause Grahame and Emma to cover their ears. Jennet then threw open her arms, and extruding from her chest came what looked like to Grahame black smoke of some kind, but it was actually darkness which swarmed towards Emma and Grahame. Thinking fast, Grahame shielded Emma who squealed loudly in his ear. He held the candle rack he was holding out in front of him, hoping that the light would hold back the approaching darkness. After some time still shielding Emma, Grahame chanced a look back into the direction of where Jennet was standing just moments before. But everything was back to normal. \"What just happened?\" Emma asked shaking. \"I haven't…the faintest idea,\" Grahame replied as he looked up the length of the long landing before him. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The last time he saw his son was on the lower floor, and Sam was somewhat confident that he would meet his son again. He could not bare to tell Grahame that Jennet took his son, even though he had an inkling that maybe Grahame already knew that his son was taken by Jennet. He found his way to the kitchen which to him looked so barbaric; there was a rotting smell that he heard a hum of buzzing flies nearby, whatever was in the kitchen he left before he could find out. He decided to look throughout other rooms of the house. He found his way into what looked like a dining room, he had only been in the house once and only saw very little of the house he was in. The dining room was surprisingly large, a long table covered over in a white cloth as well as the chairs. A black chandelier hung over the middle of the dining room, and three long and wide windows showed the outside back yard of Eel Marsh House. He could not see the outside that well due to the darkness, but he got a fair clear view due to the flashes of lightening being made, and by the looks of it, the back yard as he would have called it, looked no different than the foundations at the front of the house. \" Daddy, \" Sam spun around to see someone lurking in the doorway before that person left. It looked like a child and it wasn't Emma. Sam left the dining room after this child. He followed this child who was covered in darkness and seemed eager to remain in the shadows and not get touched by the light that was emitting from the candle rack that Sam still carried with him. Eventually he was back where he was the first time, at the entrance hall. It was the same as per usual: dark and dusty. \" Daddy, \" the voice said again. Sam looked all around for the voice but saw no one or none thing. Sam then looked to the floor where he saw wet bare footprints of a young child's feet. He followed these footprints that lead the front door. A rattle came from the brass doorknob. Someone on the other side was trying to enter the house. The blood inside Sam began to run cold and a sudden shiver ran up his spine. Without thinking it, he automatically reached forward to grab the doorknob and opened the door. The rain and thunder blasted his ears as soon as he opened the door to find nothing there. He made carefully sure that a gust of wind did not blow out the candles. He closed the door, and thought nothing more about what happened. He turned around only to be met by that of a boy, his body covered in mud, his screams echoing through Sam's ears. Sam dropped the candle rack which caused all the candles to go out. Quickly, Sam rummaged through his coat for his box of matches, light one up and was relieved that the muddy boy was nowhere in his vicinity. Sam's heart pounded against his rib cage, his breathing was shallow, his hazel green eyes decided to scan the darkness in case anything else popped up unexpectedly. However in the corner of his eyes, he sensed a much larger figure looking at him. He turned to his side and saw with her head bowed only to raise it, Jennet. She stared at him for some time before floating towards him and screeching like a wild banshee. Sam backed away only to trip over his own two feet. The match he held went out and quickly he struck another one. Jennet had gone, vanished. He was shaken and spooked. This was completely different to when he was here the first time with Arthur; this time however was far more terrifying for him to even comprehend. He got up, straightened himself out and attempted to calm his frantic beating heart. Revenge of Grahame Kipps They had finally made their way down the full length of the dark long landing, carefully now and then looking back over their shoulders to check to make sure that nothing paranormal crept up upon them. Grahame stood in front of the black bedroom door that was locked the first time he spent at Eel Marsh. He knew the door was going to be locked, but what was to stop him from at least trying to open it again? He handed the candle rack for Emma to take hold of. Grahame then placed his hands on the doorknob and twisted the doorknob, he half expected the door to not budge, but it clicked open for him, the door was unlocked. It should have been locked; it was the first time he was here at Eel Marsh. Gently, Grahame pushed the door open. A/N: The next chapter is going to be a little creepy, will warn you about that. Anyway, see you either next Saturday or Sunday. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 11] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Nearly didn't update this week due to a bad strain in my back, though I was going to miss update date, anyway, I am back with Chapter 10, oh, and if anyone here does not like spiders, then i would reccomend you do not read this chapter, but that is up to you. Also, a confrontation is seen in this chapter between two characters, look out for that. In Response: To A nera527 thanks again for your review, I am enjoying your views on what may happen in future chapters. And to LadyLuly, again I am enjoying your views on what you think might happen in future chapters, thanks for the review. On a side not to anyone who has read my story thus far, do not feel afraid on leaving a review, I do not bite, I can take criticism as long as it is not to Over The Top. Anonymous reviews are welcome. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 10 The room was dark, but very faintly he could see and tell it was a bedroom for that of a young boy. The room was riddled with all assortments of toys, dolls and puppets even. \"I don't like this room,\" Emma said grimacing with a sour look. \"Just stay close, and don't let go of my hand.\" Grahame said. They edged further into the room and stopped smack in the middle. There was bed laid against the side wall, it was empty and it looked undisturbed. The room had one large window, and by the window was a black rocking chair. Grahame ran his hands over the rocking chair; the hair on the back of his hands tingled and stuck up on end. On the wall opposite him, Grahame noticed that a stretch of wall paper had been removed, but it was what was on the wall that caught his attention. Written in red blood, almost ink like were the words ' You could have saved him '. Grahame walked up to the wall and traced his hands over the writing. It was still fresh and wet. He smelt the blood which had a copper and salty smell to it. Grahame had guessed clearly that this was most likely Jennets blood. She must have written this out as a plain message before she killed herself. Emma suddenly shrieked. Grahame spun around and saw flaying from side to side, Jennet's body of where she hung herself. Emma buried her face into Grahame's side. \"I heard the crunch from where Jennet's neck snapped.\" she whimpered. Grahame soothed her. \"It's okay,\" he said to her. Grahame took the candle rack off of Emma and edged closely to the hanging body that was Jennet, or what looked like Jennet. Grahame swished his free hand through Jennet's hanging body. \"Not real,\" he said to Emma. \"Just a projection of some sort, probably Jennet's idea of scaring us, which means she is probably here with us,\" Grahame deduced. Emma kept her face hidden. \" Come out, come out, wherever you are, \" sang Grahame. Nothing happened. With his back turned and Emma still burying her face into Grahame's side, Grahame noticed instantly that the hanging body of Jennet had gone. \"You can look again now,\" he said to Emma. Shyly, Emma looked back at the window, which was body free. Grahame then went to window and looked outside, it was still raining but the thunder and lightning seemed to subside briefly, save for a few rogue flashes here and there. Grahame could feel Emma shaking. \"Let's leave this room,\" he said to her. And together they both left. They had not yet entirely crossed the threshold when Grahame heard a raspy breathing coming from the darkened area at the far side of the landing, through the darkness, Jennet emerged yet again. Grahame watched her as she stood in front of the enshrouding darkness that was behind her. She raised her hand and pointed it at Grahame, but she wasn't pointing it at him exactly more than behind him, at Emma. Emma watched Jennet; she was still in the bedroom when the door suddenly flew closed in front of her on its own accord causing her to scream. She grabbed hold of the doorknob trying to open the door, but it wouldn't budge. \"Open the door!\" she panicked. \"Open the door!\" \"It's not closed,\" Grahame told her. \"Open the door, open it! \" she squealed. Grahame looked back at Jennet who was still pointing at Emma. \"Open the door! Open it! \" Grahame frowned at what he was seeing; Emma was convinced that the door was closed shut in front of her. He could hear Emma's breathing become raspy. Emma did her complete best to pry the door open with all her might, but still it would not move. \" Grahame! \" she called to him. \"I'm still here!\" his voice on the other side of the door said muffled. Emma could hear a faint tapping sound and tiny patters of feet. She turned her back against the door and saw crawling their way towards her, a group of black and brown furry tarantulas. The crawled up along the walls and ceilings, along the windows and over the desks and draws. Emma panted and her breathing became shallow, her heart was beating frantically. Any moment now and she was sure that she would die from fright or maybe a heart attack. She edged back into the corner of the door desperately trying to put as much space between her and the approaching arachnids that scuttled across the floor. Meanwhile outside, Grahame could only watch, he was also trying to figure out what Jennet was doing as she continued to point in the direction of Emma. He was placed on the spot, he had to do something, and he was not going to let Emma get taken. \"Let her go!\" Grahame said walking up to Jennet; he raised the candle rack to her face, where her paleness was illuminated. \"I said let her go! \" teethed Grahame. \"Whatever it is you are doing to her, leave her; this is between you and me! All you have done is try and scare me, well, now is your opportunity to do so!\" Jennet's black pupils stared at Grahame's. She cocked her head to her side as if to consider this. Grahame kept his brown eyes fixed on Jennet not even daring to blink. \"I won't ask you again, let her go!\" he was starting to lose patience with Jennet. Then, as if she had some remorse to her or maybe she had no choice, Jennet lowered her arm. Inside the room, the every continuously approaching tarantula's simply shimmered away. Emma then stepped outside the room; the door was now wide open. Now free of the approaching spiders, her heartbeat – still thumping wildly inside her – slowly returned to normal, backing outwards Emma turned dazed but pale white. Grahame ran up to her. \"Emma, speak to me, are you okay?\" he said gently holding her head in his hands. Emma merely stuttered and began to cry. Grahame did the only thing fatherly as he could think of, which was hug her and hold her close. \"You're okay, you're okay,\" he soothed her. Behind him, he heard Jennet growl. Grahame got up and turned to face her, holding on to Emma. \"What's the matter Jennet? Losing your touch?\" Grahame taunted. \"I thought you'd give anything to kill an innocent child, is Emma to much of bother for you to kill that you decided to scare her?\" he said this as if angry. Jennet merely watched him, listening attentively to every word he said. \"Well?\" Grahame asked. She cocked her head to her side. \"Come on, talk to me!\" Grahame ordered. It was only seconds after he realized that she had said nothing nor retorted back in defence. \"You won't talk,\" Grahame said. \"Or you can't talk. Curious.\" he thought. Grahame walked up to her, not afraid, but rather victoriously. \"When you died, and started killing innocent children, was there a price involved to when you set out on your killing spree?\" Jennet nodded in reply. Grahame smiled. \"Ah, so that's it, normally Ghosts – Spirits not so much – retain their speech, but you, killing innocent children cost you your voice, hence the screaming like the banshee part. You can only communicate by nodding or shaking your head, am I right?\" Slowly Jennet nodded. \"So,\" said Grahame as he stood in front of the scorned Spirit, if he could call her that. \"Let's see, you are killing children, why out of vengeance?\" Jennet nodded. \"Okay, out of vengeance and jealousy, am I right?\" again Jennet nodded. \"Ah, so you are jealous of other mother's having children no matter what age they are, boy or girl, because you lost your own child, but should you be arguing this with your sister, I mean she was the one who left your own son to perish, not to mention her husband as well I suppose.\" Jennet breathed heavily, the mention of Grahame mentioning her sister and her sister's husband was like a sour taste in her mouth. \"Also Arthur reunited you and your son together, that should have been enough, unless,\" Grahame prepared himself for what he was about to say next. \"Unless you never really did love your son,\" A dark look of fury flashed across Jennet's face. Her entire face contorted into anger. \"If you did love your own son, then you would have left with him from this world into the Netherworld, but you didn't, after what Arthur did to reunite your son with you, the bond between mother and son should have worked, the same with every child and parent!\" A bubbling liquid of anger and blood was rising inside Jennet's dead and lifeless Ghostly apparition. \"Instead you are here, killing and killing, because you can never move on, because you are convinced that Nathaniel loved you and you him. But you never really did love him did you. I'd go as far as say that Alice did a much better job at raising your son even if you did raise him as your own. You never really did love your own son, if you did, then you would have left this house and moved onto the Netherworld happily ever after for all eternity. Face it Jennet, you were never meant to love Nathaniel, why do you think you can never move on?\" Jennet opened her mouth and unleashed a terrible shrieking sound which shattered a nearby window and blew one of the fuses in the two chandeliers, her screech intensified before she disappeared back into the blackness behind her. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Had he done it? Had he gotten rid of her? Grahame had his hands over his ears as Jennet unleashed the screeching sound of a wailing banshee. Emma who also had her hands over her ears noticed that Jennet had also gone as well. Sam who carefully walked up the stairs was wide eyed with such horror that he thought he might too die of a heart attack. He saw, much to Grahame's attention, everything that Grahame had said to Jennet. That was paranormal investigation right there. \"How much of that did you hear?\" Grahame asked him. \"A-all of it,\" Sam replied. \"A-and I have t-to say, it was pretty impressive, dare I say a little s-scary.\" Sam stuttered smiling slightly. Grahame smiled. \"I think it is best to leave this place.\" \"Has she gone?\" Sam asked. \"I am not entirely sure at the moment, but I would like to stay a bit longer just to make sure.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"If Jennet has gone, then that means you have avenged your cousin and his son's death.\" Sam said to Grahame feeling slightly joyful. \"I suppose I have, but like I said, I am not entirely convinced as of yet if Jennet has gone or not.\" Sam drove Grahame and Emma back to the village, Sam feeling confident that Jennet had gone, but Emma was still feeling somewhat concerned for her own safety, Grahame was also feeling somewhat sorry for her. In the short time he had been around Emma, he felt as if some kind of bond had formed between them. \"There is another matter I would like to get off my chest.\" Grahame said. \"Emma here, however, has just found a new family to live with.\" Sam and Emma frowned. \"You are coming to live with me.\" Grahame said to her. \"What?\" Emma said in disbelief. \"After I saw what happened to you in that room, it wasn't nice. I know you have no parents, and I don't relish the fact that a child should live alone in the world. So if you want, you can come and live with me,\" Emma smiled. She would have hugged him where it not for the fact that they were in the automobile. \"Do you really mean it?\" \"Nothing on heaven or earth will prevent that.\" Grahame said to her. Delighted and over the moon, Emma began to cry with happiness, she finally found someone who wanted to look after her. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sam parked his car just in the village square. The rain had come to stop finally, and the moon was shining brightly with the stars twinkling over the village itself. \"Everything seems normal,\" Grahame said as he got out of the car. \"No damage, everything is fine. I would have thought that Jennet would have gone on a killing spree for what I said to her.\" smiled Grahame. Emma and Sam looked around the village also. It was quiet but it looked fine in their eyes. Emma soon suddenly set her eyes on a distant glow somewhere far from where they were. \"Looks like someone is burning something,\" she said. Grahame and Sam turned to look into the direction of where she was now pointing. \"The smoke is so thick you can even see it in the darkness.\" \"Wait a minute,\" Grahame said to her. He stared hard at the distant glow and the high denseness of the black smoke that rose up into the sky. \"That looks like the–\" Grahame cut himself of when sudden realization dawned upon him what that distant glow was. \"The Church,\" Sam finished for him. \"We best make our way over there quickly.\" Grahame said. Sam nodded, and the three of them jumped into the automobile and Sam quickly started the engine and they were off. Whilst making their way to the church, Grahame had a sickly feeling that what was happening was just one of Jennet's mind altering tricks. But the closer they got, with the dense smoke rising over the trees, Grahame's sickly feeling turned to bile. A/N: Right, here is chapter 10, I estimate we only have very few little more chapters left before I finish this story, but then again I could be wrong. However I hope you enjoy next weeks chapter, things are spicing up in next weeks chapter just to let you know. See you either next Sat or Sun. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 12] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I AM BACK! And I am feeling much better due to the bad news I recieved, I won't go into details as the matter is more of a personal reason and private, anyway, I want to thank each and everyone of you for being patient during my recovery so to speak. Anyway, I must point out that I found some comfort in my writing. So without further ado...let's continue. In Response: To Anera527 and LadyLuly for your reviews, and to DarknessBloodAngel (love the pen name by the way) for your first two reviews of the story, and I hope you will review more later on. Well, enough of my ranting, enjoy chapter 11. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 11 Sam came to a grinding halt. Grahame, Sam and Emma jumped out of the car; faint sparks of embers floated and glittered into the sky. A black billowing column of thick smoke extended high into the air and a gust of wind blew it far out into the open. Licking at the air wildly were the whipping flames that broke and shattered the windows, almost desperately trying to ignite the air or anything that was not on fire. \" My God, \" Sam said completely void of an emotion that could explain what he was feeling. He looked up at the burning church, watching those who were still inside desperately trying to escape with their lives. Emma backed away from the burning church and bumped into the bonnet of Sam's automobile. Grahame stood in a trance. No, he thought to himself, not this, not this way. Not ever this way! A flash from the past came swarming back into his mind, those voices, terrified and fearful voices that he had heard countless of times in his head. \" Callie! Callie. \" \" Mummy, help! \" \" Callie, get out! \" \" Mummy, we're trapped! \" A shrieking scream, almost bloodcurdling and of pain rang through his mind. Grahame's face contorted, he looked as if he was in pain, physically. Somehow he pushed the memory aside. He turned to look back at the burning church. Screams and cries of mothers broke down just a few meters up the path from the church. Men screamed at the church angrily, almost as if cursing the church for going up in a blaze. There were still some people left inside, and Sam, Grahame saw, ran into the church. Grahame shouted for him to stop. \"Sam! Wait ! It's too dangerous !\" Sam ignored him as he ran into the burning church; a puff of smoke swirled around the door where Sam had just ran through. \"Emma!\" Grahame called to her. Her face was sweating from the heat that church was giving off. \"Stay here and don't move !\" he ordered her, Emma nodded thoroughly. Mustering his courage Grahame ran after Sam and into the burning inferno of the church. Revenge of Grahame Kipps If Grahame had read correctly from the many letters that Sam sent him before his journey to Crythin Gifford, a local lawyer called Mr. Jerome had a child that died in a fire, a young daughter, and Arthur attempted to save her, sadly he didn't get to her in time. And now it seemed that history was repeating itself, except with a church than a house, and Grahame playing the hero. Fire littered and grew to great lengths within the church, the wooden benches had been burnt and rendered to ash, and the Alter had been burnt beyond recognition. \"Sam!\" Grahame called over the roaring flames. \"Help me!\" a strained voice called. Grahame turned and saw a man and covering his daughter under his coat. He coughed and spluttered. \"My daughter…get…her…\" Grahame rushed over to them, picked them both up and rushed them to the entrance of the church where he threw them through the flames and to the other side of freedom and safety. \"Sam!\" Grahame called again, he got no reply. Somewhere nearby a suddenly clatter and shattering of glass startled him; he didn't know where the clattering came from. \"Sam!\" The smoke became thicker and Grahame was beginning to lose all breath in his lungs. \"S-am?\" Grahame coughed. He spat on the floor to get the moist of the fumes and soot out of his mouth. He saw at the far side a family of four rush and make their way to safety. \"S-am…where…a-are you?\" coughed Grahame. The heat was beginning to become unbearable, how much longer could he stay here in this burning hell hole? Somewhere nearby he heard a cry of a child, nestled somewhere nearby underneath a neatly placed den made of wood, most probably from the wooden benches, he saw a teenage girl, her sad, terrified eyes landed upon Grahame. In her arms was a baby boy, snuggled up safely and asleep in her arms. \"Come on!\" Grahame said as he grabbed her hand and led her to the entrance of the church doors. The girl simply leapt through the curtain of flames that was raining down and flickering upwards in front of the doors. \" Sam! \" Grahame yelled at the top of his voice, which began to strain and sting. Everywhere he looked flames began to grow wildly and if he was imagining it, it looked like they were moving towards him. Grahame searched through each broken timber for Sam. Grahame was finding it hard to concentrate, the heat against his skin was blistering, he could not see things properly, and he was sure he was starting to see double. Grahame walked forward and fell flat on his face. It was only when he heard the faint cry of yet another little girl, tucked away in the corner cowering from the flames. Grahame got to his feet, almost drunkenly. He reached for her hand and proceeded to take her to safety. But along the way, he saw her. Jennet was standing at the far side of the church wall almost as if she was watching him and watching the whole church burn. On top of the heat that he had to endure, his blood had begun to boil violently at the sight of her. Quickly he had to get the girl out of the church. Jennet watched as she saw Grahame stagger toward the entrance to the church. Her eyes narrowed at Grahame. As Grahame safely navigated the young girl to safety, his leg snagged itself against a jagged piece of sharp wood which dug deep into his leg. During this he fell, clutching his leg. \" Run! \" he told the girl. The girl nodded and ran. Jennet watched as the girl ran towards the exit of the church. Her pale black pupil eyes looked up to see a wooden beam. Grahame could see her looking upwards. She raised her right hand and pointed at the beam. Grahame could only watch as the beam gave a short creak and came crashing down and landed with such a force that it nearly blocked the whole entrance. During the fall, Grahame heard a shriek, he saw trapped under the beam the young girl, blood was trickling down out of her mouth, her eyes open and void of all life. Grahame began to breathe heavily, he turned to see Jennet and the two of them eyed each other. \" You bitch! \" he spat at her. \" You utter soulless bitch! \" \"Grahame?\" Sam's voice called from his side. Sam ran up to Grahame and helped him up, his face blackened with soot. With him was a young terrified boy who yelped at the slightest smash or creak of the church. \"That door over there, just run for it, and don't stop!\" he said to the boy. The boy heeded Sam's words and sprinted to the boy. However the boy suddenly stopped and turned trancelike into the direction of Jennet. Grahame knew what had happened. She had managed to grab hold of the young boy. The young boy reached down and picked up a plank of wood with a flame at the end. \"Don't you dare, you leave him alone! \" Grahame yelled at Jennet. His eyes turned back to the young boy, who lit himself on fire. \" NO! \" Grahame moved to grab the boy but Sam stopped him. \"There is nothing we can do for him!\" Sam said. \"We need to get out! \" The young boy fell to the floor still alight. But what was more horrible was that the boy did not scream at all. Suddenly a force took over Grahame. He turned to face Jennet, he lashed forward towards her. \"You BITCH !\" \"Grahame!\" Sam tried to grab hold of him but he was already away, speeding across the hall of the church towards Jennet. As he approached her, something landed on him, heavy and hard. He heard Sam's shouts, his face slammed to the floor, the heat increased, and darkness came to him suddenly, he felt nothing, but he heard the distant call of a man calling his name. Revenge of Grahame Kipps This time it was different, nothing seemed to make sense now. But there a voice called to him. \"Grahame?\" a soft voice called to him. \"Grahame?\" He knew this voice and he smiled at it. His eyes opened and, standing there was Arthur. \"Arthur!\" Grahame said shocked but overwhelmed with joy that he was here with him. \"What do you think you are doing?\" Arthur asked with an angry tone. This was something new for Grahame to see. Arthur was never angry, nor was he violent. Grahame whispered, \"What?\" \"Do not leave Ffion alone with a child that she may or may not be able to bring up alone,\" \"I'm not going to,\" Grahame said. \" I am going back to her, after I have finished with Jennet.\" Arthur shook his head. \"Leave Jennet alone, she cannot be reasoned with, just leave her alone,\" \"And let her to continue killing children? I won't allow it!\" said Grahame firmly. \"I won't give up until Jennet has gone,\" Arthur sighed, turned and walked through the darkness. \"Arthur!\" Grahame's voiced echoed to his cousin. \" Arthur! \" Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"…Grahame!\" a distant voice spoke through the darkness. He felt as if he was falling, before a sudden gut wrenching pain surged through his chest and back, his face was burning with pain, stinging as if someone had slapped a bunch of thorns in his cheek. His head was pounding; even the slightest distant sound brought him such a headache. As he opened his eyes, he saw Sam's blackened face covered with soot, and Emma's scared lifeless face which turned to relief as she saw Grahame wake up from his unconscious state. Grahame painfully got to his feet. Sam helped him up, whilst Grahame clutched his stomach before holding his back as the burning pain shot all around his back and to his front. \"W-hat h-happ-end?\" he said hoarsely. Sam and Emma said nothing. Grahame looked over his shoulder back at the church which had been stripped of the flames that it held. \"How long h-have I been out?\" he coughed spitting the foul taste of smoke and soot from his mouth. \"A while,\" Sam said handing him a bottle full of water. Grahame took it off of him and took a swig of it before spitting it out back onto the floor, it tasted not like water, but more like a sickly taste of vomit. Grahame held onto Sam as he fought himself through the pain of turning around to face the church fully. All windows had been shattered, twisted and melted, black scorch marks clung to any piece of where the fire had been. Smoke still sizzled up into the sky but not as thick as it was when he first saw it just billowing up into the air. Grahame watched with such wretchedness at the sight of the church. A bit further away, the cries of several mothers and fathers were crying over something. Grahame saw that there were four white sheets on the ground. He guessed what was underneath these white sheets, wasn't that hard to guess. They had to be children, just by looking at the sheets, they weren't exactly big. But one of the sheets made him vomit when he saw that one of the bodies that were covered was a small baby, and the teenage girl who was weeping with her mother and father was the same teenage girl that Grahame helped escape the burning church. Sam rubbed Grahame's back, but the pain of where the beam fell on him caused him to jerk slightly at his touch. \"Sorry,\" Sam apologized; he looked back at the families of those who were sobbing over their children. \"Only four children…\" Sam refrained from completing the sentence. \"Two boys and two girls,\" Grahame vomited on the floor again. \" You! \" a voice said from nearby, a voice full of spite and anger. Grahame turned around to see a buff man walk up to him, seething and breathing heavily. \"You murdered my son you son of a–\" A sharp SMACK impacted with Grahame's jaw in which he fell back onto the floor – Emma squealed – this time the pain from his back and the impact from the punch was too much for him. He didn't know which pain he screamed out to exert, the pain from his back or the pain from his jaw. \"Hey, steady on!\" Sam said standing in front of the man. \"That man, said he would get rid of Jennet, that… that…slut! \" the man said, he was red in the face. \"Listen to me, this isn't helping you or anyone,\" Sam said trying to calm the man down. \"My son, burnt to death, a wonderful idea your friend here decided, a church, a church that was supposed to help us against keeping Jennet out! Yeah, it worked alright, for about seven minutes roughly before she decided to torch the place!\" Emma walked over to Grahame and attempted to help him up. \"Punching someone in the face isn't going to help bring your son back Mr. Damien. Now I suggest you control yourself and go back to your wife and comfort her.\" Sam told him. Mr. Damien eyed Grahame before exhaling a long amount of breath and walked away, the look of ire with grief of a man in mourning. Sam went to help Grahame to his feet, where he winced as the pain from the jaw and his back – his stomach had seemed to lose the pain when he fell onto the stone hot floor of the church – riddled back to him, as Sam lead him to the car. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Back at Sam's home, Grahame washed himself up, Sam gave him a stiff drink to perk him up a little, and Archer tended to Grahame's leg, it needed stitches and Archer had done a fine job at patching Grahame's leg up, it didn't even sting him as much, and he found that he could walk fine on it properly, save for a limp here and there. Emma was in the upstairs bathroom with Elisabeth having a bath. \"Why did you run after me?\" Sam asked. \"I was only going to be in there for a few moments then I was going to be straight out, why did you follow me?\" Grahame sighed heavily. \"I don't know, to be honest with you.\" \"You know you remind me of when Arthur went into Mr. Jerome's house to try and save his daughter.\" Grahame threw Sam a weary look. Arthur, he remembered seeing Arthur briefly in his…he wasn't sure if it was a near death experience where he lingered in purgatory briefly or if he dreamt it. Either way he remembered Arthur looking almost displeased with him, and Grahame was not sure what to think about that. \"This doesn't make any sense,\" Grahame said suddenly out of the blue. Sam frowned at him, \"Pardon?\" Grahame sighed yet again. \"Jennet is able to scare Emma, and Emma claims that Jennet cannot touch her, so what has changed? I was confident that the church was the answer, all Ghosts and Spirits no matter how religious or non-religious they are always keep away from holy sanctums, and Jennet just broke the rules.\" A/N: So, here is chapter 11, what did you think? Oh and, during my absence, I have prewritten out a few more chapters of Revenge of Grahame Kipps, and I can tell you, you are in for a ride when it comes to the end. Anyway reviews would nice. See you either next Sat or Sun. SoulVirus.[Chapter 13] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I am back, wanted to upload this chapter yesterday, but I was busy finishing writing out this story, so all chapters have been prewritten and will be looked over before being uploaded so as I can improve them. So…yes, I have finished writing out the story, but the story doesn't end, not until I have posted the last chapter. Anyway, moving on now, remember Grahame's little flashback between of those two voices he hears at times, well, we find out what they are in this chapter. In Response: To Anera527 , you were the only person to review this week, and I am wondering where all my other reviewers have gone to. Anyway thanks again for your review, I had intended on Arthur to at least make some form of appearance into my story. As for Emma, you will find out about her soon enough. Anyone else want to review, you are welcome and don't forget Anonymous reviewers are welcome, and lets try and get to at least 30 reviews by next week's chapter, can you do it? Lets find out. Now on with the chapter. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 12 \"It's about time we took a stand against this scorned spirit! It's about time Jennet, felt our revenge !\" The whole Gifford Arms, which was full with as many of the residents of Crythin Gifford yelled in agreement as Harold Damien stood on top of the table shouting out words of encouragement to them. \"Grahame promised that he would get rid of her, and just look at how well he has done that !\" \"YEAH!\" shouted the crowd. \"How many more of our children must suffer under the spell and evil of Jennet? How many more times must she kill before she has proven her point to us that she has lost a child? How much more must we civilians live in fear of her?\" \"YEAH!\" agreed the crowd. \"Tomorrow night, we march upon Eel Marsh House and we burn it down!\" \"YEAH!\" the crowd agreed. \"We shall put an end to Jennet's misery; no house, no reason for her to carry on! Who's with me?\" All residents within the Gifford Arms yelled as loud as they could in agreement, the whole town was fed up with Jennet; it was time to take matters into their own hands. Revenge of Grahame Kipps As the morning carried on with the same grey coloured sky and a bleak atmosphere, Grahame had time to reflect on everything that had happened over the past week. He was now heading into his second week, and he was growing increasingly anxious in getting rid of Jennet. There had to be a way to get through to her, to get her to move on, or at least find a way to stop her killing the children of Crythin Gifford. Seeing two kids die in the same manner as back in the church replayed in his mind, that boy who set fire to himself, and that poor girl who got crushed, it was amazing that he on the other managed to get out alive, albeit a miracle. He was however still sore and he felt strangely numb constantly. The pain in his leg was another matter, at least he could walk and with ease. Grahame was walking around the main parlour of the room in Sam's house pondering through everything he knew about Jennet so far, there had to be a weakness to her somehow, if only he could find her weakness. \"Are you okay?\" Sam asked as he entered into the parlour, behind him Sam's dog, Spider trotted in and up to Grahame's side. \"Of course I am. I may be a bit sore but, I will live,\" Grahame replied bending down and picking up Spider and scratching her ears and continued pacing. \"I don't mean physically,\" said Sam, \"I mean, mentally,\" Grahame stopped pacing, turned to face Sam confused. \"Sorry?\" Sam sighed, and gestured him to sit down, but Grahame refused. \"I have been keeping an eye on you as of late, there has been something bothering me about you, you claim to be a paranormal investigator and that your job is to find answers about the paranormal and the afterlife, and that it was just merely a dream job set up by your grandmother's death, but what really is going on here Grahame?\" \"I don't understand?\" \"You claim to want to avenge your cousins' death–\" \"Which I am trying to do,\" Grahame said cutting across Sam. \"But,\" Sam was treading carefully now, he remembered that look in Grahame's eyes when he saw the church on fire, he could tell he was reliving something he had seen happen before. \"I saw…you I mean…just before I ran into the church…I saw you, and that look in your eyes, to me it looked like one of constant pain and fear, and if I am not mistaken something similar to what happened at the church happened before to you, didn't it?\" Sam was smart; Grahame had a feeling that Sam was smart, but never this smart. Faint tears appeared in Grahame's eyes, and it looked to Sam as if Grahame was about to have a breakdown of some sorts. Grahame placed Spider on the floor and walked to the window where he looked up at the grey and patch of black clouds in the sky. \"I have been running, Sam, from my past for so long,\" he sighed wearily. \"I have no idea how long I have ran from my past, no idea at all.\" he paused, took his time and continued. Tears were now swelling up in his eyes. \"At first I thought nothing of it, just pure dumb luck.\" He waited, and again took his time to reply. \"It all started off with just old family members who had their time here on this earth and died. Then the deaths happened more frequently, accidents: unexplained diseases, trips, falls, muggins, killings.\" Sam watched and listened attentively to what Grahame was saying. \"My family is basically a magnet for Death, everywhere I go, touch or feel, someone dies around me, it's as if, Death itself has a grudge against me for no reason or explanation, Death just takes that that makes me very happy and allows me to wallow in self-pity in a life sucking abyss of misery and pain and–\" he stopped suddenly. Sam watched him carefully in case he did something to hurt himself. \"When I was in my teens, and I was still with my family, I found that one night I couldn't sleep. And so, I got up, and went outside…\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps It was one of those nights in which Grahame could barely get a wink of sleep, he had no idea or reason why, he just couldn't. He tossed and turned trying to get comfortable, but still he couldn't. He had no idea what time it was, except that it was late at night most likely early hours of the morning by his judgment. Fed up and irritated that sleep would not arrive for him; he threw off the sheets that covered him whilst he was trying to sleep, and crept downstairs through the dark halls of his mansion. He knew that his parents would still be asleep as well as his sister. He didn't want to wake them; he would rather let them sleep. He braved his way down the stairs, he knew which steps and floorboards creaked and moaned when he would walk over them. Halfway down, he slid down the banister, the last few steps were the worst. Once on firm ground, he grabbed his coat, a warm pair of trousers and some boots, gently placed them on him without making so much as a grunt or a squeak, headed for the kitchen and out into a small passage that lead straight into the massive grounds. His house was enormous; his family had invested in many firms which lead to an increase in money, which lead to them becoming wealthy and having a large house to be built and for them to live in. Grahame's father Jacob Kipps was highly known throughout most of London, he married the most beautiful woman he had set his eyes on, a blonde woman with such a thin posture and blue eyes. Together they had two children, Grahame who was now in his late teens of just being 16, and a daughter, Callie Kipps who was just 8 years old and looked astonishingly like his mother. Grahame looked somewhat similar to his father, brown eyes, short black hair, and the same posture as his father. The only downside was that he didn't want to follow in his families footsteps. Although his father was an investor, he was also a lawyer as well. At one time, Jacob took Grahame to his work firm in the city, it didn't exactly appeal to Grahame on what type of job his father did for a living. He had however been fascinated by his grandmother's stories of Ghosts and Spirits of his loved ones watching over him. There was just something so…spooky and yet, adventurous about the paranormal that Grahame instantly took into his heart. Often he would spend his money in the shops on magazines of any paranormal or ghostly trait. He kept clip out cuttings of so called sightings of Ghosts and Spirits. He had a box full of collections claiming that many people had been possessed by Ghosts and Spirits many times. He even started to document his finding on belief of Ghosts and Spirits and that of the netherworld. What was it about Ghosts and Spirits and the afterlife that made it so appealing for him to take into his heart? Aside from the gypsies and so called mediums who claim to see and hear Ghosts. He kept this dream; his father called it an 'obsession' a secret for years. But when his father found out about this so called dream that he wanted to pursue in becoming a paranormal investigator, his father threw a hissy fit. \" A PARANORMAL INVESTIGATOR!\" he bellowed loudly one night that everyone in the house heard him. \"What kind of rubbish is this?\" Grahame feeling guilty now that he was in the presence of his father, whose face was red from rage, yelled, and spat down at him. \" You are a disgrace to this family Grahame, it's about time you came working alongside me at the firm, get your hands dirty, and you can forget trying to get into Oxford University or any University for that matter. You best start putting this family before you now Grahame, follow the family name and steps.\" Grahame sighed heavily. He did not want to go into the family business; there just didn't seem any point in doing so, they just didn't seem to appeal to him, what was the point in going into a job that you wouldn't enjoy in the first place? After all, all his father cared about was money and its income. Since he was caught reading paranormal books, his father took them off him and placed them in a cabinet in his study, where he would always retreat and smoke about twenty cigars in one go. His father was a heavy smoker, and he was clumsy at times as well, most times he wouldn't stub out the cigars properly. His father's words of him being a disgrace to his family sank into his brain and remained with him every day, maybe that was why he couldn't sleep, maybe that word bore so far into him that it constantly forced him to rethink everything he was doing in following his dreams on becoming a paranormal investigator. Maybe he was a disgrace, maybe he did shame the family and he couldn't see it. Either way, the word 'disgrace' that his father used was more than what he would have called a wakeup call, it was also a sign to Grahame that maybe his father didn't love him as much, he overheard his parents talking about him once after dinner, and the conversation was not at all pleasant. \" He is just confused about what he wants to do with his life,\" his mother said kindly to her husband. \" But he is my only heir to this family's fortune, we need him,\" \" What about Callie? She can continue on with the job when you retire,\" \" The firm I represent only accepts men; Callie will have to work alongside you at the working house.\" Jacob said. Grahame could sense that his mother was becoming somewhat irritated by what Jacob said. \" Grahame needs to carry on when I have gone, my brother's son, Arthur has expressed interests in joining the law firm,\" \" That's because your brother has at least made an attempt to get his son interested in his job, which you should have done from the moment you decided to have Grahame join you in your work,\" \" I did, Victoria, I did,\" \" Once, you took him to the firm once .\" Victoria said. Grahame could tell that the conversation was about to get worse. \" He has shamed me, Victoria, my own son, at times I wonder if he is my son,\" With this Grahame took off back upstairs to bed. \" I know he means well, and I know he has dreams of his own, but, I want him to be like me, I want him to remember me as if he were me himself,\" \" I understand dear, but we cannot force him to live a life he does not need or want, maybe we shall give him time until he comes of that age of when he wants to get a job with you or not.\" Jacob nodded in reply. \"There is a reason why I married you, you know, wise, smart, beautiful, and you have the answers to all solutions,\" he took Victoria's hand and kissed it. Grahame never did hear the end of the conversation. Grahame had approached the stables, the only place where he could sit alone and think about all his problems, the stables seemed to hold all the answers he needed, but this one night was something different entirely. This night didn't seem to hold the answers he was looking for, which was what was bothering him. It must have been the words that his father told about him such as 'shamed' and 'disgrace' that kept him from sleeping, the words must have slowly pried their way into his subconscious before he got to feel the effects. He walked over to a black coloured horse who instantly took a shine to Grahame. Rubbing the horses' snout and patting it gently behind its ears Grahame spoke to the horse. \"Hey there girl,\" he said to it. \"How are you?\" the horse purred. On a brass plate where the gate to the pen where the horse was kept was the name 'Shadow', Grahame smiled, pulled up a bench and sat down in front of Shadow's pen. Other horses were around in other parts of the stables, most were asleep, whilst others munched at the hay and straw and drank out of the bowls of water that was left for them. There he sat quietly in the stable, just listening to the rustling of the horses as they snored, purred, slurped, neighed and walked around in their pens. He had no idea what time it was, and as easy as if all his problems were being swept away, sleep slowly came back to him, but not before one of the horses in the pens neighed wildly, more horses followed, whilst Shadow neighed in a near perfect wail. \" What is it girl?\" he asked calming the horse down. He could smell something burning in the distance, as curiosity got the better of him, he went to search. He could see flames in one of the downstairs window of the study where his father used to work, and up in the back windows of his bedroom and Callie's room as well. He sprinted forth towards the entrance of the house where a group of people, mostly villagers had gathered and were shouting over one another mostly asking for assistance. Smoke filled the front part of the house as the flames smashed and melted the windows. Grahame watched horror-struck and dumbfounded, he had to be dreaming, no…not dreaming…he was having a nightmare. \" Get some buckets o' water!\" someone shouted over the mass of voices. Grahame looked and saw more villagers coming to assist. Grahame was lost, he did not know what to do, he was at many minds on what he should do. Should he help? Should he panic? As he fumbled on the spot trying to figure out what to do with himself a sudden ear racking shriek travelled from the house and into Grahame's ears. The scream was that of a young girl. Grahame's eyes widened in sheer pale horror at the sound of the girls' scream. \" Callie, Callie!\" a woman shrieked. \" There are people left in the house, get someone in there and get them out!\" someone shouted \" Mummy, help!\" the girl's terrified cry called out. That voice he knew so well, his mother and sister were still in the house while it was on fire. The ground shuddered slightly. \" It's going to collapse at any moment,\" someone else warned. \"Get those people out quickly!\" Grahame saw a few people run into the house; he presumed they were specialists who were experienced in dealing with such horrifying and dangerous situations. Speechless and stuck to the ground due to his fear, Grahame could do nothing but watch onwards, he could only hear his mother and sisters' screams from inside the house, he had no idea what had happened to his father. Though he dreaded to not think of what could have happened, but it stood by in his mind on what might have happened. Someone came running up to him placing a hand on his shoulder before obscuring his view was a woman's face, he knew who this was. \"Sofia!\" Grahame said relieved to see someone. \" Young Mr. Kipps, are you okay, are you hurt?\" Sofia said in hysterics. \" I am fine Sofia, but mamma and papa, Callie also are still in there!\" \" We need to let these people do their jobs; there is nothing we can do,\" \" But my family are in there!\" argued Grahame. \" You cannot go in there, it is too dangerous!\" Sofia said trying to hold him back. He broke free from her grip and ran straight toward the burning house. \"STOP HIM!\" Grahame heard Sofia call. Grahame sprinted as fast as his feet could take him. A sudden pain ran through his gut, winding him nearly. Grahame could feel the restraint of one of the villagers pushing him back trying to prevent him from nearing the house. \" Let me go!\" he shouted. \" You can't go in there son,\" the man said struggling against the grip of a boy who was far stronger than him. \" Let go of me dammit, I need to get in there!\" Grahame said, pushing against the weight of the man who was trying to hold him back. \" It's too dangerous!\" the man said. Grahame was slipping through his fingers, the man called for an extra two men to help assist him in keeping Grahame from entering the burning home. \" Let…me…go!\" Grahame yelled his voice was heard to those in earshot. The two extra men helped pin Grahame to the ground against his will. As Grahame struggled, a loud rumble and a crashing thud shuddered from inside the house. \" GET BACK!\" Someone shouted. A small puff of plume black smoke erupted into a bubble and expanded outwards at the front of the house. Crumbling in on itself the part of the house on the front collapsed inwards, trapping anyone inside. Grahame heard two unearthly shrieks. One from his mother and one from his sister, both that stopped suddenly as the house crumbled in on itself. Words could not describe what Grahame was feeling or seeing. Tears unknownst to him were streaming down his face at the sheer fact that he just heard his mother and sister die brutally, he never even got to say goodbye to them. \" Grahame!\" Sofia yelled running up to him pulling him back, she seemed to pull him back with ease as he stood there, gazing longingly into the still burning fire of his now partially demolished home. A sudden wave of guilt, sorrow and supreme sheer of utter and complete sadness and shock coursed through Grahame's body causing him to break down in tears right there in front of his burning home. His mother and sister: dead. His father: unknown at the time being. But it would take Grahame a while to realize that he was now alone in the world, apart from the fact that he still had Arthur to look up to, but at the moment all that mattered was this moment of his sudden breakdown of tears which dripped onto the floor as Sofia cradled and soothed him, telling him that it was going to be okay. A/N: Not much to say here, apart from how did you think it was, though for some reason, writing this chapter seemed to be a bit of a blurr to me when I wrote it out. Reviews would be nice. See you either next Saturday or Sunday. Bye. SoulVirus.[Chapter 14] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Here is chapter 13, I wanted to upload this last night, but I was sooooo tired that I did not have the strength to do so, anyway here it is. In addition, I did not get to 30 reviews but it was close, and dare I say, this story has received the most reviews than any of my other stories on FanFiction, how brill is that, I just want to cry, but I am man, so I will keep strong and maintain my reputation In Response: To Anera527 I like your crazy idea about Grahame dying in my story and raging war with Jennet, brilliant thought if I do say so myself, but will it happen? Still not giving anything away, I will let you ponder on that. Thanks again for the review. To LadyLuly , it's okay if you did review or not the last chapter, maybe there as glitch on the site or something, well, no matter. Again thanks for your lengthy review, I love lengthy reviews, and I cannot remember writing down the horse purring in the last chapter. Again probably my sub-consciousness bleeding through yet again, making sure my stories are good and that. On with the show. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 13 Grahame was still looking out of the window whilst Sam sat down; neither of them said anything not since Grahame had finished his story about what happened to him in the past, all words left him. Though he did have a hunch that death and some kind of tragedy followed Grahame, though he never thought it would be that extensive such as losing his entire family, including his parents. Both of them stood in the lounge; saying nothing, save for only the ticking of the clock that dampened the silence a little. Revenge of Grahame Kipps As night dawned on that Monday night, the ensuring mob marched along the path towards Eel Marsh house, with pitchforks and torches ablaze all chanting and screaming aloud. Jennet stood watching outside the window, just looking, weeping constantly, with that fate of anger in her eyes for all life. She sensed that the mob was coming for her, not that they will stop her, she was too powerful for them. She decided to allow them the approach and waited and played her time, they will never learn. They will always see her as nothing more than a child killer, planting her revenge on the town and anyone with a child. In truth she was just making a point, not just to the living, but to death itself, a point for it to change its ways and make life better than just having people suffer. She remembered when she was still alive that someone killed themselves because they didn't get into a university, she didn't know exactly the full reason for that persons death only that is one of the many reasons why life should change and be fair to everyone on this world. She didn't consider herself as evil, more of a right the wrong type. All she wanted was people to see her point in things, she was killing people not out of revenge, but to prove to everyone that life should be better than this, she was killing children because she wanted life to take a much stricter view on how things are run. Sadly life won't take her seriously. She waited patiently; she had all the time in the world, the approaching mob on the other hand did not. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame sat in his room that was given to him by Sam; he had not spoken to Sam since he told him about what happened to his family all those years ago. Emma was given a room all to her own and some new clothes. Now that Grahame had sort of adopted Emma as his own, he was now growing increasingly nervous about her. Since he met her, Jennet had not once been able to lay a hand on her, but back up at the house, Jennet was able to force some kind of nightmare on her, how that was possible he hadn't the faintest idea. He wondered if Jennet had found a way to get to Emma, maybe Emma let her guard down for a brief while and Jennet was able to get to her. Or maybe there was something else behind it. Whatever it was, he had to find out soon. The door to his room opened, and Grahame was surprised to see Elisabeth standing there in her nightgown, her white hair flowed past her shoulders and her grey eyes glinted back at him. She was smiling at him in the doorway. \"Elisabeth, what can I do for you?\" \"Emma is asleep; I have Archer keeping an eye on her, in case Jennet might pop up,\" \"Thank you Elisabeth, but I doubt Jennet would appear in this house, not with me around.\" Grahame told her. \"Why?\" she asked him. \"Mostly because, I pissed her off,\" said Grahame earnestly. \"But mostly because she knows she has met her match,\" Elisabeth didn't reply, but she stood in the doorway and Grahame noticed instantly that she seemed to be having a fit of some kind. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, and a voice of a woman and a boy mixed in unison spoke. \"She is waiting!\" the two voices said. \"Nicholas?\" Grahame asked, knowing full well what was happening. \"Nicholas is that you?\" \"She is waiting,\" the possessed Elisabeth said. \"Who's waiting? Is it Jennet?\" \"She will kill again tonight, she will wait and she will strike,\" \"Who will she kill? Nicholas, tell me, who will she kill?\" He never got an answer, the possessed Elisabeth returned to normal. Grahame rushed to catch her before she fell to the floor. \"Are you okay Mrs. Daily?\" Grahame asked her. \"Y-yes,\" she said shakily. Her misty eyes appeared upon Grahame which widened. \"You spoke to him again…didn't you? You spoke to my Nicholas,\" Grahame nodded. \"Briefly,\" He said to her. \"Mrs. Daily, when Nicholas speaks through you, does he normally warn people of Jennet?\" Elisabeth thought for a few moments. \"Well, at times, yes,\" \"How accurate are his warnings?\" Grahame asked. Elisabeth seemed to hesitate. \"Now is not the time to speak of this,\" \"Elisabeth, it's important, I need to know. How accurate are his warnings?\" he asked her contended. \"Well, he…\" she took her time to answer him. \"He predicted the death of your cousin.\" Grahame's eyes widened and then they reformed to a look of utter hopelessness. Is there any point in trying to stop Jennet and save the children? A voice in the back of Grahame's head said to him. If Nicholas's predictions and warnings were accurate, then that meant some poor child was going to die, when he did not know. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Harold Damien and his massive mob charged along the Nine Lines Causeways all shouting and cheering as they neared Jennets home. Little did they know, Jennet was already present, they just couldn't see her. Jennet watched them all. She approached a grubby man and influenced her power on the man. Her black pupil eyes narrowed. The man gasped, he grabbed his throat, his mouth opened wide as if someone was sucking the air from him. He began to choke suddenly, what was more, not one resident even noticed that he was being choked to death, that was until he collapsed to the floor, his eyes wide open, that the mob stopped and looked at the man who had dropped dead right in front of them. \"What happened to him?\" someone within the mob asked. \"ARGH!\" Someone else shouted. Nearby a man dropped his flaming torch and clutched his left arm tightly before he dropped to the floor with an awkward thud. Two people had died. Jennet was near. No one moved. Harold Damien looked around. \"Show yourself you harlot, show yourself! \" he shouted. A terrible bloodcurdling scream shrieked through the wilderness. A young man clutched at the sides of his head and shook his head around wildly. His mind was hurting, his head felt as if it were going to explode. What he didn't know was that Jennet was forcing the veins inside his brain to swell and burst, causing his ears and nose to trickle with blood. A sickening CRUCH from within his skull sounded and the man dropped to the ground dead. \"We should leave!\" \"Do not allow fear into your hearts or mind,\" Harold told them. \"We are close to Jennet's home now. We must teach this deranged spirit a lesson,\" \" I am not risking it, I am leaving, whoever wants to live,\" another young man said, \"you are welcome to follow me back to the village,\" \"Don't be such a wimp boy! \" Harold spat. \"Do you want to get rid of Jennet and live in peace with the rest of your family and your children's or do you want to live in misery and fear?\" Most of the mob was either with Harold or simply they just wanted to leave. Jennet had already killed three people within the mob, maybe it was wise to leave. Leave and let Grahame carry out his job. \"I am leaving, I think it's best if Grahame Kipps did this, get rid of Jennet I mean,\" the young man said. \"He promised to get rid of her, a week has passed and no good he has done!\" Harold told the boy. \"He needs time,\" \"He has already had time, and that time has passed; now either you are with me or you are not!\" In that moment, Jennet watched them as they made their decision. Most of the mob turned and headed back to Crythin Gifford, something which Jennet smirked evilly at, though she had to admit they had chosen rightfully in leaving. She would let them go now as they were no longer a threat to her. Now her attention turned back to those who had remained, the foolish folk who were brainwashed and tempted by this Harold Damien in taking her on. She had no idea what was going through their mind, or why they would even take her on, she found this rather curious. The only person who attempted to take her on was Grahame, and Grahame to her was a challenge in itself, it felt like a game to her. But the more she met and confronted Grahame the more she realized that he was dangerous to be around, even though she was dead and not flesh and blood, she noticed that her powers of influence and control on him had no effect. She tried to scare him, it did no good. But she found out that he cared for this Emma, and not just Emma, but the children of Crythin Gifford, she had seen anger and death in his eyes from the moment she met him, and it was that anger and death that made her fear him. As a Ghost trapped between the veils of the world of the Living and the world of the Spirits, she had nothing to fear, but Grahame scared her deeply. She watched as the now remaining mob walked across Nine Lines Causeway. She didn't attack them straight away, but she played her time. The tide was out, the marsh was boggy, and she could use that to her advantage. And then she began plotting. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame's mind was teeming with ideas on how to stop Jennet, but there was one idea that was most impressive by his standard that it would most likely stop Jennet in her tracks fully, but he didn't want to use this idea unless it was absolutely necessary. The idea had been looming in the back of his head for some time now just slowly building up inside him, practically begging to be used. Though there was always the possibility that it might not work. Another thing that Grahame had figured out was why Jennet had suddenly taken to try and scare Emma; it was so simple that he felt so stupid for not seeing it in the first place. Emma had no parents, and she was forced to live alone, no one took her in. In Jennet's eyes, Grahame thought, if a child had no parents and was forced to live in the world all alone, that to her was death in itself. Granted that it would take time but sooner or later, a child without no parent or anyone to care for them, no one to give water or food, would die. But Grahame had sort of adopted Emma, and he now was her legal guardian. Jennet must have known that he had taken Emma in, and Jennet seeing Emma being taken care of by Grahame, gave her the ability to lay a hand on Emma. Grahame paced around the spare room her was in, he was now itching with fear, his stomach rumbled and churned with anxiety, a small amount of vomit forced its way up into his mouth which he swallowed sourly before breathing heavily. He looked out of the window, and a sudden surge of anger swept through him like a flood, it then coursed its way to his right arm and built up in his fist, where he pulled his arm back and punched the glass window shattering it. Grahame breathed heavily as he stared down at his bleeding first with glass between his knuckles. Sam and Archer came running into his room from hearing the smash. \"Grahame, what happened? Are you alright?\" Sam asked seeing the smashed window and Grahame's bleeding hand which was now dripping blood onto the floor. Grahame turned to face Sam and Archer. The look on his face was one of confusion, anger and pure guilt all mixed into one, his white teeth were shown as they saw Grahame breath through his mouth, his teeth acting like grates. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Archer delicately pulled the glass shards between Grahame's knuckles out from his wounds; Grahame didn't even wince or scream. The pain seemed to leave him and he seemed not to notice Archer tending to his wounds. \"Grahame, please tell us what is going on?\" Sam asked him again for the thousandth time. Grahame sighed deeply and looked up at Sam. \"I think…\" he paused before he carried on, choosing his words carefully. \"I think, I may have, done something stupid.\" Sam stared at him. \"What kind?\" he asked frowning at Grahame. Grahame sighed yet again. Sighing seemed to ease the guilt and pain of what he was about to say. \"Emma,\" \"What about her?\" \"I've killed her,\" said Grahame instantly his expression void. \"I don't understand?\" Again Grahame sighed; it seemed to be helping him. \"I adopted Emma,\" Grahame said to him. \"Emma didn't have any parents when we first met her. Jennet couldn't touch Emma because she didn't have any parents. Jennet kills children because she wants parents to feel her pain. What point is there in killing a child when you don't have any family to look after you?\" Sam stared at him; it wasn't long before he knew what Grahame was driving at. \"I adopted Emma to be my own,\" he said to Sam hoarsely. \"Back at the house, when Emma was with me, Jennet could influence her, make her see things, and even commit suicide if she wanted to…\" Grahame took his time. \"Now that I adopted her, Jennet could lay her hands on her.\" \"But if Jennet wanted to kill Emma, why just kill her there and then, why wait?\" \"Because,\" Grahame began. \"I got in the way.\" he ran his non injured hand through his thick black hair. His mind strayed off into thought; something had just clicked in his mind, starting way back to when he first came to Crythin Gifford, before he set foot onto the train back at the London train station he was at. \"She must have known,\" he said to himself. \"Known what?\" Sam asked. Grahame thought he whispered this to himself. \"Jennet must have known that I would come here, to avenge Arthur, to put an end to her…she was there.\" He said. Sam pulled a confused look. \"When I was waiting for you back at the train station in London, I felt a presence; I thought it was just the wind, and the chill in the air. She was there on the other side of the bank.\" \"Jennet was at the train station in London?\" Sam asked somewhat in disbelief. \"She is a Ghost, or a Spirit, whatever you want to call her; she must have followed you to London. She must have kept a carefully close watch on you after Arthur and his son was killed, she must have known that you would try and do something. I bet you anything she had this planned all along, maybe sometime straight after she killed Arthur and Joseph. She planned this.\" \"Planned?\" Sam asked now even more confused. \"When Arthur and Joseph got ran down by the train, my guess is that Jennet predicted that you would try and find a way of some kind to get rid of her, then you found me, sent me box full of people's witnesses regarding Jennet. I arrive at the train station in London waiting to make my way to Crythin Gifford, but Jennet was watching you the whole time, she arrived at the station in London, found me and she has been keeping an eye on me ever since…\" he stopped. \"It's me,\" he said to himself. \"All this time, it's been about me,\" \"You?\" Sam asked he was not following at all. \"She has been so hostile towards me from the moment I stepped into her domain, she tried to hack me off when I stepped into the kitchen, and then she tried to…scare me, kill me back at the church. She is so focused on me that she isn't even killing the children as much. She wants me,\" \"Why you specifically?\" Sam asked. By now Archer had cleaned Grahame's wounds and bandaged his hand. \"Because I am a Paranormal Investigator,\" he said. \"I am the only one who can stop her, put an end to her. She is afraid of me, wouldn't you be if you were Jennet and I was up to no good in trying to find a way to stop you?\" He has a point there , Sam thought. \"She even tried to throw me off the sent when she used her paranormal powers of influence to create that floating black mass.\" Sam looked at him again confused. \"Long story,\" Grahame told him. \"When you found out that I was kin to Arthur, and finding out that I was a Paranormal Investigator, Jennet must have been scared from that moment on,\" \"She doesn't want to leave this world, because she wants to kill more children,\" Grahame nodded his head. \"And with me being here, the more I see and glance upon Jennet–\" \"The more children she kills.\" Sam said finishing Grahame's sentence. Grahame got up, walked over towards a desk and thumped it with his bandaged hand where he winced. \"THAT BITCH!\" he yelled. Sam jumped back, he felt as if he was being given a row from a teacher, with the heat and humility rising in him. \" She planned this , she knew I would come here, to try and stop her, and I bet you anything she will use Emma to get to me,\" Grahame said slamming his non-injured hand on the desk in front of him. \"I have to stop her.\" He said. \"And how, may I ask again, are you going to do that?\" Sam asked him. A moment's pause hung in the air. \"I have an idea, but,\" Grahame sighed heavily, took a deep breath for which he would need, and said, \"I don't want to use it, but I may have no choice.\" A/N: Not much to say here but keep those reviews coming to whoever want's to review, and give their thoughts on the story. See you either next Saturday or Sunday. SoulVirus.[Chapter 15] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Only four more chapters left of this story…I know, four, can you believe it? Anyway, expect a sudden twist in this chapter; you will know what I mean by that when you come across it. In Response: To LadyLuly, thanks again for the review, though I was not sure what you were on about with the gender rule thing. Anyway, thanks again for the review. In addition, I know people are reading my stories but are not reviewing, but it only takes a few seconds to review, doesn't have to be a long review, just a short sentence one what you thought about the story or chapter in question. Anyway, onto the chapter. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 14 As night dwindled on into the morning, which brought a blood red lit sky, Grahame and Sam went for a walk, it was Sam's idea to have a walk and clear Grahame's head a little. \"So this idea that you have in store for getting rid of Jennet, what is it?\" Sam asked, but Grahame never said anything, his mind was still focused on how to save Emma, now that Jennet had tried to lay a finger on her. Was there a way to save Emma? If there was he needed to find a way to save her and find it fast. But how long did Emma have on this earth? Or was Jennet too focused now on Grahame to even worry about any other child? He needed to know these things. They strolled into Crythin Gifford as the sun desperately tried its best to get a view of the village and bring some comfort and warmth before the clouds came and covered the whole sky. \"I am sorry about what happened to your family, I shouldn't have asked, I feel as if I have pushed you to finding out why you were so…withdrawn I suppose from ever talking about your past.\" Sam said he felt guilty now that he had asked Grahame what had happened in his past to become a Paranormal Investigator; he should have kept his mouth shut and not said anything. \"Don't be, you weren't to know, these things happen, I was just in the right place at the right time. My family were in the wrong place at the wrong time. These things happen because they must, I suppose.\" Grahame said, in Sam's eyes he seemed somewhat fine – if that was the appropriate word for it – after telling his story of what happened to him that night, the night he lost his parents. \"What did your sister look like?\" Sam asked him. Grahame smiled lightly. \"She was young, 8 years of age when she died. Callie, she had blonde hair. Her eyes like blue sapphire diamonds. I though the world of her. She wanted to be a nurse when she grew up,\" Grahame laughed. \"What kind of an eight year old girl wants to be a nurse?\" he asked himself. \"If it made her happy, it made her happy, despite what my parents thought of her choice of what she wanted to be when she grew up.\" They walked down a lane that lead into Crythin Gifford. \"There were times,\" Grahame said to Sam, \"when there was a thunderstorm, Callie would always come into my room and sleep for the night. When the storm passed, she would sneak back into her room and act like nothing had happened. My father was sometimes strict about my sister coming into my room to sleep during a thunderstorm.\" A smile broke upon his face that suddenly faded into a gloom. \"You must miss her.\" Sam said to him placing a hand on his shoulder. \"Every day,\" Grahame stopped walking and looked to the floor where he shed a tear that fell and made a faint plop on the ground. \"Not just my sister, but my parents. People say you move on eventually, though no one ever does, there will always be a part of you that never fully heals when you lose someone. You never ever truly move on, you just make yourself believe that you can, after some time, you tell yourself that you have moved on and you begin to trust in yourself that you have left the past behind. But the past has a way of returning to your life in some shape or form.\" Grahame sighed and breathed heavily. The wounds of his past never did heal, he kept telling himself that he had moved on, but a huge gaping hole that should not have been a whole in his life remained there and forever will until his death. Revenge of Grahame Kipps As they walked into the village centre, a small crowd had gathered and were talking rather quietly. This caught both Sam's and Grahame's attention, both of them walked over and demanded to know what was going on. A shy timid man approached them. He was wearing a filthy miner's cap that he took off and held it to his chest to which then he faced Grahame. \"Please forgive us sir.\" He said in a Scottish accent. \"But a few hours ago, we just…\" he seemed too scared to even mention what happened. \"What is it?\" Grahame said pressing for an answer. \"Well sir, you see, Mr. Damien gathered together a mob, and we, well sir, we marched upon Eel Marsh house.\" \"You did what?\" Grahame said appalled. The man explained everything that had happened, from the death of the three men to those who walked away and to those who carried on up to Eel Marsh house. \"They were going to burn down the house see, Mr. Damien wanted to teach Jennet a lesson, he was hoping that burning down the house will stop her in her tracks and prevent her from killing our children.\" \"That stupid man,\" Grahame said infuriated. \"What is he thinking?\" \"Will burning down Eel Marsh house solve anything?\" Sam asked him. \"No,\" he instantly said. \"Burning a building won't do anything at all. Jennet is only here because she is using her anger and jealousness to force herself to remain in this world. We need to get up to the house and stop Mr. Damien from doing something drastic. Though I fear we may already be too late.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sam sped up the road in his automobile, Grahame holding on for dear life. \"You think Jennet will attack them?\" he asked. \"She has already killed three people, and she tried to kill me as well back at the church, I wouldn't be surprised if her mode and methods of killing have now moved onto adults.\" This shook Grahame slightly. The thought that Jennet now killing adults as opposed to children just meant that now she was capable of anything. \"Why move onto killing adults?\" Sam said, he was now confused, not mention sacred for his own life. \"She must be getting desperate in trying to be rid of me, Mr. Damien is just a fool who has gotten in the way, and getting rid of his mob will be easy for Jennet. Those who left were smart. Imagine it: Jennet kills off all men in Crythin Gifford, leaving the women to fend for themselves, Jennet kills the women of Crythin Gifford leaving the children all alone, Jennet gets her heart desire,\" \"The children,\" Sam said. Grahame nodded. \"Let's hope it doesn't come to that.\" Grahame said to him. Sam increased speed, Grahame saw the trees pass his windows, they were but green and grey blurs. Grahame wanted to get there quickly and Sam wanted to make sure he did get there quickly. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sam drove and came slowly to a halt. \"What the hell happened here?\" he asked looking through the front window. He brought the car to a stop. Both he and Grahame quickly stepped out from the automobile and looked down the path of Nine Line's Causeway. Littered along the path were a series of bodies, all lying motionless in the path. Some looked unharmed and unscathed, whilst others looked completely battered and covered in blood. \"My god,\" Sam said, he turned to look at Grahame who was looking out into the marsh. Grahame saw a group of bodies lying face down in the mud, slowly being eaten away as their bodies sank deeper and deeper into the mud. \"Holy…\" Sam said looking at the sight he saw through his green eyes. \" Jennet! \" Grahame fumed. \"You think she did this?\" Sam asked in a non-belief way. \"Of course she did.\" Grahame walked up to one of the men, knelt down and rolled the body over, the man's neck was broken and his fists were raw and bloodied with parts of the skin broken and hanging off in some places. He examined the body before moving onto another one. Most of the men had similar bruises on their hands, he came to conclusion that a battle went on here, a vicious mob fight perhaps. \"I don't think Jennet killed these people by herself,\" Grahame said. Sam looked at him, awaiting more to his theory. \"There is nothing paranormal about this lot, because this lot beat themselves to death.\" \"They fought themselves?\" Sam asked. \"Why?\" he was confused, baffled by what Grahame had deduced. \"I said that Jennet has powers of persuasion, she must have inflicted something on these people which caused them to fight each other,\" \"Hallucination you mean?\" Sam asked, it sounded plausible. \"Maybe,\" replied Grahame. \"But unless we can find someone who has hopefully survived, maybe we can paint a picture on what has happened here. If someone has survived maybe we can find a clue on how to put an end to Jennet for good,\" \"I thought you already found a way to finish her off?\" Sam asked suspiciously. \"I have, but I am not keen on using it, what I have in mind I don't want to use unless I have to,\" \"And what is this idea of yours?\" Sam asked again hoping that Grahame will share his plan for getting rid of Jennet. \"We need to keep looking to see if anyone has survived.\" Grahame said getting up and looking among the bodies, he kept refraining from telling Sam what his plan for getting rid of Jennet was. Revenge of Grahame Kipps It taken all but half an hour for Grahame and Sam to find any survivors of whatever happened on the Nine Lines Causeway, but hope dwindled as each body turned up fruitless. \"This is hopeless,\" Sam said to Grahame. \"We should give up,\" \"There are more people left to check, keep looking.\" Grahame called to him further up the path. Sam sighed in frustration, but he knew that Grahame was right, maybe somewhere amongst the bodies, someone was still trying to cling to life. Sam walked in and out of the bodies, searching with a keen eye to see if anyone was still alive. His back was turned when something gripped his ankle, he span around to see a man wheezing spitting out blood from his mouth. \"Sssss…sssss…sssss…\" the man was trying to say something. \"Over here!\" called Sam. Grahame rushed over and knelt down to the man's side. \"It's Mr. Damien,\" Sam said. \"We should get him back to the village.\" \"You go ahead; I'm staying here in case anyone else is alive.\" \"Will you be alright on your own?\" Sam asked concerned. \"Don't worry about me,\" Grahame told him. \"What if Jennet comes along?\" \"Then,\" Grahame said thinking. \"I'll just have some fun while I am at it,\" he smiled cockily. Sam pulled a face, carried Harold back to his automobile while Grahame continued his search for more survivors that was littered across the Nine Lives Causeway. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Back at the Gifford Arms, Sam sat down next to Harold Damien, his eyes wide in shock still. Not even the whiskey or a pint of Ale seemed to sooth his nerves. He was shaking uncontrollably; Sam had to steady his grip when he took a sip of his whiskey. \"The cries they made, the shrieks, the shouts…those god unearthly screams that sounded like wailing banshees in the night,\" Harold's voice quaked. \"I led those people to their deaths, me , and all because of that stupid slut of a Ghost, Jennet.\" Harold said looking at a spot on the table. \"Mr. Damien, you must not blame yourself, Jennet is far much to blame here than you, she used you, tempted you to go up to the house, she wanted exactly what she wanted you to do, and that was to fall into her plan and trap.\" \"And I fell for it,\" he said in but a whisper. \"I fell for it hook line and sinker.\" Sam sighed. \"I should have just allowed Grahame to do his job, why didn't I just listen to him, if I had listened to him, none of this would have happened.\" Harold moaned. \"Listen, Grahame will put this right, and no sooner will you see that you had no part in those others who killed themselves. That was Jennet, not you! Do you understand?\" Slowly, Harold nodded his head thrice. Sam ordered another round hoping to drown Harold's grief from him. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame returned some mere two hours after, where he saw Sam and Harold sitting at the far side of the Tavern, with them was a young black haired girl; this had to be none other than Harold's wife who had her arms wrapped around him. Sam saw Grahame standing by the entrance, got up and walked over to him. \"How is he?\" Grahame asked. \"Still a bit shaken,\" Sam replied. \"I don't think I have ever seen anyone more guilt ridden before in my life,\" Grahame nodded in retrospect to what Sam just said. \"Did you find anyone else alive?\" Grahame nodded gloomily. He ran his hands through his thick black hair, he noticed small specs of dandruff fall helplessly to the floor, he hadn't had a haircut, nor a bath or shower for…in fact he couldn't remember when he last had a bath, or a shave for that matter. \"Most of the villagers are sending teams with carts and horses up to Nine Lives Causeway before the tide comes in and washes the bodies away to sea. I moved as many as I could off the path, some had already sank into the boggy marsh, there was nothing I could do for them,\" \"No trouble from Jennet then?\" Grahame shook his head while sticking out the bottom of his lip. \"She didn't seem to bother with me when I was moving the bodies, nor did I see her, which was odd in itself. I would have thought she would at least make an attempt to attack me or something unholy.\" \"Just be glad she didn't.\" Sam said. Grahame seconded his notion. \"I feel sorry for the women who have lost their children and now their husbands.\" Grahame said. \"Just by looking at the number of deaths, that must be quarter of the men here who have now been killed.\" Sam said calculating the number of deaths in the village. \"How many more until Jennet wipes us out?\" \"I am hoping she won't, but she is forcing my hand to use the…the thing I that want to use to stop her in her tracks,\" Grahame said whispering. \"You never told me how you are going to get rid of her,\" Grahame looked at him darkly. \"I didn't say I was going to get rid of her, I said stop her in her tracks,\" Grahame corrected Sam. He said nothing more after this. \"What did you find out from him?\" Grahame said thrusting his head in the direction of Harold and his wife. \"Well,\" Sam began before he swallowed in a lungful of air. \"Apparently most of the men left after three men died, which we already knew of course, and then shortly after most of the men left, Harold mentioned those who were left started seeing things that apparently played tricks on their eyes. They said that they saw black masses all around, some say they saw Jennet, others claimed they saw the children that Jennet killed. Then without any warning, the remaining mob just went berserk and started beating and killing each other, violently.\" \"So Jennet can make people see what she wants them to see,\" Grahame said amused. \"Clever, also clever of her to make use of those black masses as well, \" \"You mentioned seeing black masses, what are they?\" Sam asked. \"I thought they were Jennet, but its power more than anything, a malevolent force, conjured up by Jennet, an effective way to get rid of someone if you don't want your hands drenched in blood or are too lazy to even bother kill yourself.\" Grahame replied. \"She relies too much on her power than anything else lately, back at the church all she hand to do was point at a beam and wham, I get crushed, but not enough to kill me,\" \"I am surprised you managed to survive that,\" Sam said to him smiling. \"Guess I have someone watching over me,\" Grahame said. Sam cocked his head to the side slightly confused. \"I will tell you another time. But right now I need a drink,\" \"Allow me to get if for you.\" Sam said walking up to the bar and ordering a pint of Ale for himself and Grahame. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Together Grahame and Sam sat down drinking their drinks from filthy looking mugs with frothy looking ale. Though the ale tasted sweet and bitter, it was surprisingly a real pick-me-up for Grahame who wasn't one to take to alcohol or any type of liquor. \"My son Nicholas would have been about the same age as Arthur's son, roughly, give or take two or three years. I remember before this whole ordeal happened, I and Elisabeth were just so happy, we always wanted a child, and Nicholas was so…he was perfect when Elisabeth gave birth to him. We honestly felt as if we had been blessed.\" Sam took a huge gulp of his Ale, and from that one gulp, Grahame saw the drink taking its effect instantly, he saw his hazel green eyes droop, and his voice slurred. \"B-but before all this killing of c-children, I just regarded it as s-s-supetitious n-nonsense,\" His voice became slurred that Grahame had a hard time working out what he was saying, he did however noticed that Sam pronounced 'superstitious' wrong, but that was the drink talking. \"t-then,\" Sam said taking another gulp of his ale. \"Jennet came along and took him from me; he was j-just on the beach with a friend and they s-say that the tide caught 'em off guard. B-But I know it was Jennet.\" Grahame continued to listen to him. \"S-sometimes, I cry myself to sleep because of what happened to N-nicholas, even when Elisabeth says he shpeaks frew her, I can shometimes…feel as iff, I can feel him around me too.\" slurred Sam. \"And I think you need to take it easy on the ale. Come on let's get you home,\" Grahame said getting up and walking around the other side of the table to him. During that short moment, Grahame had never seen Sam speak about his son like this, nor how much he seemed to miss him. As Grahame helped Sam up, his ears caught the attention of some people outside. He sat Sam back down. \"Keep an eye on him,\" Grahame shouted at the barman behind the bar. Grahame quickly rushed out of the tavern and followed most of the crowd to the square. \"What is going on?\" he asked one of the many villagers. \"There is some child threatening to cut their throat,\" \" Shit! \" Grahame said and he sped off, pushing past some of the villagers, desperately trying to get to this unknown child who was mere moments away from slitting their own throat, most likely under the control of Jennet. Soon Grahame arrived in the square where a crowd was already circled around the child, but Grahame couldn't see the child. Murmurs filled his ears, and his desperation to get to the centre and stop this child killing themselves from the grip of Jennet churned in his stomach as bile was beginning to form within him. Finally breaking his way through the walls of fat, small and stinky villagers Grahame breached the centre. There he saw a young girl, a knife placed firmly to her neck. Grahame edged a bit closer, and saw standing behind her, Jennet. There was something odd about Jennet's appearance, she did not have her veil over her face, it was folded over the back of her head. Her pale face was like that of a flesh living ghost with piercing black lifeless eyes, like an abyss. But what was more startling and uncomforting to Grahame was that Jennet appeared to be smiling at him, her white pale lips stretched into the most evil and darkest smile he had ever seen. Jennet panned her head suddenly towards the young girl; everyone in square looked at Grahame and the young girl. But when he got a very good look at the girl, his heart thumped against his ribcage so hard, that he was sure his heart was going to break his rib cage altogether. Grahame felt himself breathe heavily, and like a balloon he inflated and deflated. \" Don't, you dare! \" Grahame warned Jennet before his eyes settled on Emma, her face transfixed into a trance like state. A/N: Yep, that was the twist, so what is going to happen? You will find out in the next chapter, which will be next Sunday, as I seem to be uploading more frequently on a Sunday, so see you then. Reviews would be nice. SoulVirus.[Chapter 16] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: I got the shock of my life a few days back, as I always check up on my stories on who is reading them and that, the reviews for this story jumped from 29 to 41 within a day, and all those reviews is due to one person who I shall thank in a minute. I on the other hand found this chapter to be quite a challenge, you will find out why soon enough, and feel free to say whatever you want at the end of the chapter in the review box. In Response: to LadyLuly thanks again for the review, in answer to your review, well, you get your answer this chapter. To DarknessBloodAngel , thank you so much for all the reviews you sent me, thanks to you my review count for this story shot up from 29 to 41; in return, I shall have to read one of your stories now as a thank you. No sign on Anera527 recently, probably busy, then again aren't we all. Hoping you are okay and well Anera527 . Right, enough ranting, on with the story. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 15 His fears had now been brought before him, and it was being shown in front of crowded residents, which was taking it a step too far. Grahame's brown eyes were moving from Emma to Jennet with rapid pace. \" Let her go! \" Grahame shouted. Jennet shook her head slowly. She may have been afraid of him, but now she had him right she needed him. \"Your battle is with me, not Emma, let her go!\" Grahame warned. \"You think you can stop me, Grahame Kipps!\" Emma said. Something in her voice did not sound right, it did not sound like Emma, though it was spoken from her mouth. Grahame had grown accustomed to hearing Emma's voice, it had a slight edge of courage, bravery and valour to it, the tone that Grahame heard from it now was…soft, malevolent…pure evil. It was the voice of Jennet, though Emma's voice was being used. \"Oh!\" Grahame said amusingly. \"Using her as a translator are you? Lip synchronizing is it? Nicholas does that when he is speaking through Elisabeth, picked it up from him did you?\" Grahame said throwing as many questions after question as he could to stall Jennet from doing…Grahame did not want to think ahead. \"You are brave, smart, but foolish,\" Jennet's voice said coming from Emma's mouth. \"Oh, believe me, I am not foolish, you are the one who is foolish, you shouldn't have killed my cousin, then we wouldn't be having this problem of me and you bumping into each other all the time.\" \"Alice did this, she took my child–\" \"Yes, your sister and her husband took your child because you were mentally unstable, you demanded your sister to bring him back but one night a disastrous accident happened. Nathaniel died on the marsh just short of your house. Your sister and her husband left him for dead. Or maybe they actually did try and save him, I do not know, but you shouldn't be doing this, killing children, if you want to take it up on someone, you should be taking it up with your dead sister!\" \"What use is she when she is dead?\" the possessed Emma asked. \"You're a Ghost, a being of incredible power, you could just use your power to torture her in the Netherworld, and wouldn't that be easier? Punish Alice for all eternity and her husband. Look at these children,\" now Grahame was talking directly to Jennet herself, though to the residents around him, it just looked like he was talking to himself, though they clearly knew he was talking to her. \"Look at the children Jennet; they have done no harm, what harm could they possibly be to you?\" Grahame asked. Jennet's Ghostly black eyes looked around the whole of the square, where she saw children nestled closely to their parents. \"You cut their lives short, and for what, for vengeance, jealousy, to prove a point?\" Jennet listened to what Grahame was saying. \"Are you really that cold, that evil, that mentally unstable that you cannot let go of the past and accept it?\" Jennet's eyes for the first time in so very long, shed a tear, not her usual weeping, it was an actual tear of sadness, and if Grahame was mistaken – though he was sure he was not – he swore he saw proper sadness in her eyes, and for that brief moment, evil had suddenly vanished from her eyes, possibly her soul. \"It's okay to be angry at Death, Jennet. You are not the only one who has lost a child; others have lost children before you were born, before you were even conceived. You are not the only one who feels like this, but killing children, because of vengeance and any other matter…is inhuman and ungodly in its own right. I can see you are not only just killing for vengeance, but you are killing to prove a point, and I think that point has been proven, don't you?\" Jennet's eyes seemed to stray off into thought. Had the village really understood Jennet's point in what she was doing? Had she really gotten through to them? She didn't know. \"Just accept everything that has happened. Do not hold a grudge against what has happened, but use it for your own benefit. Use it to try and make a better life, use it as a reminder for past mistakes. Use it against Alice and her husband if you must, but stop with the killings, these people do not need to live in fear of you anymore, move on and start anew. Unless you would rather be known forever as Jennet, the scorned-jealous-pitiful-no-good-for-nothing-evil-devil known as The Woman in Black for all eternity, do you? And I doubt Hell itself would want you lurking in its domains for eternity either. It's up to you know Jennet, what do you want, for this to stop? Or to live forever with the fact that nothing will make up for the fact that Alice and her husband were the ones who left Nathaniel, your son, to die?\" Jennet took her time to answer, a deathly silence swept through the whole village, the wind seemed to stop whistling, the breathing of the villagers were held within their own bodies, the crows and trees remained silent and still as Jennet made her decision. As what felt like eternity passed, Jennet raised her head and looked at Grahame, she smiled at him, but it wasn't a majestic smile. Grahame knew that look, the evil in her had returned. \"I. WILL. NEVER . FORGIVE!\" Her voice said as it came blasting out of Emma's mouth. The knife in which Emma held against her own throat, moved quickly across her neck. Grahame's face lost all colour, not even white could sustain the sudden shock that ran through him like electricity. Right there and then, everything stopped, time, age, cause and defect, everything just paused. Grahame felt like the epicentre of an explosion, and everywhere he looked, the faces of the villagers, their faces contorted and shaped in repulsion, alarm, distress, to turning back to look at Jennet who smiled continuously at him. His eyes returned to Emma, the knife now was ending its journey across her neck where a black mark that slowly seeped with red blood oozed through the wound. Time slowed…then continued to move on. Emma collapsed to the floor. Her descent was quick but slow at the same time, and like a earth cracking shudder, Grahame felt her body slam to the floor causing the floor to shake and ripple all around him. Grahame broke into a run. He ran straight over to Emma but stopped short as his legs gave way under him, forcing him to crawl over to Emma. The whole crowd gasped, some women screamed, some cried. The men just looked on in shock, and paleness. Grahame had reached Emma, he lifted her head, and he stared deep into her now blue lifeless eyes. Blood continued to pour from the huge gash around her neck from where she slit her own throat. Her blood had found its way onto Grahame's hands. \"No, no, no, not you, a-anyone b-but y-you… \" Grahame found it hard to breath; tears flooded his eyes causing his vision to become blurred. He could not breathe through his nose as it was now blocked with mucus. His hands were shaking. \"Emma, n-not y-you …\" Grahame hiccupped. \" A-anyone but…!\" Grahame felt absolutely lifeless, he felt so empty, shock – if he could call it shock – sadness – though not what he would call sadness – all the emotions that one goes through when they have seen death or lost a love one, seemed to have left him, his mind seemed to want to spare him the pain of Emma's death. Jennet was still present, and she watched Grahame cry like a child, a baby over a dead girl's lifeless body. Grahame buried his head as he cradled Emma's body. He lifted his head to look at Jennet, and then she signed to him. Her sign to him was, \" Funny how people keep dying around you, isn't it, Grahame? \" She smiled at him and proceeded to walk away. Grahame laid Emma on the floor and kissed her forehead gently like a loving father putting his daughter to bed for the last time. Anger began to vent from him, so much anger that he felt not human anymore, he felt like a demon more than anything with the anger that was now brewing up inside him and was ready to be unleashed upon the world like a raging volcano about to blow its top. Just in a fraction of a second, the only emotion that was present in him now was complete and utter anger. \" Jennet! \" he called to her with such dander. Jennet stopped in her wake. In the calling of her name, Jennet shook with fear; somewhere deep in Grahame's voice was a tone that she had not heard of felt before. It was the tone that caused her entire ghostly form to fizz and waver slightly with the wind. Grahame got up to face her. \" Look at me! \" he said to her, her back to him. The tone in his voice was not evil and not good. It held no emotion to it. Jennet turned around slowly, and before she knew it, she was facing Grahame, his face droopy and his eyes were blotched red from his crying. Jennet was far paler than usual, and Grahame saw and knew that she was afraid; she had made a big mistake, the mistake that could cost her dearly. Grahame grinned devilishly at her. Jennet had always felt safe even in her ghostly form, she knew that she couldn't be touched or laid a finger on, but now with Grahame in her midst, she actually feared for her own existence. \"You shouldn't have done that!\" Grahame vented. \"And now you have just brought a whole lot of worse things on your head,\" There was fear in her eyes that Grahame scoffed and smirked at. \"Now then Jennet, time for fun and games are over, it is time we sat down and talked things through…see you at the house!\" Grahame said to her. With this Jennet vanished, leaving Grahame staring at the spot where Jennet had been, and standing in the centre with a dead adopted girl and residents of Crythin Gifford all looking at him. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Night had fallen, and Emma's body was now lying covered in a white sheet at the bottom of the cold tavern in the Gifford Arms which now served as a morgue for those who died previously. Whilst back at the Daily's home, Grahame held a glass of whisky in his hand, his grip tightened over the glass which shattered in his hand, drenching his non bandaged hand, luckily this time, he didn't cut himself. He went over to the counter poured himself yet another glass of whiskey, brought the glass to his lips before throwing it towards the furthest wall where the glass shattered into shards. Grahame picked up the whole glass whiskey bottle and threw it the nearest wall before he flipped over the table causing all contents, cups of glasses and other assortments of objects on the table which went crashing and smashing to the floor with rage. He unleashed an ungodly scream towards the heavens, cursing God and its angels, and even cursing Jennet for her stupidity to allow him to help her. Sam – who was now sober – came rushing into the room to settle him down before he caused any more damage. \"Grahame,\" Sam said grabbing him on the arms and forcing him to face him. \"Grahame, look at me, LOOK AT ME!\" Grahame looked into his green hazel eyes. \"Listen, I am sorry about what happened, but this, throwing a fit, isn't going to help, it never does. When Nicholas died I…I suffered the same effect that you are going through now,\" \"I promised myself that I would look after her, I was meant…\" Grahame sobbed. \"It is always a parent's burden to protect our child, even when we try to protect our children, we have to face the fact that we cannot always be there to save or protect them. I wasn't there to save Nicholas, I couldn't save your cousin, and your cousin couldn't save Joseph. We have to accept that as parents, we cannot always be around to look after our children,\" Sam reasoned. Grahame breathed heavily, and he collapsed onto the floor. \"How did she…?\" Grahame wanted to know how Emma left the house. \"Archer was looking after her when, Jennet must have made her way here knocked him out, and took control of Emma. Elisabeth was out at that time, sleeping, she took some pills to help her sleep,\" Grahame sighed heavily. He stood up; where he had got this strength he had no idea. \"What are you doing?\" Sam asked. \"I have had enough,\" Grahame whispered. \"What?\" Sam frowned. \"Jennet has just crossed the line. Now there is no force on heaven or earth, or hell for that matter, which can save her from me!\" \"What are you going to do, Grahame?\" \"Do what I should have done in the first place: stop her in her tracks!\" Sam watched him leave the room, he pursued after him, and he heard the front door slam shut. Sam threw the door open, he saw Grahame jump into his vehicle, he looked to the side table that was placed just inside the doorway, Grahame had taken his keys. The vehicle gave a jolt and Grahame reversed the car out of the drive and down the pebbled path and out of sight. \" Archer! \" Sam called. \"Archer, make yourself scarce!\" Archer came running into the entrance hall. \"How may I assist you sir?\" \"Requisition a vehicle or a horse and cart; just find me something to will get me up to Eel Marsh House,\" \"But the tide–\" \" Just do it! \" Sam ordered. Archer taken aback by what Sam just said, bowed and made off trying to find any means of transportation that will get him up to Eel Marsh house as soon as possible, running was out of the question, Sam would have lost all energy if he ran, he was not that athletic. But right now he was far concerned about Grahame and what he was going to do up at Eel Marsh House to be concerned about his health at the moment. He knew that Grahame was upset, though he had never seen anyone as upset when they lost a child as Grahame, Grahame was upset yes, but he wasn't exactly mourning or grieving, he was angry, and he was going to take his anger out on Jennet. Sam knew that anger held consequences, even after the death of child or a loved one. But Sam knew Grahame well enough now, he knew he had lead a difficult life, he knew that he had seen countless of deaths, he knew he had grieved many times, and that he knew that Grahame was used to it, however this was different. Emma meant something to Grahame in a way that Sam could never understand. Adopting Emma meant more than the world to him, and he had been a father figure for only a short amount of time, maybe that was why Grahame had shot off in a hurry, to get Jennet to pay for what she did in not allowing him any time to become a parent. Sam also knew that Grahame's wife was expecting a child, how this tied into Grahame stopping Jennet he did not know exactly. Seeing Grahame leave so suddenly meant that being left alone, without anyone to look out for him in case he did something stupid, Grahame could end up endangering himself, or maybe even worse: get himself killed. Sam had to be with him, he had to look for him, and needed to leave quickly. Grahame's life may already be in danger the more he waited for Archer to find a means of transport. A/N: Yep, I know, and now I shall await your reviews on what you thought of this chapter, which I am dreading by the way. Reviews would be nice, and by nice I mean nice , please be nice :S Anyway, see you next Sunday that is if I am still alive. He he he…oh boy. SouVirus.[Chapter 17] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: We get to see the full wrath of Jennet's power in this chapter as I bring you Part 1 of 2 of the ultimate battle between Grahame and Jennet. In Response: to LadyLuly , Anera527 and DarknessBloodAngel , I got the reactions I was looking for when I killed off Emma, trust me, I did not want to kill her, but I had to. Anyhoo, thank you for your reviews, and to answer you dying questions on: Will Emma be a ghost? What will happen to Grahame's unborn child? What is this plan of his for Jennet? And any other dying questions you have asked recently, most of these questions you will find out in this chapter, depending on what your question was, the others…in the last two chapters remaining. TWO! TWO! Well, enough of me and onto the chapter. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 16 With the sky getting darker and darker, Grahame noticed very little of his surroundings as he drove as fast as he could – almost as if his life was nearing its end – up to Eel Marsh house. What was surprising to him was that he could drive the automobile that Sam had driven countless of times. He remembered very little with about drive through the lanes and across Nine Lives Causeway, which was now body free. Grahame slammed on the accelerator before coming to a skidding halt where the automobile swerved and almost toppled over. He threw open the car door and slammed it tight behind him and looked up the path of overgrown branches and bushes. He sighed, narrowed his eyes and walked up the path which seemed to shiver in the wind and crumble to dust from the slight touch of his skin. If Grahame didn't know any better, it seemed that the whole of the path and trees and branches before him were scared to death of him for what he was about to do. Soon the path before him branched out and separating him from the house where Jennet lived was the overgrown patch of grass. As he walked slowly across the overgrown patch of grass, a soft blow of wind blew at him, shivery and spine tingling. Grahame looked around half expecting to see Jennet standing behind him – or somewhere close by. However, she was nowhere near. Grahame turned to face back at the front of the house where standing by the single doorsteps were the pale ghost children that Jennet had killed previously. Emma was one of them. He shed a tear for her. Seeing her as one of Jennet's collection, really got to him, it did not sit well to see Emma as some sort of trophy forever trapped in limbo, in an existence between life and death, words failed Grahame as he tried to sum up in one word how he felt seeing Emma now a part of Jennet's collection. Grahame looked up at the many windows and saw Jennet looking down upon him. Grahame narrowed his eyes and gave Jennet a full evil smile, one that rivalled that of her evil smiles that she gave once in a while. Grahame walked towards the steps of the front door of the house. Before he stepped onto the stone step, he turned to face Emma and said. \"I am going to avenge you.\" Emma's ghost said nothing, but smiled at him. \"All of you.\" he said them. \"I am going to avenge all of you, and that's a promise, you deserve to rest in peace, not suffer\" with that he ascended the stone steps which now felt like more of a series of steps that one would find in a house. He hadn't been back to the house in while and he seemed to have forgotten what the house and its foundations looked like, moreover he felt somewhat puny and small, and he felt as if he was going into a giant's house more than that of a haunted house. In the short time that passed – which in Grahame's view felt like eternity – he reached the top steps, the glares of the children burrowing into the back of his skull. He turned back to face them, the looks on their faces telling him to put an end to Jennet, their eyes were practically begging him to get her to let them move on rather than to be left alone on this earth instead of being trapped like flies in a spider's web. For one last time, his eyes set on Emma and, instantly he thought of what life would have been like had he stopped Jennet and taken Emma back to London to be with Ffion, his wife. Emma Kipps, it had a ring to it. He wondered what life would have been like had Emma survived and lived out her entire life with him as his adopted daughter. He would never find out now. Now was the time to meet the killer who took away that life from Emma, and from him. He knew how he was going to stop Jennet, and he held nothing back. This was not to avenge his brother's death anymore; it was revenge, his revenge, his revenge for seeing too many people die, his parent's, his cousin, his adopted daughter, his revenge against death. If death wasn't going to leave him alone, then retaliation was now a compulsory reason, starting with Jennet was a good place to start his revenge, and he was going to get it. Revenge of Grahame Kipps He came! Jennet thought to herself. But, he wasn't meant to. He wasn't meant to come! Looking down from the window at Grahame, she saw at the front door the children that she had killed and kept against their will. She was hoping that Grahame would leave Crythin Gifford and leave her alone to do her work, or maybe even commit suicide, but no, here he was, walking up to the door. She had always felt in control, and she always felt like a winner, she could do anything she wanted, and she got what she wanted. She found that scaring people was easy; she even found that Arthur was easy to scare and yet she managed to get rid of him pretty easily, too easily in fact. But now there was Grahame, and he was nothing like she expected him to be. He was different. He was…impossible to comprehend or even predict. She knew he was a paranormal investigator, as of late however, she was not so sure what kind of paranormal investigator. She had met his match with Grahame quite a few times; he had talked to her when no other person would have. He seemed to figure out her powers of influence and mind tricks, he was clever, far too clever, in fact he was brilliant, and yet, in her eyes, he seemed to be winning. Even now she felt as if she was losing the battle with him, and it was just now a never ending fight or war between them, one where neither could win nor lose, just a pointless battle between two fractions of beings on earth: a Human and a Ghost locked in a never ending war. What have I done? Jennet thought to herself. She had killed Emma and now she was realizing that that was a mistake to have even made. She had no idea that it would cause Grahame to come back to the house and confront her in…whatever it was he had in mind. If he was here to stop her, maybe even kill her, if he had knowledge to kill a ghost permanently, wiping her from existence, she had to stop him, kill him if necessary. She had to prepare herself, take arms as it were. But then again, she had all the power she needed. She heard the front door click and squeak open. Grahame was now in the house. Revenge of Grahame Kipps He peeped through the door and into the dark, dusty, cobwebbed home of Eel Marsh house for what he hoped was for the last and final time. This was it , he thought to himself, the final showdown . The door continued its journey to open itself wide. Grahame took his last step by entering into the entrance hall of Eel Marsh house. Behind him he could still see the children that Jennet had killed. The door closed on its own accord, and Grahame's eyes remained on Emma's ghost as the door closed shut quietly in front of him. Grahame breathed out slightly, took a quick look around and made his plan on how he was going to stop Jennet. He was surprised that she was not in the entrance hall to meet him. It didn't take him long that the only place he would find and could speak to Jennet would be the nerve centre of the house, and that would be Nathaniel's room. He deduced that after his brief stay at the house that Jennet was highly attached to this room. Making his way upstairs and across the landing towards the room, where the door was left wide open, Grahame took his time, cautiously looking over his back so as to not expect to be sneaked upon by Jennet. Within moments, he was at the door of Nathaniel's room, he peered inside. Again he expected to see Jennet standing in the room, the room where she took her own life. Grahame looked around, he entered, and, not thinking or worrying about the consequences, he sat down in the black rocking chair that was placed in front of the window. There he sat gently rocking himself back and forth in the darkness, looking at most times out of the window where the black sky seemed to be alight briefly with a faint misty white glow from the moons shining surface. He had no idea what he was doing apart from the fact that he had quite enough of this deranged – if he could call her deranged – spirit from taking children's lives just because she lost her own son. After what his cousin had done to stop her violent killing and reuniting her with her own son and then only to have her take control of Arthur's son to kill him – the end result was having Arthur and his own son killed by a train – played dangerously in the territory of Grahame Kipps's hands. And Emma, don't forget Emma! His mind yelled at him. How could he forget Emma? The only good thing he had to fatherhood was Emma, and she was taken from him. Her throat slit under the powers of Jennet, and that played so close to an eternity of inferno had Grahame been given the power to control the outcome of every single Human, Ghost and Spirits outcome, and Jennet would be tortured for eternity upon end. No, she would be tortured even after all life ended. Revenge of Grahame Kipps And then there was Jennet, she appeared in the room, and Grahame could sense it, and she watched him, curiously wondering what he had in store. He sat in the dark waiting for something, anything to happen. He sat in the same rocking chair as Jennet would have sat in years ago when she was watching her son sleep. Jennet, seeing Grahame sitting in her chair was playing dangerously close in her territory. Jennet waited for the right moment to act, she ran through in her mind the many scenarios of what could happen now that Grahame was here. She didn't want to kill, but she wanted him to suffer. She thought and thought. Let's see how this plays out, she thought to herself. Revenge of Grahame Kipps A human and a vengeful spirit at war with each other, Grahame could not even begin to put into words how that would look in the eyes of professional paranormal investigators. All paranormal investigators had to do was investigate the paranormal, report with their surroundings and then find a way to make things better – un-Para normalize them as it was. The night was dark still and only the pale brightness of the moon brought light through the window of Eel Marsh House, the black spooky white chalky sky seemed to have disappeared, and Grahame sat in Jennet's rocking chair still, hoping that she would show herself to him. Placed by the door to where Jennet's son would have slept, a monkey with tiny little symbols clanged playfully. Grahame turned his head slowly towards the toy monkey which made nothing but a dreadful and terrible clanging noise. His vision began to fade to black, but only then did he notice that it was not his eyesight, but the room was going dark. The old curtains were being drawn shut on their own accord. WHAM! Grahame turned to see that the bedroom door had closed behind him. He sighed heavily as anger coursed through his entire body. This is it. \"Ready to talk are we?\" Grahame said standing up from the rocking chair. \"Jennet!\" he said her name violently with spite. Grahame turned around and saw a shadow, an outlined figure standing in the dark with a black veil placed over her face, Jennet's white grey pale face illuminated in the dark slightly through her dark patterned veil. Grahame's light blue eyes glistened in the dark as his eyes narrowed at the sight of Jennet – The Woman in Black. Jennet stared back at him, both of them locked in a staring contest of sorts, not one of them daring to blink. \"You know there is a saying, 'move on, live and forget', I have met many deaths in my time, so many that my eyes have grown accustomed to seeing death no matter where they look. Although I have learnt to live with the deaths of thousands, I can move on from them, I can learn to live and forget those who had died. But, forgetting those who had died is but an insult in my view, basically you're erasing them from history, if you catch my drift.\" Jennet watched him and listened attentively, what is he doing? \"There is more to live than killing, there more to life than revenge, there is more to life than sulking around in this house thinking that the world revolves around you and that everyone should pity you!\" Grahame walked up to Jennet so that he was nearly face to face with her. \"You think you are the only mother on this earth who had lost a child?\" he asked her this question once again that Jennet was starting to get fed up of hearing Grahame ask that question. \"You think that you are the only mother to have gone through the whole grieving situation, the whole mourning process, I have been there countless of times, Jennet, and even you couldn't begin to imagine what I have been through!\" Jennet's and Grahame's eyes were close together now. Their noses were inches apart. \"You know what I think of you? You are nothing but a spoilt, twisted, pathetic piece of filth, a slut, a bitch, someone who does not give a damn about others, but cares only for herself. You think you are important, you think you are some sort of God? Well, guess what, you are not, you are nothing . Just because you lost a child, you think you can hack yourself off and take it out on others that are so low, so low even for your standard. Look at you, a jealous, spite less tart who thinks that she is the most important person in the world!\" Grahame scoffed. \"You're not important, who'd want to pity you? No one in Crythin Gifford pities you, half of the people beyond the village, nay, the whole world knows who you are, and I doubt they give a rat's arse on if you lost a child or not, to them, you are nothing more than just a story, a myth. Not everyone in the world believes in Ghosts and Spirits. They would bring the killings of children down to…well…let's say psychological reasons rather than paranormal.\" Jennet frowned at him; slowly he was starting to make her angry. \"Face it Jennet, no one is going to listen to you. You are not going to get through to anyone, you are not going to prove your point, just give it up!\" Jennet's eyes narrowed at Grahame, her face became almost lifelike. Grahame noticed that her hands were clenched into fists. Grahame backed away slowly. He wasn't fast enough before Jennet punched him in the chest that he was sent back to the far end of the room and landed onto Nathaniel's bed. Jennet screamed loudly that the bedroom window shattered, she floated towards Grahame her arms outstretched. Grahame luckily managed to swerve around her and sped out of the room. He ran down the hall Jennet just floating casually behind him. Grahame quickly opened a door and shut it tight behind him. He found himself inside a dark bedroom, there was a black four poster king sized bed. This must have been the bedroom where Alice and her husband must have slept. He doubted that it belonged with Jennet. Inside the room, Grahame looked around to see if there was anything for him to use against Jennet, but he knew that fighting a Ghost in combat would be of no use, but he could at least try. In the room was a small fire, Grahame could just about see it through the dim light that the moon was emitting from outside. There by the fire were a set of pokers and long black steel looking poles that were used to tend to the fire in the room. Grahame walked over and picked one up. Suddenly the door began to rattle. Quickly Grahame crawled under the bed and waited there, holding and steadying his breath. He could not believe that he had just pissed off a vengeful Ghost who was now determined to kill him off, if that was what Jennet was planning on doing now. There Grahame saw the door fully open and, there, was the helm of Jennet's black dress. She seemed to walk into the room rather than glide; he heard the footsteps from under her black long dress. He heard her clatter around searching for him. His hand was held firmly onto the poker in his hand. Silence then merged, Jennet, though Grahame did not know seemed to have left, at least he thought she had left. Grahame remained under the bed. Suddenly there was a massive thud on top of him. Jennet was on top of the mattress, she jumped up and down causing the dust under the bed to fall and cover Grahame whole. He did his best from coughing or sneezing as the dust flew into his mouth and up his nose. Something then grabbed his legs and dragged him out from under the bed, looming over him was Jennet, her peach lifelike feature made her even more violent as she stared hard down at Grahame. She screeched loudly at him. Quickly he got up and jumped over the bed. As Jennet watched him run, she held out her hands, her palms facing towards him. As Grahame ran, a gust of wind whiffed passed him, he saw himself being picked up from the floor and sent crashing through the bedroom door which as he went crashing into it broke off its hinges and landed on the wall on the other side. Grahame pushed parts of the broken door off him. He got up and threw the poker at Jennet. The poker flew straight through her abdomen and struck the wall on the other side. Jennet turned to see the poker sticking out of a wall before turning back and smiling rather happily but viciously at Grahame. Grahame moaned and rolled his eyes. Stupid, stupid man, he thought to himself. Jennet flew towards him, Grahame broke into a run. In mere seconds he was at the end of the hallway and ran down the stairs. Jennet watched him; she pointed at the wall with all the frames with pictures on them and caused them all to fall on top of Grahame. As Grahame ran down the stairs he slipped at the second but last step and nearly fell flat on his face had it not been for a nearby cabinet which broke his fall. He looked back up the stairs and saw Jennet standing there, just looking at him. Grahame quickly ran off to the right and straight into the kitchen, something which he knew was going to be a bad idea. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Jennet had saw Grahame head into the direction of the kitchen. Perfect, she thought. The kitchen was the best place to get rid of Grahame, she knew this. She floated down the stairs with ease, and made her way briskly into the dark kitchen. She could not see Grahame in sight, he was probably hiding, where she did not know, but she decided to pry and prod around. What was more peculiar about Grahame was that he was not exactly panicking, at times Jennet could hear the heartbeats of those who saw her, the beatings of their hearts was like music to her ghostly ears, some which she could dance at. But Grahame's was surprisingly steady, in fact it was far too steady that Jennet seemed to have trouble in trying get a fix on where he was. Her black pupils narrowed into slits as she scanned each and every dark corner of the kitchen. He was in here somewhere. The kitchen was deadly silent, not even a single twang or twinge of knifes clattered against each other. Her eyes focused on the table top and then moved her focus towards the kitchen cupboards. Floating with ease across the floor she approached the first cabinet, she squinted her eyes and the doors to the lower row of cabinets opened one by one as she passed, hoping to catch Grahame hiding in one of the dusty and filthy black cabinets that were crawling with spiders and other insects that had made their home there. She waved her hand along the row of upper cupboards that opened all at once, clattering out from the overheard cupboards and crashing on the floor with a clatter and smash, plates and cups shattered into not shards, but more of dust than smashing into shards. Where could he be hiding? She thought. There was not much place to hide in the kitchen, so where was he hiding? This puzzled Jennet. \"YARGH!\" A fearsome yell caused Jennet to spin around, shooting towards her; a thick blade struck her forehead, through her ghostly skull and out of the back of her head. Not a single scar or blood trickled from the wounds. Grahame cursed. He kept forgetting that she was not living and that she was a transparent Ghost with no blood flow flowing through her. Jennet smiled. Her eyes focused on some knives hanging from their hooks. Grahame saw the glittering sharp knives head straight for him. He dove to the floor quickly just as the knives flew over him. Grahame broke into a run. Jennet outstretched her hand and clenched it into a fist towards Grahame. Grahame stopped dead in his tracks before something grabbed him at the scruff of his collar, he felt as if someone had just yanked him off his feet. Glass shattered and a shard struck his cheek. He rolled down some steps before coming to a halt at the base. Jennet had just used her powers to throw Grahame through the kitchen door window. He staggeringly got up, lightly touched his cut on his cheek and ran around the side of the house towards the back. As he ran he groaned suddenly, a sharp pain ran across the right side of his stomach. He reached under his white shirt he was wearing and placed his hand on where the pain was. Something warm and sticky spread onto his hand, when he brought his hand back out, his hand was covered in his own red dark blood, the smell of copper and salt ran up his nose. \" Shit! \" he said to himself. One of the knives must have grazed him, or a shard of glass during his trip through the kitchen door window pierced him. Either way, he was bleeding out. The backyard, though Grahame didn't see it as that, was dark and gloomy, overgrown grass was seen for miles, Grahame could hide in the grass from Jennet for a while, it might throw her off his scent a bit, and then maybe he could sneak back into the house. He quickly made for a bunch of overgrown reeds. He was losing the battle between her. He needed to get her into the nerve of the house that was Nathaniel's bedroom. He needed to end this, quickly. He ducked down and waited for Jennet to appear. A/N: So Grahame dying is a possibility, not saying anything. Reviews will be nice, and I shall see you next Sunday or maybe sooner depending on if I am feeling up to it. SoulVirus.[Chapter 18] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Well, here is the penultimate chapter and the longest chapter by far. So I will keep the Author Notes and that short. In Response: to DarknessBloodAngel for your massive review, and as strange as it sounds I like lengthy reviews the longer they are means how much a reader likes the story, well, that is how it goes in my book, but thank you for the review. And to LadyLuly , a lot of questions you have asked me, mainly if Grahame will survive or not, well, the answer will be brought to light in this chapter. Right I said I was going to keep this short, and now onto part 2 of 2. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Chapter 17 Jennet floated across the grounds to the back of the house. Grahame was not in sight. She never took it into account that Grahame would use the back garden of her home to hide or use against. But all the same, he was out here somewhere. She searched along the length of the house, but there was no sign of him. Grahame saw her and she was heading away from him. He would have gotten up and made a run for the house but the deep wound on the side of his stomach forced him to stay there for a while longer. He felt lightheaded, he was bleeding out slowly, and he felt as if adrenaline was now taking him over. With Jennet moving away from him, he staggeringly and in such pain moved along the long grass and back towards the house, keeping his eye on Jennet who seemed preoccupied by looking into a small ditch further up ahead. Jennet was in fact inspecting a ditch, expecting to see Grahame hiding down there, but the ditch turned up empty handed and that infuriated her. Continuously she swept through the rest of the massive back garden. After some time she noticed a trail of blood dimly glittering in the moonlight. It was stuck to some long green crumbling long grass. A short step away there was another patch of blood. Jennet moved to that area of the blood-stained grass, before long it dawned on her that Grahame must have cut himself, because she saw his blood trail back towards the house, instantly she followed the blood trail. Sooner or later it would lead back to him, that's if he wasn't dead already. As she followed the trial back up to the house, she was getting a kind of thrill from this chase, to her it felt as if she was playing a game of hunt and prey, one where Grahame was the prey, and she was the hunter. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame stumbled into the entrance hall, his hands now covered entirely in his own blood. He was pale and he felt so unlike himself. He threw up a couple of times due to the lack of blood that was now emptying from him. His breathing became shallower. His legs were like jelly and no longer could they hold him up, he fell flat to the floor, his face slamming onto the wooden dusty floorboards. He remembered however that the descent was somewhat slower than he anticipated, the fall was slow but the impact was hard. He struggled to get up, a bruise now formed on his check to where his face smacked the floorboards of the house. He looked on ahead at the front door, his hand reaching out to it, practically willing it to open. Then his arm flopped to the floor and he laid there, his eyes still fixed on the front door. His eyes became blurry and rather suddenly, darkness was staring at him. Revenge of Grahame Kipps Sam came to a stop in the road just short of the path that led up towards the House. He quickly left the car, leaving it running and ran as fast as he could through the tangled knots of reeds, and up the path towards the house, hoping and praying that Grahame was okay. As he walked through the bushes and the unrecognizable path that lead towards the house, he heard the faint moaning's of what sounded like sobs from children. He looked around and saw scattered amongst the breaks in the trees the many children that Jennet had killed during her time as a…whatever it was she considered herself to be. Sam slowed to see all the children, but pushed their sudden appearances aside and continued to run up to the house, praying that Grahame was fine and dandy. Revenge of Grahame Kipps A small speck of light appeared through the darkness, dim at first but brightened as it grew and blinded Grahame to the point that it burnt his blue eyes. A black shadowy figure appeared in front of the bright white light, and streams of majestic lights spread into the darkness that was shrouding Grahame, pushing it back. The figure in question approached him and coming into view was Arthur, the look on his face was saddened and of guilt. \"You should have listened to me Grahame,\" he said in a whisper grabbing hold of Grahame and sitting him up right. Here and now, wherever here and now was, Grahame felt no pain from the wound that was etched across his stomach, but he looked and felt healthy, he felt health and he looked it. \"Why didn't you listen to me?\" Arthur said, crouching on his legs facing Grahame. \"I wanted to avenge you,\" Grahame said to him warily. \"Why?\" \"I am tired of people dying around me Arthur,\" Grahame told him. \"Everywhere I go, look, people always die around me.\" he said this almost breathless. \"Is that why you became a paranormal investigator?\" Arthur asked so majestically. Grahame nodded. \"I wanted to understand Death, why it chooses the unfortunates and why it always seems to shroud me with misery,\" \"Grahame,\" Arthur said laying a hand on his shoulder ever so lightly. \"Just because Death has swept through our family countless of times, does not mean that it wants to make your life a misery,\" Arthur sat in to his side by and placed his arm around Grahame's shoulder. \"The reason why you think Death makes your life a misery, is because you go searching for Death. You are a paranormal investigator, and Death is a part of that job.\" \"But I am supposed to help Spirits and Ghosts and people to make peace and move on,\" Grahame rushed as he spoke that time. \"You can't always help people or paranormal beings, Grahame,\" Arthur sighed. \"At least not Jennet,\" \"There has to be a way!\" Grahame said to him. \"There isn't. Jennet has completely dehumanized herself. She has killed too many children now that her soul is beyond saving.\" Arthur said to him. \"Then what do I do?\" Grahame asked his cousin frustratingly. \"You know what to do, Grahame, you have always known what to do all along,\" Arthur said to him. \"But if you are not sure what to do, then maybe this will convince you otherwise.\" He leant in to his side and whispered something into his ear. A smile broke upon Grahame's face, a sure sign that Grahame through Arthur was now certain of how to stop Jennet. Arthur got up and walked backwards from Grahame never taking his eyes off him and continuously smiling at him as he left the blinding light returned and this time wrapped itself around Grahame, comforting him in a warm glow. Revenge of Grahame Kipps The pain had returned though it felt more like ice, and a mixture of electricity, which was now causing him an irritable itch, before he felt as if he was on fire. Someone was nudging and shaking him. \"Grahame!\" the familiar voice said to him. \"Grahame, are you alright? Speak to me!\" Sam was now worried that Grahame had left him. His body was just sitting there in entrance hall all alone. A small pool of blood was growing on the floor; Sam put pressure on the wound. Grahame groaned before he yelped at the slightest touch that Sam was doing by applying pressure to him. \"Grahame, oh thank God,\" Sam said helping him up. \"Come, we must get out of here.\" \"N-no,\" Grahame said shaking slightly. \"I need to s-stop Jennet,\" \"You have lost blood Grahame; we need to get you some help,\" \"Not until I s-stop Jennet, it is imp-import-ant that I do t-this!\" \"And get yourself killed in the process, not bloody likely, we are get–\" Whatever Sam said next Grahame hadn't the faintest idea, he saw him flying through the air and into the study where the door slammed shut after him. Inside the study, Sam got up and yanked the door open, but it was locked. He started hammering on the door shouting for Grahame to open it and let him out. In the entrance hall, Grahame turned to look and saw Jennet standing at the foot of the stairs lowering her hand from just throwing Sam across the room and into the study. Grahame grabbed hold of a cabinet to steady himself. He sighed heavily. \"Don't you ever get tired of scaring and killing people?\" Grahame asked her. Jennet said nothing. \"I'll take that as a no.\" Grahame said to himself. He pulled himself along the cabinet and towards Jennet, grunting with effort. \"While you are standing there,\" Grahame said straining, \"pay a-attention to what I have t-to s-say, because b-believe me you are g-going to want t-to l-listen.\" Jennet straightened her posture slightly, her hands resting on her stomach, her veil over her face as she watched and listened to Grahame. \"Y-you are a b-bitch,\" he breathed heavily. Instantly Jennet's rage stormed through her. She raised her hand and pointed it at Grahame's heart. \"Oh! Stop it!\" Grahame said with such vile that he spat along his words. \"Really, stop it!\" Grahame etched himself a little closer using anything to help him stand and steady himself. \"I should b-be the one in y-your shoes n-not you!\" Jennet frowned and lowered her hand back to her stomach. Grahame scrunched up his face, he did not feel so good and he felt as if the adrenaline was now the only thing keeping him alert, but it was diminishing. \"Look at you,\" he said, \"full of a-anger, blood, r-rage, jealousy, wants n-nothing but r-revenge, who on this earth c-could outrank you in what you d-do?\" he asked her, though the way he said didn't sound like a question. Grahame grabbed from a nearby pot a dusty black umbrella which he used to keep himself upright. \"Well, I know who o-outranks you, no, let me r-rephrase that, I know who does outrank you…\" Grahame left his words hanging in the air for a few scarce moments, also he felt as if he was getting his strength back slightly also, where this strength came from he did not know, but he was glad it was coursing through him. \" Me! \" he said this with such evil in his voice that it scared Jennet almost. Grahame saw a slight twitch of fear in her eyes as he spoke. \"Seriously though, if you knew my history, you would start to question yourself on why I am not dead and haunting and killing people,\" this time he spoke without having the trouble of getting his words out of his mouth. Jennet was confused, what was he on about? Deciding that she had enough of this foolish game playing, she outstretched her arms wide. Glowing from her feet a dark shadow ran across the floor, and up the walls. It trapped Grahame in a small circle of light. \" Don't , play games , with me! \" Grahame seethed. The black shadow retracted back to the base of Jennet's black shoes. Her arms dropped to her side. She was curious to find out why Grahame was acting so…calm. \"I have lost my e-entire family, there is only me left alive,\" Grahame said to her, his voice strained as he mentioned his family. Jennet, for the first time in her life, felt sorry for Grahame. \"I have lost my sister, my mother, my father, my grandfather and grandmother. I lost my cousin because of you , and I lost my adoptive daughter Emma, again because of you . I have seen c-countless of deaths that I am pretty much f-familiar with the outcome of what people go through when someone dies.\" Jennet sighed, and she was surprised that Grahame was calm in talking about his family in this way. \"So,\" he said. \"Here is what I want you to think about.\" He whispered to her in a voice that only Jennet could hear. \"You lost your son, I get that you are angry etc. but I lost my entire family, so, now here is the problem, why didn't I kill myself and start killing everyone leaving all but one family member alive to feel my pain and seek out my revenge?\" he asked her. Jennet blinked and Grahame saw that she was figuring something out in that evil sick sadistic brain of hers. \"I should be where you are right now, n-not you, so ask yourself: why am I still alive?\" Jennet fumbled on the spot, she didn't know what to do now. Strangely, Grahame had stumped her by asking her a question, an impossible question that she did not know the answer to. The study door to where Sam was through opened up, and an unharmed Sam walked through the door, he saw Grahame staring at Jennet before he walked away from her. As Grahame walked away from Jennet, the walking stick – umbrella – that he was using to support himself clanking along the floor, Grahame turned back briefly and said: \"That's a little something for you to ponder on for a while.\" Sam walked over to him and helped him towards the entrance of the house, opened the door, and helped him down the steps, leaving Jennet alone, looking lost, confused, but she was left thinking about what Grahame said to her. Why hadn't he killed himself when he lost his family? Why didn't he? Revenge of Grahame Kipps Outside, the starry sky was bright than anything he had ever seen. The moon was bright and brought light to the dark. Sam helped Grahame down the path and back to the automobile which was still running and was parked by the causeway path. The tide thankfully was still out. \"Wait!\" Grahame said before he turned back to look at the overgrown path that lead towards the house. There he saw the children of those that Jennet had killed, all looking at him smiling, and then one by one, they shimmered away into nothingness. Two children were left behind. Sam's son: Nicholas. Sam smiled at him and shed a tear, before he left Nicholas spoke, but no words came out of him, he spoke the words 'I love you dad, and tell mom I love her too.' Sam nodded and said, \"I will son.\" Then, Nicholas shimmered away into nothingness. Emma was the last. She looked at Grahame, crying happily at him. 'I will never forget you' she said to him. She reached out her hand and Grahame reached out his. Briefly the tips of their fingertips touched one another before Emma faded away just the same as the other children. \"What just happened?\" Sam asked looking on in non-belief. \"I think we just avenged their deaths,\" replied Grahame. \"But we didn't get rid of Jennet, how did we avenge their deaths if Jennet is still around?\" Sam asked baffled. Grahame awkwardly turned to Sam. \"As a paranormal investigator, there are some things that even I don't quite understand.\" He said smiling to him. \"So, does this mean that Jennet has been defeated?\" Sam asked. \"Defeated?\" echoed Grahame. \"No, not defeated, merely delayed,\" \"How long, exactly?\" Sam asked bristling with questions. Grahame shook his head. \"I don't know.\" He admitted. \"But it she won't be killing any more children for quite some time. Sam helped him into his automobile, and soon they were driving away from Eel Marsh House for what Grahame hoped would be the last time. Revenge of Grahame Kipps \"Jennet had everything p-planned from the moment she killed Arthur. She knew that y-you would ask for my h-help when she found out from y-you that I was a paranormal investigator, she followed you to London, and she w-was present at the train s-station w-when I got onto the train to Crythin Gifford. She used a-all she could in her powers to s-stop me, such as creating a black mass for example. But I was g-getting too noisy for her, she w-was afraid of me, in the end she took matters into h-her own hands to try and kill me, it didn't work.\" Grahame said as Sam drove through the lanes back to Crythin Gifford, he was still losing blood and Grahame placed firm pressure on his wound as hard as he could keeping the blood in. But he was growing paler and paler and Sam could see this. \"What exactly did you do?\" Sam asked him wondering how he stopped Jennet; he was asking as many questions as he could to keep Grahame conscious and to focus his mind on staying awake as he sped off back to his home. \"I gave her s-something to think about,\" Grahame replied \"Which was?\" Grahame took his time answering; he smiled happily now that he came to realize that he stopped Jennet for some time. \"I asked her why I didn't commit suicide when I l-lost my entire family and start going on a k-killing spree like she did. And it s-stumped her.\" \"I don't understand,\" Sam asked. \"Jennet killed herself because s-she lost her son and is taking r-revenge on all who have children, provided that no one s-sees her that is. I lost m-my entire family, if I h-had the option, I would h-have killed myself and as highly possible as it s-stands, went around and started killing other f-family members at random leaving a-all but one person alive to feel my p-pain,\" \"And how has that stumped Jennet?\" \"Losing a child is one thing, but l-losing an entire family…\" Grahame breathed deeply, his eyes now dropping. \"Losing an entire f-family is nothing compared t-to losing a ch-child. When your entire family has been eradicated and you are l-left alone in the world, you would do anything to be with them a-again, but also you would w-want others to feel your s-suffering. I have l-lost my family, but I never s-sunk as low as trying to commit s-suicide and return as a jealous vengeful Spirit,\" explained Grahame. \"Why didn't you commit suicide?\" Sam asked. He felt as if he should not have asked this question, it sounded wrong when he said it. \"Because I b-believe that we all d-die when we reach a certain stage in our life where l-learn as much as we can from this world and m-move onto the next. I believe that the p-para-normal, the afterlife is but a-an evolutionary s-stage in the cycle of life, or–\" \"You don't know do you?\" Sam asked him. \"No,\" chuckled Grahame, Sam chuckled as well. \"Do you believe there is life after death?\" Sam asked. \"What do y-you call Jennet?\" he asked him. Sam pulled a jib that clearly meant that Grahame provided him with a good and convincing answer. \"But many are r-resilient that there is no life after d-death. But with I have w-witnessed with Jennet, I'd day that is pro-of eno-ugh, and be-sides, only us ourselves can answer that question: is the-re life after d-de-ath?\" \"I guess we will all find out soon I suppose. In our time,\" Sam said. He panned his head over to Grahame and saw that he had fallen asleep, his head rocking back and forth to the motion of the vehicle. \"Grahame?\" Sam said nudging him. \"Grahame!\" Sam called to him. \" Grahame! \" Sam yelled. He pushed down on the accelerator and the automobile sped through the lanes. Revenge of Grahame Kipps His eyes opened and a bright shining light poured into his eyes, there were three black figures looking down over him. \"Grahame!\" the first voice said which sounded fuzzy. \"Grahame, are you okay?\" a second voice said again fuzzy. \"Grahame, speak to us!\" the third voice said fuzzy also. \"Is this heaven?\" Grahame said the words slipping from his lips. One of the three figures chuckled, laughed heftily more like. \"Not exactly,\" the voice became much clearer now, and the figures came into existence. There looking down at him was Sam, Elisabeth and Archer. Something jumped up onto his bed. Spider, Sam's dog licked at his face, glad to see Grahame awake. \"Please don't do that again, make me think you died.\" Grahame smiled. He was lying down in the spare bed that he had used during his stay at the Daily's. \"What happened?\" Grahame asked. \"Well…you sort of lost consciousness in my car, I rushed you back here, and Archer managed to save you.\" Sam said providing an explanation. Grahame thanked Archer who was in the room. \"Do not thank me sir, I did only what I deemed was necessary.\" Archer had fixed Grahame up yet again pretty well, there was no hint of a scar where Archer cleaned his wounds and stitched his stomach up. Grahame even opted for him to go into a surgical course what with his expertise in cleaning and helping Grahame. Grahame thanked him once again. Grahame, after inspecting the bandage which was now rolled over his stomach, turned back to face Elisabeth. \"You should no longer have a ghost possess you now, Elisabeth, Nicholas and all the children are gone. You can tell the whole of Crythin Gifford that the children they once lost are now resting in peace. Also they can relax; Jennet won't be doing any killings anytime soon. She will be stuck on that question I gave her for years to come, here's hoping.\" \"How can we ever thank you for doing this, Grahame?\" Elisabeth asked. Sam smiled wrapping his arm around her. \"Remember,\" Grahame said after a few seconds. \"Remember Arthur, Emma, and all the children that died in Crythin Gifford. Just remember them. It is but an insult to one's memory of those who are no longer with us to not remember them, we should remember their lives and days they spent with us on this earth, even it was for a short amount of time.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps News had spread that Jennet would not be attacking or killing children anytime soon, this brought comfort at least to most of those in the village. To Grahame's surprise, he saw many children walking around with their parents and playing with other children, something which he never would have thought he would have seen in the village that his cousin tried to save once. He may not have gotten rid of Jennet, but at least he delayed her. For how long he did not know, but he knew it was going to be a long time until she returned to her original ways. He wondered what she was thinking of right now, was she thinking of why Grahame didn't commit suicide? Was she thinking of why he wasn't jealous? Was she thinking of how he managed to survive this long in life without any help from his parents? Who knew? But there it was, he could just imagine her pacing back and forth in that old, damp, dark, dreary house just trying to figure out Grahame's mind baffling quizzical question. Either way, he was happy with the way his job turned out. He walked through the village – feeling a tad better but still sore – just watching everyone emerge from their homes and watching the children play, to them it was as if it was an everyday daily routine for them, and that no one had a care in the world for what was going on in other parts of people's lives. It was change that Grahame thought he would never see happen. Two weeks since his arrival and this was the outcome. He noticed that for the first time since his arrival that the sun had ripped through the grey, black and ominous cloud which was slowly starting to dissipate and a new colour, blue was seen through the rips in the black cloud. For the first time in far so long that anyone in Crythin Gifford could remember, the sun shined down giving the village a massive burst of comfort. \"Grahame!\" a man called to him. Jogging up to him was Harold Damien, who had a few cuts and bruises on his face from his little encounter with Jennet. \"I just wanted to apologize for the way I behaved to you, I was wrong, I was just so angry with what Jennet did, it clouded my judgement,\" Grahame shook his head. \"No need to apologize. That is what Jennet does to us, makes us turn and judge people, if there is anyone to blame it is Jennet,\" Harold gave a curt nod. \"She won't bother us again?\" \"Not for a long time. I have stuck my foot down her throat and now she needs time to recover, so to speak, she won't be attacking or killing anyone, not even children any time soon. If it makes you feel better, she will be coming for me rather than your children from now on,\" Harold laughed slightly. \"Thank you for everything Mr. Kipps.\" He held his hand out and Grahame shook it. \"Please return to Crythin Gifford some time,\" \"Oh, I daresay I will be returning at some point, just to see how Jennet it coping.\" Revenge of Grahame Kipps Grahame spent one more night in Crythin Gifford, packing his things and spent the remainder of the day relaxing. Jennet still hadn't caused any trouble since his final encounter with her up at Eel Marsh House. That night before he turned into bed, he sat with Sam exchanging a few words of comfort and joy over a bottle of whiskey. \"You have a few battle scars to show your wife when you return home.\" Sam said pointing at Grahame's face that Grahame laughed at. \"Ffion won't mind. I love Ffion with all my heart, I know that sounds corny but it is true, you know that feeling when you make love to someone, and you feel that spark, its during that moment when you make love to a woman and you feel that connection that tells you, you love them and that it was meant to be. When I made love to Ffion, I felt that spark, and I knew it was meant to be, that we were destined for each other, she would love me for me, and not for the bruises of scars that I will sustain.\" \"I know the feeling, the same happened to me when Elisabeth and I made love. When Nicholas was born, we felt as if we the most blessed and important people on this earth. You will probably feel that way when Ffion gives birth.\" Grahame smiled at this, but his smiled diminished a soon as his mind set itself on something. \"I wonder if Jennet ever loved the man who made love to her?\" he wondered. Sam who was about to take a sip of his whiskey stopped, lowered his glass and thought. \"We never knew who the father was, she may have been raped, and perhaps it was a one night stand type of thing,\" Grahame nodded. \"Maybe, we'll never find out, not if there is no trace of Nicholas's father to be found.\" \"Maybe that could be something for us to look into one day, find out who was Nicholas's father that impregnated Jennet, and did they really love each other before everything went wrong.\" Sam suggested. \"Yeah,\" Grahame nodded before taking a sip of his whiskey, \"one day.\" After that they said nothing more. Revenge of Grahame Kipps That night, Grahame slept with ease, and this time, he dreamt peacefully for the first time since he could remember having the nightmare of his family's death nearly almost every night. By the next morning, Grahame was ready for his return trip home, he was looking forward to seeing Ffion again, and just being there to hold her in his arms once again and never let her go. Grahame bid farewell to Elisabeth and most of the villagers in the village before Sam took him to the station where the train was waiting to take off in just a few minutes time. With his luggage already on board, Grahame exchanged final words with Sam. \"You must come and visit Ffion and I back at London one day,\" Grahame told him. \"Oh, I will, have no doubt about that, as long as you return to us here in Crythin Gifford one day as well.\" Grahame smiled. \"Oh, I'll have to if I want to keep an eye on Jennet.\" The train whistled. \"Take good care of Elisabeth.\" Grahame said to him. \"And you take good care of Ffion and your upcoming child.\" Sam said to him. Rather than shaking his hand, they embraced each other in a manly hug. Grahame made his way onto the train and sat in the nearest compartment to the nearest window. The train jolted and pulled off, he waved goodbye to Sam and Sam the same. Soon Crythin Gifford was behind him. He nestled down to the journey home, though the journey back was a bit more comfortable even on the wooden chairs he sat on. The countryside passed him by and the sun was high in the sky, burning brightly. Revenge of Grahame Kipps It slowly dawned on Grahame halfway through his journey home, that he had avenged Arthur's death, and Emma's. In addition, he got his revenge, though not in the way he expected it, but he got it. It had passed noon and the day was lingering on. The station where he waited for the train into Crythin Gifford stopped at the rundown, manky old station where he got off, London had welcomed him back into its arms, and the train to Crythin Gifford left. Quickly, Grahame left the run down station, called for a cab, loaded his luggage into the back of the cab and was off home. In a matter of what seemed like seconds but was in fact an hour roughly, due to the constant stop and start that the automobile was doing, Grahame saw himself look up at a familiar old, but comforting sight: his home. He walked up to the door, knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer it. The door opened and Sophia stood behind the threshold. The look on her face was stunned. \"You're back,\" she said shockingly before she gasped. \"\"What in the name of…?\" she cut herself off pointing to his scared and bruised face. \"It's a very long story,\" Grahame said to her as he stepped past the threshold and into his own home. \"Why didn't you telegram us that you were returning?\" \"I wanted to surprise you,\" he said. \"Ffion is in the sitting room,\" Sofia said to him. He nodded in reply. Sofia took his luggage and went forth to put his belongings back to their rightful place. Ffion was sitting in the living room in front of a lit fire, reading a book. She looked up and saw Grahame standing there, a wide smile broke upon her face, and despite the scars on his face, she regarded him as the same person when he left the home nearly two weeks ago. Grahame walked over knelt down and kissed her lips softly. \"I have missed you so much,\" he signed to her. \" And I you. \" she replied back. Grahame hugged her tightly. He had not missed his child's birth, he was home with her, and she was all that mattered now. Revenge of Grahame Kipps That night, Grahame and Ffion slept under the bedclothes without their clothes on, and just felt each other's skin against their own, warm and comforting, Grahame held her close to him and he never let go of her. His hand rested on her enlarged stomach, he was looking forward to having a child or daughter. He wondered if Ffion was up to having maybe more than one child when their first baby was born. But that was a conversation until another day. Right now, he slept with her, her head resting on his chest as she slept knowing that Grahame will always be around her and close to her, no matter where he went. Grahame, as he slept, knew that everything was going to change now, everything that happened to him during the two weeks he spent at Crythin Gifford had changed the way he saw the world, he knew evil and what it was capable of, and his first paranormal job was a success. He'd wake up tomorrow and his company would take a different type of new direction in what they did. A/N: So what do you think? I probably, excuse the offensive language I am going to use by here, \"Mind fucked\" you into thinking many things in this story, but this one I decided to go all out on. At least I hope I did. Anyway, the last chapter , I might place up before Sunday or maybe sometime during the week, as it is only a short one, so keep your eyes open. And after the last chapter has been posted there will be a final Author's Note about an hour or so after the final chapter has been posted. More on that in the last chapter. Anyway, reviews would be nice. See you soon SoulVirus.[Chapter 19] A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all those who worked on the movie, but I am responsible for my own OC's. No Copyright fragment intended. Thank you. A/N: Well, this is it, the last ever chapter of my Woman in Black story for Revenge of Grahame Kipps. It is only short, some of you may like the ending, and some of you may loathe it, but I am happy with the end result. In Response: To LadyLuly , thanks for the review, and I do appreciate you giving your readers a shout out to read my stories. As for a sequel more on that will be answered towards the end, and one of your questions to what Grahame's baby will be called is answered in this last story. Also to DarknessBloodAngel , also thank you for the review, though there is a reason why did not kill off Jennet, an explanation of that will be met towards the end, and again a sequel, well, again more on if there will be a sequel or not will be revealed towards the end. So, without further ado, let the end commence. The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps Epilogue: One Year Later The company that Grahame owned which mainly concentrated on the paranormal, was slowly becoming a big success, the money was pouring in due to his encounter at Crythin Gifford. To those in the know who knew Grahame recommended him highly to anyone encountering so called unknown paranormal experiences ever since he told people about his little adventure in Crythin Gifford and his battle with Jennet, which most residents of London came to call The Woman in Black. He was now a public figure to most residents in London. The year for him had somewhat improved for him as of late. His company was slowly earning more income and was getting to grips of leaving the fact that it was safe from closure. However, the highlight of the year was that Ffion had given birth to a beautiful baby girl. Grahame was present during the birth, and he remembered that day clearly, a day which he enjoyed but somewhat despised. What he despised most about it was for him seeing Ffion scream but having no words come out of her mouth, save for a few grunts here and there, it was excruciating for him to see Ffion and having to hear her not scream from the pain. It had distressed him a little to see her like that as she gave birth, how he managed to get through those moments of hearing Ffion's silent screams he never knew. The birth on the other hand was miraculous that Grahame shed a tear of remote happiness, a flow of happiness streamed through him. The moment he had been waiting for however was the moment when he reached out his arms and held his daughter for the first time, and fatherhood had appeared before him without a warning, but he was happy nonetheless. With Ffion's consent, they named the baby girl Emma, after Emma who died at Jennet's hand back at Crythin Gifford, he had decided to name his daughter Emma in memory of Emma who had died at Jennet's hand, he however felt guilty that he did now know Emma's full name, he never even asked her. Emma Kipps was now one year old, and a few months after Emma's birth, Ffion and Grahame started trying for a second child. Two months before, luck seemed to be on their side as it was confirmed that she was pregnant with their second child, something that the both of them were overwhelmed of hearing. Grahame was working back at his company talking to a customer who was suffering so-called paranormal attacks at his home. \"I will personally make my way around your house tomorrow at 11am no later.\" \"Thank you sir, thank you.\" the man in question left. Grahame smiled and wrote into a logbook before mumbling under his breath. \"Mr. Sampson. 56 Thornton Avenue. 11am.\" Grahame sighed happily, he closed the book and looked back at the shop, it was a quiet day for a Tuesday and he gave Timmy and other members of his staff the day off, or they were out on business tracking down paranormal entities. He let the shop and went into the back where the staff lounge was located. In the room Ffion sat alone, cradling Emma in her arms. \"How is she?\" Grahame smiled signing. Ffion placed Emma into her wooden cot and signed. \" She is sleeping peacefully, \" She got up tucked Emma in. Grahame walked over to her, kissed her passionately on the lips and hugged her tightly before heading over to his daughter and kissing her gently on the forehead. \"We made one beautiful girl,\" he signed to Ffion. Ffion smiled and rested back into Grahame's chest. The moment was broken by the sound of the shop bell ringing. Grahame left Ffion with their daughter as he went to see to the newly arrived customer. In the front of the shop where Grahame had just emerged, the atmosphere dropped suddenly cold. In the shop, alone, was the one person who Grahame was hoping to never see again so soon: Jennet. She stood there, covered in all black, her hands rested on the front of her stomach. She did nothing but watched Grahame who stared back at her. Grahame sensed that she was no longer a threat to him or his wife and daughter, in fact he sensed a great amount of guilt emit from her and fear. He could see her black eyes tear up and if he looked closely, he could see her shaking. Grahame smiled evilly at her, feeling victorious, supremely victorious. And there the two of the stood, in the shop staring at each other continuously as if locked in an never ending battle of a staring contest, they eyes not blinking, nor breathing, not moving. Then, shortly just as she arrived, Jennet shimmered away, the front room returned to normal, and Grahame laughed slightly. \"Looks like I win.\" He said to thin air to where Jennet had just moments ago stood. A/N: So there we have it. Grahame's child is called Emma, and he lives happy ever after in some way. Anyway, stay tuned for in an hour's time roughly, I will be uploading a separate Authors Note just telling my readers this and that, etc. mostly it's a dedication page of those who read my stories, you can read it if you want, but you don't have to review, that will be up in an hour's time roughly. Therefore, for the last time I suppose, reviews will be nice. SoulVirus[Chapter 20] AUTHOR'S NOTE I would like to take this opportunity to say thank you to everyone who has read, and to those who have reviewed The Woman in Black: Revenge of Grahame Kipps . Out of a total of 48 reviews this story is thus far the most read and most reviewed story on my FanFiction page, and I am forever grateful those who have reviewed. You are welcome to read this story again and reviews are still continuously welcome. In addition, I would like to thank those who had favourited (I know that is not a word) and followed this story or have put this story on their Story Alerts. I must point out that I only wrote this story to bring closure to what I thought could have happened after the movie ended. Most of this story is derived from fiction and largely from my subconscious, which takes most of the credit involving this story. Most of you have asked me if there will be a sequel to this story, I am however unsure if there will be a sequel, but I doubt there will be, we shall see. There may be a sub season or a one off to this story at some point, and maybe I will come back to write this story but from Jennet's point of view, again we shall see. Now that this story has been written, I must point out that there is a sequel to the film planned which is entitled: The Woman in Black: Angel/s of Death , which is slated for release sometime next year, at least that is what I know. When you think about it this story acts as a sort of a follow on to the second movie in a way I suppose, but I will let you decide that. Moreover, while my imagination does not show signs of diminishing, who knows, I might come back to The Woman in Black , but all I can say is keep your eyes open all the same. Before I leave, I would like to thank the following for reviewing and reading this story: LadyLuly , DarknessBloodAngel , Anera527 and to an anonymous reviewer who reviewed Chapter 4 or 5. I would like to thank those who added this story to their favourite list: Anera527 , BobbyBoo'sbestfriend , DracoWolf316 and LadyLuly . And to those who added this story to their Alerts section: Ally of Darkness , BobbyBoo'sbestfriend , DarknessBloodAngel , DracoWolf316 and LadyLuly . If I have not mention anyone, please forgive me, but to thank you all for reading this story, and do not forget, you can still review this story if you wish even though it has ended. Oh, before I go, you do not have to have review this Author's Note page, but feel free if you wish. And I must point out that I do not own any rights to the Woman in Black, all credit goes to those who worked on film and to Susan Hill the author of the Woman in Black. And so for the last time, thank you all for reading, and goodbye. SoulVirus. ","Summary":" A/N: I do not own The Woman in Black or any of its contents, all credit goes to Susan Hill and all "},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Open Air","Author":"valix33","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10799018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wanted to write a story where the guys didn't die in the tank because I love these characters. Hope you enjoy. I don't own anything I don't own. Norman hurried through the trees to watch the road for any of the Nazis. It was a struggle to hold his gun along with his food and canteen. When he finally plopped down on the ground he was glad to set the gun on the grass next to him for a moment. At the moment the road was clear. The water from the canteen felt so good trickling down his parched throat, and before he knew it the canteen was empty. None of them had been keeping track of how much they were putting in their bodies. If they had a free moment it was rare, and they were always feeling paranoid. Norman was starting to get used to it. The fresh air felt strange to him and he kept thinking about how the grass felt different from his seat in Fury. His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of singing and the marching of several people. As he gazed down the road he saw a number of Germans approaching with a vehicle behind them. Each one was armed and they moved in an eerie unison. They were marching right toward the members of his crew. He stood up to run back to Fury, disregarding the box of food and the canteen, but he wasn't quick enough. Before he knew what was happening a bullet pierced his thigh and he was back on the ground again, eating dirt. The approaching Nazis had spotted him and now a group of four was on their way over. He dug his fingers into the ground and attempted to pull himself forward. \"Sergeant!\" Back at the tank, Gordo and Grady worked on repairing the tread to get Fury up and running again. Wardaddy sat on top observing the area, worrying about Norman. The kid hadn't been spoiled yet like most of the soldiers he knew. When the war ended Norman could still go home and lead a normal life. But it wouldn't be the same for the rest of them; they weren't the same men that had entered the tank the first time. When the gunshot went off everyone froze and all eyes gazed toward the trees. There was a moment of silence, then a cry from Norman. \"Everyone get your guns, move it!\" barked Don, sliding off the tank. The other three men armed themselves and the group jogged in the direction of the trees. On the inside Don began to feel fear, each step escalating his anxiety about what he was going to find. The Nazis came through the trees before they could even reach Norman's post, and suddenly there were several guns pointed at the four of them. They kept their weapons up but neither side was firing. \"Legen Sie Ihre Waffen!\" shouted one of the soldiers. The Fury crew looked to Wardaddy for a translation. \"He wants us to put down our guns.\" \"Like hell! Hey fuck you man!\" Grady's words seemed to translate because they heard the click of each gun loading. \"Gentlemen, I do think you should comply.\" The statement came from a German officer, a blonde-haired prick with an assortment of fancy metals and buttons. What caught the Americans' eyes was the sight of who was with the officer, Norman. There was a bullet in his thigh but it seemed to have missed a major artery. \"You let him go you cocksucker!\" Bible commanded, aiming his gun at the officer. In response the officer took his pistol and pressed it into the side of Norman's head. They could see Norman was trying not to look pitiful, but with the pain in his leg and the gun against his temple it was clear how frightened he was. \"Or I could shoot the boy right now, and kill you all anyway. Now put the guns down, or he dies.\" Bible was the first to comply without hesitation, setting his weapon on the ground. \"Do it,\" Wardaddy instructed. He and Gordo reluctantly obeyed the officer as well, but Grady didn't waver. \"I like you kid, I really do,\" he stated, \"but I'm not going to one of those camps. No way in hell.\" \"Grady, just put it down.\" \"Fuck that!\" He glared over at Don. \"If it wasn't the kid you'd still be holding that gun. I am not going like that.\" \"I need you to trust me. It's going to be okay.\" Grady's arm began to shake and finally he chucked his gun into the trees. \"Shit.\" A twisted smirk came from the officer and he shoved Norman onto the gravel, still pointing the gun at him. \"Take them all.\" Most of the story will take place in a prisoner camp, I'll try to update soon. Thanks for reading![Chapter 2] Thanks to everyone who read the first chapter. Now you get to see what the prisoner camp looks like and we meet a couple of OCs. I don't own anything I don't own. The five were driven in the vehicle to be picked up along with the other POWs. There was a train that nearly three hundred Allied prisoners were shoved into like livestock being herded into pens. When the door to their car slammed shut it was nearly pitch black, which was good because Norman could pretend he couldn't see Grady's eyes looking directly at him. Many of the prisoners tried talking during the ride, some were even blubbering, but the Fury crew remained silent. Norman knew even if he wanted to speak there were no words that could change the situation anyway. He felt so guilty that he had been injured and that allowed the Nazis leverage over his friends. And in the back of his mind he kept thinking that each one of them hated him right now. When the train finally arrived they started filing prisoners into lines. Bible noted most of the occupants were American but there were a handful of British and French soldiers mixed among the crowd. Along the chain-link fences were several posts where Germans stood guard with rifles on their shoulders. There was even a central guard tower where one could catch just a glimpse of two eyes scanning the group. Wardaddy was the first to realize they were pulling some of the prisoners away from the rest. \"They're taking the injured somewhere else,\" he whispered to the others. \"Norman, they're going to pull you away. Stay calm.\" Norman nodded only because he was following his Sergeant's order; he was not feeling the least bit calm at the moment. Eventually he was grabbed by one of the Nazis and dragged past the other prisoners toward an isolated tent at the end of camp. Judging by the makeshift beds and stash of supplies near the corner, he guessed it was the medical tent. When he was shoved inside there was another American being inspected by a petite woman. She looked French, her appearance delicate and her silky hair a chocolate color. \"He has a shattered kneecap.\" He was right, French. \"It's likely he'll never walk properly again.\" Beside her was the same officer prick that had taken all of them, taking note of everything the nurse said. Just his luck that the officer who knew his face seemed to be in charge. \"Thank you for your honesty, Annette.\" Two other soldiers helped the American up at Officer Prick's instruction and started leading him out of the tent. As he was halfway out, however, the officer took his pistol and fired one shot right through the prisoner's head. The sick bastard had been waiting until he was visible to the arriving prisoners to execute him. With a gesture of the finger Norman was brought over to the same table where his predecessor had been given a death sentence. \"I recognize you,\" said the officer, his tone making Norman uneasy. \"See this boy, Annette? I shot him myself. Let's see how accurate I am.\" Annette took the bandage off his thigh and he saw that it had stopped bleeding, so the damage wouldn't be life threatening. She shined a light into the wound and start doing her inspection. \"The bullet has gone through. It shouldn't permanently inhibit walking but it is a serious injury. He can move, but not consistently or at regular speed.\" Norman could feel his heartbeat rising, his palms start to sweat, his body visibly shaking. Officer Prick stared at him for a long time as Annette's words sunk in. They were going to kill him. \"Send him back to the others.\" Wait, they weren't going to shoot him? He looked back at the officer in disbelief and while doing so caught a glimpse of the name on his coat. H Faust. The other Fury crew members proceeded up the line as each prisoner was sorted into a group. Bible ran through the numbers in his head, trying to determine if they were going to be split up. It was Gordo that first saw Norman being brought back to the line. \"Well look who's still alive.\" Everyone glanced at their comrade as he was placed back into the line with them. They were nearly at the front of the line, but there was still a British soldier in front. \"Diese sechs, bringt sie zu D Zelle,\" said the German with the clipboard. The Fury crew and the Brit were taken along the length of the camp, watching their fellow soldiers being filed into cells. When they came to a door marked D, the Nazis pushed the six inside and then locked the door. At the bottom of the door was a slit, likely for food to be passed through, and thankfully it also allowed light to seep into the room. \"What's your name, English?\" The Americans observed the Brit with apprehension, trying to read him. He looked like a normal soldier, neat black hair and a tough physique. \"Henry Wilkins. You can call me London.\" The six of them tried to get as comfortable as possible but there wasn't much room to move around. To make matters worse, there was a bucket in the middle of the cell and no one wanted to knock over. \"Smells like shit in here.\" \"I wonder why.\" \"Shut up Gordo.\" \"That's enough fighting,\" snapped Don. \"The damn krauts want us to lose our minds in here. I'm not going to let that happen to me, what about the rest of you?\" Bible and Gordo quit their bickering and instead Gordo nudged Norman in the arm. \"So what happened?\" \"They had this French nurse, she was checking to make sure everyone could work. I thought they were going to shoot me.\" \"I'm surprised they didn't.\" London locked his eyes on the fresh bandage over Norman's thigh. \"Don't know how you're going to walk like that.\" Norman shrugged and replied, \"The officer just looked at me and told them to put me back in line. I don't know why.\" \"God's not calling you yet, my friend.\" Bible smiled and gave him a pat on the shoulder. \"At least there's some good news.\" Wardaddy was the only to notice that Grady hadn't said a single word since their capture. In all the years they'd been in the tank together the only time words had stopped spewing from his big mouth was in order to eat or take a breath. He was concerned about what would happen when Grady eventually spoke again, a quiet Coon-Ass was dangerous. Grady's pretty pissed, but they're all alive. Norman's the main character but we're going to see what happens to all the guys in later chapters and learn a little more about the other residents of the camp. Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 3] I'm so glad people have been responding to this so well! This chapter we get a little from all the Fury crew. Their cell door wasn't opened again until the next morning, and the six were immediately yanked outside and forced to march down the camp. Every prisoner was being sorted into different areas to do their jobs. It was unlikely they'd be kept together when they were given their tasks, and the thought worried Don greatly. As if to confirm his worries, two soldiers came over and started pulling Norman away again. \"Where are you taking him?\" Bible demanded, trying to hold on to Norman. One of the soldiers hit him and his grip was released. Gordo helped Bible get back to his feet again and they moved forward. \"It's out of our hands, man. He'll be okay.\" After Norman was gone men started approaching them and asking about their skills, what they could do to contribute at camp. Wardaddy had to translate nearly everything they were saying until finally it seemed clear what each of them did. Gordo and Grady were taken to work on damaged German vehicles because of their experience repairing Fury. London had spent a few years working as a medic for his crew so he was sent to assist in the medical tent. That left Don and Bible being brought over to an isolated area of the camp for reasons they weren't being told. It wasn't until they reached their destination that the two saw what their job would entail. Laid out in rows upon rows were the bodies of dead soldiers. Like the living occupants most of the corpses were American and they hadn't even bothered to close the eyes or cover up the bodies. Bible felt bile rise in his throat but forced himself to choke it down so the Nazis wouldn't get the satisfaction. \"You two are going to take care of these bodies,\" said one of the Germans, a lanky man with dark hair and a scarred cheek. \"Pile them up, and burn them.\" There were soldiers all around, waiting for them for slip up so they could put a bullet in their backs. Don reluctantly moved forward and started pulling one of the bodies out of its row, but Bible remained frozen to his spot. Scar approached and got right in his face. \"I'm not doing it. These are people.\" Scar was silent for a moment, and then his fist slammed into Bible's gut so hard it took his breath away. \"You will do as you're told.\" \"Fuck you.\" Scar snapped his fingers and three guns pointed at Wardaddy. \"Do it, or I'll kill you and they'll kill him and we'll find someone to burn you with the other bodies.\" He saw Don looking back at him with concern, not for himself but for Bible. \"Boyd.\" It was rare for Don to use his regular name unless he was trying to talk to him as a friend instead of a fellow soldier. He had to fight his own body as he trudged past Scar and grabbed one of the corpses, dragging it away from the rest and setting it down gently on the ground. When no one was looking he grabbed the soldier's dog tags and shoved them in his pocket. Wardaddy put the body he was pulling in the same spot and Bible grabbed those dog tags as well. They worked through each and every body until there was a pile so high it threatened to topple and send soldiers rolling down like a crate of apples. Bible had so many tags in his pockets it was difficult to pretend like he wasn't hiding them. When the pile was assembled Scar took a match and lit it, but handed it over to Bible. \"I'll let you have the honor.\" With blood-smeared hands Bible accepted the match and tossed it down on the pile. The bodies ignited all at once and the flames began to warp the details of their faces. \"Are we done?\" \"Take them to clean out the medical tent.\" The soldiers pulled the two away from the burning pile and escorted them near the medical tent. Don noticed Bible's hands were shaking and grabbed them. \"We do what we have to do,\" he whispered. \"It's not your fault.\" When Bible didn't answer he used his jacket to wipe the blood from Bible's hands and clapped him on the shoulder. \"We're going to get through this, all of us. Understand?\" \"Yes sir.\" After thirty minutes of working on a German transport vehicle, Gordo had become aware of Grady's silence. He did his work just fine, hammering the dent out of the side of the car, but didn't utter a word the entire time. Gordo lifted up the hood and started poking around inside. \"Hey Grady, help me look at this.\" Grady stood up and walked over, examining the inside of the hood. Finally Gordo couldn't take it anymore and blurted out, \"Can you just say something already? Be an ass if you want, talk to me man.\" \"Fuck that kid. And fuck the Sarge too. We shouldn't have put our guns down. I could've gone out on my terms instead of letting the krauts force me to work for them. This is bullshit!\" \"What good would dying have done for you?\" asked Gordo. \"You might've killed two krauts and then we'd all be dead.\" \"We're dead anyway, Gordo!\" \"Our people are in Germany,\" Gordo pointed out. \"It's only a matter of time before Berlin goes down and they're storming this camp to rescue us.\" \"What if they get word the Americans are winning? Then we all get shot in the head or worse. There is no good ending for us.\" \"We've been brothers for years, Grady. Are you going to let that end in here?\" Grady sighed and stepped back from the car. \"You're right,\" he admitted, \"the four of us have been years together. But that kid is no brother of mine, and he never will be.\" Hoping to change the subject, Gordo noted, \"It's all fried, we're going to need to replace everything. Maybe some of the junk in here could be useful.\" Grady reluctantly helped him sort through the discarded car parts and piles of junk. Though he said nothing, mentally Gordo was telling himself to keep Norman as far away from Grady as possible. When Norman was brought through the front door of a small house he knew it had to be the living quarters for Faust. Sure enough, Faust himself was sitting in his office with a pile of papers at his desk. He held up his hand when the soldiers entered with Norman and waved them away. \"Go ahead and take a seat boy.\" He gestured to a nearby chair and Norman limped over to it, taking his seat. \"Tell me your name.\" \"N-Norman, Norman Ellison.\" Faust seemed to sense his apprehension. \"There's nothing to fear Norman,\" he assured. \"I had the opportunity to kill you and I didn't. Most men would show some gratitude.\" \"Thank you. But, why didn't you?\" \"I require someone to do tasks around my quarters and I couldn't waste the resource of a perfectly healthy worker. So I chose you.\" A server came in with food and he had two plates in his hands. \"You had them bring me food?\" \"You look like you haven't eaten in days, you must be hungry.\" The plates were set in front of them and Faust picked up his fork. \"Eat.\" \"I appreciate it,\" Norman said gratefully. He took his silverware and cut into his meat, which apparently impressed Faust. \"Living in war and you still know your manners. Tell about where you come from boy. How old are you?\" \"I turned 17 last November.\" \"Such a young child, too young to be a soldier.\" There was a strange look of sympathy from Faust that looked out of character for him. \"I've never approved of using children in war.\" \"I enlisted myself,\" confessed Norman. \"My father fought in the Great War thirty years ago and I wanted to make him proud.\" \"How proud would he be right now?\" Faust started eating and Norman mimicked him, trying to avoid speaking again. If his father could see him now, eating with the enemy, he would probably disown him. Perhaps he'd be right to do so. I know they never said Norman's age and I thought he looked young enough I could make him 17. Also, Grady is a little better (not really) and poor Bible. Hopefully throughout the story there will be some bromance for all the crew members. I have no idea when I'll update again but I know we'll see more of the OCs as well as the Fury crew next time.[Chapter 4] This is kind of a short update, but this chapter's important. Thanks to everyone who's been reading so far, I appreciate it! I don't own anything I don't own. London and Annette were experiencing a rare break inside the medical tent. Every day prisoners were brought in with injuries from work and they were supposedly tasked with fixing them. But most often if it was something more serious than dehydration or exhaustion a soldier would just come in and shoot their patients. While there was a moment of peace they sat and Annette began to smoke a cigarette. \"So what's your story?\" he inquired. \"If you're French what are you doing here?\" She shrugged and took a puff of the cigarette. \"What difference does it make? I'm here now.\" He'd been attempting to chat her up since his assignment to the tent but she met him with nothing but coldness. \"It makes a difference because everyone has a story. I like to know those stories.\" \"Why?\" \"Isn't it a little comforting to know no matter what happens to us, all our stories can still survive?\" The look she gave him was stronger than a thousand winters sleeping in the snow; he could feel his blood temperature dropping. \"I'm not going anywhere, so my story doesn't matter.\" Before the situation could get any more awkward than it already was Don came in with a bucket of water and a scrub brush. London liked Don, he was the kind of man that wasn't as common to come by anymore. He could sense the honesty, the kindness, and he knew that Don was a good man. \"Afternoon, you two.\" He got down on his knees and soaked the brush in the bucket before beginning to scrub the blood from the floor. When the soldiers shot injured prisoners they didn't bother to clean up afterward, so Faust had sent him to wash away all the blood. To him it seemed pointless if they were just going to shoot more people in the medical tent. But he knew that he'd do nobody any good if he got himself shot. The others were barely holding onto themselves as it was, so he sucked it up and bore their weight on his shoulders. \"How you been doing?\" London was polite; Don wished he could've met him under different circumstances. \"Could be worse. What about you?\" \"I'm hanging in there. Still alive after all.\" \"The boy you came in with,\" Annette interrupted, \"is he yours?\" \"He's not my son if that's what you're asking,\" answered Don. \"He's a member of my company.\" \"But you care for him?\" \"I do.\" \"Keep your eye on him here,\" she warned. \"He's not safe.\" \"No one's safe here, what do you mean?\" \"The soldiers here, they're sick. They like to play if you understand me. Every so often some of them will pick a prisoner and bring them somewhere where nobody can see, and then they play. I've seen it happen before. And they always go for the boys.\" London grimaced as he processed exactly what she was suggesting and Don stopped cleaning the floor. \"That's not going to happen. I'd die before I let them near him.\" \"You might have to keep that promise.\" Norman was being escorted back to his cell after completing his job for Faust. He hated spending so much time around Faust, never knowing if he was in danger or not. He hated eating the food that Faust put in front of him. It tasted tainted, like the fact that he was eating it in front of Faust spoiled it, but he did so out of fear. Mostly he hated that he was getting special treatment when his crewmates weren't. He deserved nothing; he deserved to be hurt worse than them for getting them into this mess. Faust could act polite all he wanted, but Norman still hated him. As soon as the door was opened he had the urge to run. He thought perhaps he'd be the only one in the cell, but Grady was already in there. Anyone else he could've handled being alone with, not Grady. Even before they were locked up Grady had always hated him. The Germans scared him more, but only barely. \"I thought you and Gordo were working on a transport truck together,\" Norman said as the door closed and he heard the click of the lock. He was so fucked. \"They wanted Gordo to sift through some recovered junk today, pick out what was useful. Guess they didn't need me.\" Grady was standing in the corner, a stoic expression on his face. \"A-are you okay?\" He was hoping just to keep talking idly until one of the other men got back, but his attempt wasn't good enough because Grady came sauntering over to him. \"Looks like you're holding up,\" Grady stated casually. \"Leg's getting better.\" Without warning he kicked Norman in his injured thigh and Norman cried out, collapsing onto the ground. He grabbed the kid by his collar and yanked him up, slamming him into the wall. \"Wait, Grady-\" \"Shut up! We're going to talk some things out, you and me, and I'm going to make them extra clear so you understand. First, it is your fault we are here. Understand me?\" \"I'm sorry, I-\" \"What did I say about shutting up?\" Grady yelled, shaking him a little. \"Second, the only reason you are not dead right now is because those men are my family and I'm not going to risk them. Understand me?\" This time Norman was smart enough just to nod silently. \"Lastly, and you're going to want to pay attention here, if anything should happen to any of them because of you I will break your neck. Understand me?\" Norman nodded once more and Grady punched him in the jaw before dropping him. As he returned back over to the corner he could see Norman trembling on the floor. His point had gotten across. To all the Grady lovers I like him too and I'm not trying to make him a bad guy. When I was watching the movie he seemed kind of angry and he didn't really like Norman too much so I'm continuing that here. What are your thoughts on London's obsession with stories and Annette's warning? I want to thank Athena Silverwolf for reminding me I hadn't made it clear that Norman isn't fond of the special treatment, trust me he's not turning into a Nazi lover. Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 5] Took me a couple days but I finally finished this chapter. Be warned, this chapter is not a nice one. I don't own anything I don't own. Most of the time Gordo was proud of his heritage. There were only three times in his life when he wasn't happy to be Mexican American. The time he was chased home from school and beaten by those bullies, the time he was almost deported by his racist neighbors, and right now. Whether they were Hispanic, black, or Asian, the Nazis loved giving the worst jobs to every prisoner that wasn't white. And his job at the moment was cleaning out all the buckets they put in the cells to hold shit. Each bucket he was forced to take just outside of camp boundaries one by one and dump them out on the ground for the rain to wash away. Then what was left in the bucket he had to scrub out with his bare hands and a brush. There was a hose they kept around camp for when they needed, but they'd never let him use it. The entire time he was cleaning Scar and a handful of other soldiers stood by and watched, ready to shoot him if he tried anything. \"Enjoying yourself?\" inquired Scar, smirking. There were so many profanities on the tip of Gordo's tongue that he could taste them. But he swallowed down his words and kept pushing himself to do the work. One of the soldiers kicked a bucket and it spilled waste all over the place, drawing a raucous of laughter. Gordo used the brush to scrape it all back into the bucket and then picked it up. He was biting his tongue so hard that small drops of blood were pooling in his mouth. Rather than swallow the blood he spit it into the bucket and dumped it out with the rest of the waste. \"Wetback.\" He remembered the word, he knew it well. He'd been called one before, by neighbors and strangers and one particularly hateful police officer. And he remembered the day that someone had uttered the word to his mother. He hated it, something about the word turned on a part of him that was especially angry. Before he knew what he was doing he'd spun around and punched the kraut in the nose. Instantly he was down on the ground, being kicked in both his gut and back at the same time. He fought the blackness that started fogging up his vision until the pain finally subsided. \"Don't kill him,\" Scar ordered. \"That would be too easy.\" He took one of the full buckets and splashed it all over Gordo. \"Now you're nothing more than a piece of shit. Take him back to his cell.\" The soldiers each grabbed a part of his shirt, careful to avoid the waste that was all over him, and started dragging him toward the cells. Part of him wished they would've just gotten it over with. There were no jobs in the camp that Bible actually enjoyed doing, but performing last rites wasn't the worst use of his time. In front of him was a German soldier, dying from an infection he'd contracted over the course of weeks. They hadn't been able to find a priest to come out so quickly, but they'd taken note of Bible and his religious knowledge. Two soldiers stood to his side and the dying had been made comfortable in his quarters. \"Let us pray,\" he told them. For once he didn't feel scared in the camp; the soldiers were listening and clasping their hands in reverence. He felt like they weren't Americans and Germans, they were just Christians. As he said the Anointing of the Sick rite his voice was the only sound he could hear. Even though it wasn't in German it seemed like they understood every word he was saying. When he was done he paused and waited for them to speak. Instead one of the soldiers took out some bread and offered it to him. \"Take it, please.\" Bible gently accepted the bread and put it in his pants pocket, avoiding his coat because of the dog tags already taking up space. \"Thank you.\" A third soldier was brought in to take him back to his cell while the others said goodbye to their comrade. In the cell he saw Gordo lying down on the floor, half of his body covered in dried shit. They didn't speak to each other at first. Bible took his spot farthest from the door and reached into his pocket for the bread. With the amount they were being fed right now he was hungry enough to shove the whole thing down his throat. But he split down the middle as best he could and reached across the cell to give half to Gordo. Gordo didn't hesitate to grab the food and start eating. Thankfully nothing had gotten on his fingers. \"You know what I'm going to ask,\" Bible stated. \"They wanted me to clean out the buckets. Thought it'd be funny to pour one on me. I hate them so much.\" \"The Nazis have some weird race or something. Aryans I think.\" Gordo scoffed as he took a bite of bread. \"It's not the Germans. The same kind of crap happened back home. Doesn't matter if it's Germans or Americans, I've been treated like dirt my whole life.\" \"I'm American, so is the rest of the crew. We wouldn't be alive if not for you.\" Gordo shrugged and sat up. \"I'll admit when I got assigned I thought I was going to be the odd man out. But I was wrong.\" \"Blood doesn't make family,\" Bible told him. \"You're just as much my brother as the others. Hell, I like you better than Grady.\" They both chuckled in spite of themselves. \"You are the least asshole out of everyone in the tank.\" Bible finished his bread and started taking off his coat. \"Here, take my coat. That way you can wear something relatively clean.\" Gordo complied and pulled off first his coat before removing his shirt as well. When Bible passed over the coat he buttoned it up and exhaled in relief. \"Thanks Bible. But what's with all the dog tags?\" He shook the coat slightly and it jingled. \"They wanted us to burn the bodies. Those men didn't deserve to be forgotten, their families didn't deserve it. When we get out of here I'm going to make sure every family knows their loved ones died for something. I can take them back.\" Gordo shook his head and patted one of the pockets. \"It's our mission now.\" Bible saluted with a grin and Gordo returned the gesture, secretly glad to have a mission again. Norman's job for the day was organizing the collection of books in Faust's house. All were written in German, so he couldn't understand what most of them were supposed to be. But there was one that he remembered hearing about when he was in school. Kinder und Hausmärchen, Grimm's Fairy Tales. He pulled it off the shelf and started to leaf through it, from what he could tell it was a first edition. \"Put that down!\" snapped Faust, alerting him. He quickly put it where it was supposed to go and placed his hands at his sides. \"Sorry.\" \"While you're working for me, you're to call me sir.\" Norman turned and looked right at Faust. \"Sergeant Collier is my sir.\" A look of amusement came over Faust and he whistled. From the other room a subordinate German entered and trotted over. Faust whispered something in his ear and he ran back out. At first Norman didn't know what was happening. But the subordinate returned with another soldier and they were restraining Don between them. \"You say he's the man you call sir?\" Faust asked as he stood up. \"I'll tell you what, when you feel I've earned the title you let me know.\" He abruptly slugged Don in the jaw and the force almost knocked him out of the soldiers' grip. Norman tried to intervene but Faust put him on the floor with one hit. \"Leave him alone.\" \"Those aren't the words I'm looking for.\" Another blow hit Don in the cheek, and then one in his stomach, and the onslaught continued. Each time Norman tried to get up he was kicked back down again. Finally he couldn't take watching his commander being hurt anymore. \"I'm sorry, sir.\" Faust casually wiped the blood off his knuckles and stepped away from Don. \"Guess he's not yours anymore.\" He strolled over to Norman and pulled the boy to his feet, patting him on the cheek. \"Next time I give you an instruction, I trust you'll follow it.\" When the two Americans were allowed to go Norman kept glancing at Don, guilt all over his face. Don noticed these glances but didn't return them in case he sent Norman the wrong message. His lip was split and there were bruises beginning to form all over his face, but he'd been in worse shape before. \"You better wipe that look off your face. They'd have to do a lot worse to me if they wanted to hurt me.\" \"He did it because of me.\" \"He did it because he's a cocksucker. You were standing up to him and I understand. So don't look at me like a victim. Understood?\" Norman nodded as the soldiers opened the cell door. The other four had returned by that time and they immediately took notice of the beating that Don had taken. \"What happened to you?\" demanded Grady, his glare focused on Norman. \"One of the krauts wanted me to call him sir,\" Don lied flawlessly. \"Didn't give him what he wanted.\" Grady was still glaring at Norman but he didn't get up. When the two sat down Don switched places with Norman so he was as far from Grady as possible. The others were nervous for a moment, but ultimately they knew with Don in the way there would be no fight tonight. \"What smells like shit?\" \"Long story.\" I think Gordo got the worst of it, but what do you think? Is Faust or Scar worst? For everyone waiting for Grady to attempt murder it's probably going to happen, but not nearly this soon. Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 6] I know this chapter is really short, but it's leading up to next chapter. For all you Grady fans, this one's all about him. I don't own anything that I don't own. Grady was outside the camp for the first time in a week, but he wasn't free. Scar and three other Nazis had dragged him past the fences as part of a job. They needed parts for the transport vehicle he was repairing and he was being brought along to verify that everything they needed came back with them. There was a rifle pointed at him the entire time he was moving. In the nearest town over there was a mechanic's shop full of auto parts. The SS were allowed to seize anything they desired, so the mechanic willingly let them into his store. It was so odd to see people so complacent. Most of the towns they'd passed through in Germany had been full of oppressed civilians. There had been scattered German supporters, but most of the families had been glad to be free of the Nazis. But this town was full of loyalty, and it was unnerving. \"Find us what we need.\" The Nazis stood by as Grady started pawing through the supplies, a large bag with him. Unfortunately they didn't need an engine because they didn't seem to have any of those. He picked pieces up and tossed them in the bag as quickly as he could. \"This should be it.\" One of the soldiers grabbed his arm and yanked him back out onto the street, where all eyes were on him. \"Eindringling!\" shouted one of the townspeople, picking up a rock and throwing it at him. Suddenly even the children were grabbed rocks and chucking them at the American. He guessed they were shouting insults by their tone but he couldn't understand what they were saying. \"Mörder!\" \"Schmutzig Hund!\" That one might've had something to do with a dog. The Nazis seemed to be enjoying themselves but nevertheless had to take him back to the camp so he could finish his job. Some of those rocks had scratched his face, but mostly he was just thinking about his shock. Served him right for thinking Germans could be good people. On the road back to camp they passed by a cottage that had been abandoned by its owners. It wasn't very big and there was a hole in the roof, probably why the occupants had gone. But in a weird way it reminded Grady of home. A family of eight crammed together into a small house removed from the city, though he'd lived closer to the water than this cottage was. He remembered going to fish with his father and praying they caught a fish and not something bigger. It made him miss the home he'd left four years ago. Then he told himself that he wasn't anything like the Germans and kept going. The sound of footsteps and voices alerted all of them, the voices weren't speaking in German. Before Grady could say anything the Nazis were pushing him into the cottage and down onto the floor. He tried to fight them but two pinned him to the ground and pressed a pistol into the side of his head. As they sat inside and hid the voices became much clearer. \"What are we doing out here in the middle of nowhere?\" asked one of them. \"Tomorrow we're joining the other platoon and taking that town a few miles west. Our mission is to scout out the area for Germans.\" \"I hope we find some. My trigger finger's itching for some krauts.\" \"I've seen you shoot, you're terrible.\" \"Should we check that house over there?\" Scar noticed Grady's struggling and moved closer to him. \"Tell them we're here, I dare you,\" he whispered. \"If we don't arrive back at camp, then Faust will execute your little friends. So do what you feel is necessary.\" Grady should've called for help, he could feel the sound at the tip of his tongue, but he didn't. Fuck the kid, but Bible and Gordo and Don were still his family. And he'd learned since he was a boy that family was not to be taken lightly. \"The roof caved in, dumbass,\" said one of the Americans. \"Who the hell would be in there? Let's keep going.\" Grady had to listen to them pass by, each footstep he heard like a punch to his face. When they were gone he was dragged to his feet. \"You're not going anywhere,\" Scar told him. He told himself that Gordo's words were true; the Americans would come for them soon. If he was right, then he wished they would hurry up already. He was getting real tired of the damn Germans. I wanted to put some of Grady's German hating in this story. Next chapter's going to be an exciting one! Let me know what you thought. P.S.- The insults were \"Intruder\", \"Murderer\" and \"Dirty Dog\".[Chapter 7] Took me a little while to finish this one but I hope it's worth it. Warning, this chapter is really sad for the Fury crew so beware. I don't own anything I don't own. The American pressure continued to mount against the Nazis and it was starting to show at camp. At first the prisoners were hopeful when word began to spread of a possible rescue soon. But Faust and the soldiers started cracking down. There were more punishments for misbehaving, more executions for reasons that were low even for the Nazis. Everyone in the Fury crew had taken some beatings for their own reasons, everyone except Norman. Instead of punishing him Faust insisted on punishing Wardaddy and it was driving Norman insane. He felt so much shame for causing harm to Don that he started doing whatever he was told. That morning everyone was busy with their work. Don and several other prisoners had been tasked with sorting through the corpses of the dead for any possessions they had which could be useful. When the bodies had been stripped of everything Bible and Gordo had to place them on the pile and douse them with gasoline. Gordo would've preferred to be fixing the transport vehicle with Grady, but at least he had help from Bible. Bible still seemed to be upset at the task of burning the bodies. But Don knew as much as it hurt him it was much better than if he didn't feel anything about the burning. \"Think we'll get some food after this?\" asked Gordo. They got morsels every now and then but everyone was starting to get skinnier with the inconsistency of the feedings. \"We damn well better.\" \"Hey Gordo, if you could pick anything what would you eat?\" The question came from Bible, innocent enough but it had their attention. \"I remember my mama, she used to make this delicious lemon pork stew once a week when my family would come over for dinner.\" \"Lemon pork stew, huh?\" Don inquired skeptically. \"Don't knock it, she made the recipe herself. What about you?\" \"In my neighborhood we'd all have a fair every summer to see who made the best kind of pie. If my mother was around I'd say that her pecan pie was the best, but really Mrs. Hennessey made the most delicious blueberry pie on the planet. Blueberry pie and beer, that's all a man needs.\" Both Gordo and Don started laughing at his last statement, and even Bible chuckled a little. \"How 'bout you Bible?\" \"Man I just want a damn hamburger.\" Gordo didn't know why he was surprised, but he thought it would be something else. He always saw Bible as a bit of a sophisticated man and he expected his tastes would be just as sophisticated. Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of something overhead. Across the entire camp heads drifted up to the sky with curiosity, both prisoners and Nazis alike. In the distance they spotted two war planes approaching. Soon they could make out the paint on the sides, they were American planes. As the three Fury crew members watched with smiles growing on their faces, the planes soared over their heads with a roar of the engines. They seemed to be scout planes that were supposed to map out Germany for the Allies. \"I want those planes brought down, shoot them down!\" barked Scar. He didn't need to give the order. From the opposite direction flew in a German plane, and its guns began firing at the American fighters. The two fighters broke off in opposite directions to escape the barrage of bullets. \"Come on boys, blow it out of the sky,\" Don whispered. It became a test of maneuvering, all three planes trying to shoot their enemies. They never drifted too far away from the camp, which brought concern to Bible. \"Maybe we shouldn't be standing right here.\" Scar picked up on this and drew his pistol. \"No one abandons their task, prisoners and guards alike! First person to run gets shot!\" Bible started dragging the bodies in a hurry, anxious to get the job done so they could find somewhere safe. On one of the German plane's runs it sprayed the first fighter with bullets and smoke began to billow out of the aircraft. To escape the fighter descended closer to the ground, but the German was determined to finish his work. As it neared the ground the occupants of the camp began to realize that its descent was not intentional. The explosion took five prisoners with it and just barely missed hitting the cells. The other workers couldn't help but stare in horror at the erupting flames and burning flesh just yards away from where they were standing. Several tried to run, but found German guns aiming at them. \"I said nobody runs!\" Bible stormed over to Scar and got right in his face. \"If we don't move we're all dead anyway,\" he yelled at the Nazi. They heard more gunfire and he saw the two injured planes playing a game of endurance with each other. One last burst from the American brought the combustion of the enemy plane and it started spiraling toward the ground. Distracted from Scar now, Bible ran toward where Don and Gordo were being forced to stay by the Germans. He managed to get over to Don and push him away as the second explosion hit right where they were. All three were launched off their feet, along with four other prisoners and two German guards. Don landed hard on his back but he knew that he hadn't been close enough to sustain any serious damage. Bible and Gordo, however, were a much different story. \"Boys!\" He sprinted over to Gordo, who was closest, and looked him over. The fire hadn't hit him, but he'd been knocked unconscious from hitting the ground. He'd live. Then Don saw the man who'd pushed him out of harm. Bible had gotten burned on his left side and lay several feet from where he'd saved Don. The way his body was sprawled out didn't look natural and the sight of him caused Don's heart to shatter. Inside Faust's quarters, Norman had been cleaning the floor of the office when the first explosion had gone off. He immediately stood up and went for the door, but Faust stopped him from leaving. \"My friends are out there,\" he told Faust. \"You're no use to them. Stay in here and finish your work.\" Norman was going to listen to him; he didn't want his Sergeant to get beat again after all. Then both heard the second explosion and all rational thought left Norman's mind. He had pushed past Faust and left the quarters before he even knew what he was doing. Outside it only took seconds for him to process the burning wreckages of the planes. He saw three of his crew members in the middle of the flames, Bible and Gordo injured. Don was watching over them, but there were so many fresh bodies around his friends that he felt the need to be sick. His first thought was to help the only crew member he could still protect from the planes. \"Grady!\" He took off running toward the shed. \"Norman, don't!\" Norman didn't know who said the words but he wasn't paying much attention. He got the rest of them into this mess and Grady already hated him for it. Maybe he could repay him by getting him somewhere safe. Don had just checked Bible's pulse when he noticed Norman coming outside. As soon as the boy saw the damage of the planes he was charging over to the shed where Grady was repairing the transport vehicle. Faust was out seconds after and trying to stop Norman. \"Norman, don't!\" It seemed unlikely that Faust had uttered those words, but Don had watched him do it. No one appeared to spot that the last American fighter was beginning to malfunction in the air. Within seconds of Norman's arrival at the shed it began to drop straight down. Don wanted so desperately to pull him out, but there were too many flames in his way and he had to make sure his two brothers didn't die on him. He could only watch. Grady had been aware of both explosions but convinced himself to stay put. Inside Fury, he'd been used to hearing other tanks get shot. Panicking only made people put themselves in further danger and they got killed anyway. But his attitude changed when Norman came running over to him. \"What's going on?\" \"There's a dogfight going on, two of the planes crashed,\" Norman explained urgently. \"Come on, if we get to our cell we should be okay there.\" There was a moment where Grady secretly felt positive feelings toward Norman and he got up to leave the shed with him. But he'd only just gotten to his feet when the last plane crashed into the shed. The next thing he remembered was feeling fire and brick. So that gets left off a little depressing. Next chapter we'll figure out if they're okay. On a lighter note, I've actually had lemon pork stew and it's awesome (I know that doesn't make the sadness better but I tried). Hope you enjoyed it![Chapter 8] Now we get to learn how severe the injuries are, this chapter still isn't nice. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. Don had failed as a sergeant. All four members of his crew were lying injured in the medical tent, and he wasn't sure who was going to wake up. It was his job as their leader to protect them, yet he was standing beside them as the only one who'd gotten away with scratches and bruises. First there was Gordo, the best case scenario. They said he had a concussion and a gash on his head but in all likelihood he'd be up again in a few hours. Bible he felt the most guilty about. The man was an idiot for pushing him out of the way, and now he was looking at permanent scars all over his face and his arm because of it. He was being given continuous sedatives to keep him unconscious because every time he'd wake up he'd be screaming in pain. Grady had cracked ribs and a two crushed fingers, in addition to the minor burns he'd obtained from the explosion. And Norman, no doubt the dumbest of the bunch, had sustained the worst injuries. When they'd dug him out he'd been covered in blood and dust, but he didn't look much better now. The wing of the third plane had actually landed on top of him. From head to toe he was covered in cuts and gashes, though it was worst on his face where everything had been colored red. They weren't sure how deep the damage was or even if he'd be able to walk ever again. London and Annette were running around as fast as humanly possible, trying to help all the injured at once. Don couldn't help but feel a little selfish and hope that they'd at least be able to save his men. They were more than a crew to him, they were his family. \"Don, I don't think you should be here right now,\" London said. \"You're cleared for today; you should wait in the cell.\" All the survivors that had been on looting duty had been relieved of responsibilities for the rest of the day. \"I'm not going to leave them.\" \"Well right now you're just in our way.\" Annette didn't even have to look at him to deliver the cold statement. \"Uncalled for,\" chimed in London. He'd developed a habit of checking her when she wasn't being kind, even though she usually didn't listen. \"Don?\" Bible's voice interrupted everything and all three turned to the man. He was beginning to stir. \"Shit, he's not supposed to be awake,\" London said, grabbing more sedative. \"Bible, I just need you to relax okay?\" \"Wait.\" Bible put his hand up even though doing so drew a whimper of pain from his lips. \"Don.\" Don moved over to him gingerly. \"What is it brother?\" \"Tags, get the tags.\" His hand fell back down and it seemed like he'd passed out again. But Don knew enough to leave the tent while London gave Bible another dose. The scene of the crashes hadn't yet been disturbed, too many superstitious people afraid that somehow another plane would crash if they went near it. All the bodies were lying where they'd died, each one charred in some kind of way. He remembered Bible and Gordo's mission of collecting the dog tags of all the fallen, and now Bible wanted him to continue it while they were incapacitated. It wasn't difficult to get the dog tags of the prisoners, took him only five minutes to walk around and grab them. But as for the American pilot that had crashed, that was a different story. The plane had overturned and it was mangled beyond all recognition. Don was determined to do this for his men, so he got on his stomach and crawled under the wreckage. The pilot's body was still strapped in, his arms hanging limp. Don's hand reached up and yanked the tags off before he crawled back out as fast as he could. For a second he looked at the German plane, but all he did was spit on the wreck before heading for the remains of the shed. Much of the shed had collapsed and there were pieces of rubble everywhere. The transport vehicle had been severely damaged but it could still be repaired, which meant for now they still had a use for Grady. Then there was the third plane, wingless and covered in fire. Upon seeing that fire Don froze in his place. He'd admit it to no one, but he was terrified of fire. It was why he'd panicked upon seeing Bible's burns, why he'd stopped himself from racing through the fires to save Norman, because after he'd gotten his scars he'd promised himself to avoid fire for the rest of his life. But the pilot's body had broken through the glass and hung halfway out. Don forced himself to take step after step toward the plane and over to the pilot. He darted forward and grabbed the tags before running away. Thankfully no one had seen his fear; it wasn't the kind of thing that he'd ever share with the others. They couldn't know that their leader was afraid. Gordo woke up with the worst headache he'd ever felt in his entire life. Thankfully the tent flap was closed because even the light that was getting in threatened to blind him. It took him a moment to realize he was in the medical tent. \"How are you doing?\" London asked. \"I smell like shit and now I feel like shit. Do I look like shit?\" \"Can't blame that one on the planes.\" Gordo laughed despite the fact it hurt his aching chest. He tried to sit up but a dizzy feeling overtook him and he had to lie back down. \"What the hell's wrong with me?\" \"You have a minor concussion. It should go away in a few days, but you should take it easy for a few hours. Try and keep talking, I trust that shouldn't be a problem for you.\" Gordo looked over and saw his injured crewmates. \"Are they going to be okay?\" \"Bible's got some burns and Grady's ribs are a little cracked, but they'll recover soon enough. We're keeping them out just for now.\" \"What about Norman?\" London and Annette exchanged a look that suggested something Gordo didn't like. \"He's in bad shape; we have no way of knowing how severe the damage is. He hasn't even woken up once. Maybe he'll pull through, but we don't know.\" Gordo rolled over onto his side and stared at the battered form of the young kid he'd sat next to for weeks. The poor boy was not even eighteen yet, he was still innocent. \"Come on kid, I know you're tougher than this,\" he whispered. \"Don't quit on us now.\" So the others are going to be alright, but Norman's in trouble. Next chapter we get to see inside Norman's head. Let me know what you thought![Chapter 9] Sorry this is the longest it's taken me to update. It's not particularly long, but I promise the next chapter will be longer. Hope you enjoy it. I don't own anything I don't own. Norman had no idea where he was. It looked like a regular house, except it wasn't one that he recognized. Everything was in place as if someone had just moved in. Wherever it was it seemed that the war hadn't touched the house yet. He walked carefully through what he'd determined was the living room and examined the objects around him. There was a tiny little TV in the corner and the walls had been painted a beautiful blue that matched the color of the sky. \"Norman?\" When he heard his name coming from the other room he rushed over, anxious to make sense of all this. The woman's voice came from the kitchen, where he could smell eggs being cooked over a stove. As he entered he saw the woman standing there and she turned around to face him. \"Emma.\" He knew it was her; all her features had been etched permanently into his brain. Her silky hair was much neater than it had been when they found her in that German house. There was a smile on her face and she looked just as perfect as he remembered her. \"Breakfast is ready,\" she told him, still with a bit of German in her voice. As she scooped portions of egg onto three plates she noticed the strange look on his face. \"Is something wrong?\" \"I don't understand. I was in Germany, in a prison camp.\" She came up to him and kissed him delicately on his cheek. \"The war is over, Norman,\" she whispered gently. \"You were having a bad dream.\" He looked down at himself and saw he wasn't wearing his army uniform, instead he was dressed in a buttoned up shirt and slacks. \"Just a bad dream.\" A smile came on his face and he wrapped his arms around Emma, hugging her tightly. \"Sophia!\" Before his eyes a little girl came running in with a doll in one hand. He noticed she had brown hair just like his, and Emma's glistening eyes. \"Hi Daddy,\" she said cheerily. Her arms extended outward and he picked her up, holding her as close as humanly possible. \"Good morning sweetheart.\" For a brief moment he thought he never wanted to let this precious girl go, maybe he could just hold her in his arms for eternity. But he put her down and everyone took a seat at the kitchen table. \"So Sophia, are you excited?\" asked Emma. \"You get to start kindergarten on Monday.\" Sophia looked down at her plate, losing her smile. \"What if the other kids don't like me?\" Norman reached over and took her fragile hand, giving her a comforting grin. \"Everyone will love you,\" he promised. \"How could they not?\" That put Sophia back in a happy mood, all her teeth showing as she set her doll down next to her. The three ate breakfast together for the next few minutes. There was no rush for any of them, no place to be except with each other. They talked of what they could do for the weekend and what everyone wanted for dinner that night. Norman remembered that on weekdays he was a schoolteacher, but he kept a typewriter in his office for those moments when he felt like writing. It started after the war when he felt the need to put into words his experiences. \"I'll take care of the dishes,\" Emma said when everyone was finished. \"Can I help?\" asked Sophia, scooting out of her chair and bringing over her own plate. Like a little helper she handed over all the dishes and Emma started washing them in the sink. Norman felt peaceful for the first time in a while. A tank shell burst through the wall suddenly and exploded just above the sink. Norman was rocketed out of his seat and he landed on his back, dazed. When he recovered he saw the girls lying on the ground as well, except they weren't moving. Emma looked as if someone had taken her body and broken it. Her hair was singed and her arm lying limp over her face. Sophia was covered in blood, her beautiful eyes staring at him in a permanent gaze of fear. \"Emma, Sophia!\" he yelled, crawling over to them. He tried desperately to revive them, to shake them awake, but it was pointless. As he held his daughter in his arms he started to scream. And just as it had appeared the entire house was gone. Norman found himself standing in the middle of a field, a soldier once more. The broken Fury was in front of him and there were bodies surrounding him on all sides. But what caught his attention was the four corpses lying straightened out only a few feet away. The crew of the Fury was dead. \"Been with these fine gentlemen for years.\" He wasn't sure where Don's voice was coming from, but it echoed loud and clear. \"I need you to perform.\" \"Here's a Bible verse I think about sometimes.\" Bible's voice replaced that of the Sergeant. Many times. It goes: And I heard the voice of the Lord saying: Whom shall I send and who will go for Us? And I said: Here am I, send me!\" \"Do your job, do what you're here for!\" Gordo's yell nearly deafened him and he fell down to his knees. Then he heard Grady. \"The only reason you are not dead right now is because those men are my family and I'm not going to risk them. If anything should happen to any of them because of you I will break your neck.\" He forced himself to move over to his comrades and grabbed hold of Don's jacket. \"Wake up, Sarge!\" he shouted. \"Please, I can't do this without you! I'm not good enough.\" He felt himself being pulled off and saw American soldiers taking the bodies of his friends away. There was whispering all around and multiple eyes were glancing at him with quiet condemnation. \"Fury was one of the finest tank crews there ever was, and that kid killed them.\" \"What were they thinking, putting a puppy in a tank?\" The arms dragging him away faded, as did the bodies and the tanks and hating eyes. He was curled up in a ball with nothing around him but blackness. Everything was quiet, almost as if there was nobody left except for him. \"It's just a dream,\" he mumbled to himself. \"Just a bad dream. Wake up.\" Only no matter how many times he tried saying it, he wasn't waking up. Just to clarify in case anyone's freaking out, Norman's not dead. He's just stuck in a weird nightmare place. Next chapter we'll see the rest of the crew again and hopefully it won't take me a week to update. Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 10] Technically it has been just under a week, and this chapter is a good bit longer. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. It had been a day since the planes had crashed and most of the camp's occupants had gotten back to usual business. The bodies had been disposed of and the wreckages torn apart for scraps. Several prisoners had been tasked with repairing the shed so the transport vehicle could still be fixed. But for the Fury crew things hadn't quite gone back to normal. Grady had finally woken up in the late hours of yesterday. Thankfully he wasn't being given more work until the shed was rebuilt, because his ribs were making it very difficult to move. London had been able to help Bible enough that they could take him off the sedatives. His burns were sore but Don knew enough about surviving fire to assist him with managing the pain. The only problem was that Norman had still not shown any signs of recovery. He was still breathing, and occasionally his mouth would move as if he was talking. Faust had assigned a new prisoner to be his personal worker, a rugged man by the name of James. When Scar had suggested shooting Norman, Faust had strangely told him to wait a little while longer. Bible was charged with performing last rites for another Nazi, so Don and Gordo were alone in the sun sorting the scraps of the wreckage. If it was still intact they'd put it in one cart that the other prisoners would come and take to be used another time. Everything that was too damaged went in another pile that would be taken out of camp and discarded. Most of the pieces weren't too heavy, but the heat beating down on them soon caused them to sweat from the continuous back and forth. \"This is bullshit man,\" Gordo whispered. \"Whatever happened to the Geneva Convention? Lawful treatment of prisoners, adequate medical equipment, all that crap.\" Don laughed and dragged a charred piece of scrap over to the broken pile. \"No one's ever followed that,\" he told his comrade. \"It was just a piece of paper so people could feel better about themselves. The Geneva Convention is overruled by the most basic statement of combat. All's fair in love and war.\" \"None of this is fair. They're working people into the ground. They don't want anyone to survive; they want an excuse to kill us all.\" \"That's how you piss them off,\" Don answered. \"You live and you keep on living no matter how hard they want you to die.\" \"You think we're going to live?\" \"I think our boys are on their way right now, slaughtering each and every German in sight on the road over.\" \"But what about us? The five of us.\" \"I can't promise they won't shoot us in the head before this place gets stormed by soldiers. I know that if I'm going out, I'm not making it easy for them. No fucking Nazis are putting me down without a fight.\" Gordo grinned at his Sergeant, his spirit bolstered. There were a lot of commanders he'd come across at base camps that were all talk. Plenty of times they'd put some pompous ass in charge who had no clue how to act when shit hit the fan. But Don Collier was the genuine article of leaders. They didn't come any better than Wardaddy. \"Sarge, I should take those dog tags from you,\" he offered. He knew if they were found they'd probably be severely punished, and Don was too valuable to the others to die. \"What are these for?\" Don asked, pulling out one of the tags. \"Me and Bible, we're going to bring them to the families. It's the least they deserve.\" Wardaddy nodded and stowed it back in his pocket. \"I'm in.\" \"Sir, I don't think that's a good idea. If we get caught they might kill us.\" \"I'm still your commanding officer, Gordo. Your responsibilities are my own. Am I clear?\" Gordo sighed and rubbed his temple. \"There's no reasoning with you, is there Sarge?\" \"You should know the answer by now.\" \"Alright. We should finish with this junk.\" The two men continued their work, Don with the smirk of someone victorious. Sometimes the genuine article was a real pain in the ass. As Don worked outside with Gordo, Grady hung around the medical tent by himself. If anyone asked him he'd say that he was making it easier for London in case he passed out again. Since he wasn't going back to work until the shed was done he was lingering about in relative silence. But London glanced over at him from time to time and each glance caught the same image. Grady couldn't stop looking over at Norman. \"Worried about him?\" he asked. Grady scoffed and narrowed his eyes. \"Wondering if I should strangle him for being stupid.\" \"Come on Grady,\" London said knowingly. \"I know this 'I hate everyone' front is important to you for some reason, but just admit it. Despite all your efforts you like the kid.\" \"No I don't. He's a helpless idiot that landed us in this spot to begin with. The plane was just karma.\" London shook his head and got back to work, realizing he'd get nowhere with a man like Grady. In truth, Grady really didn't understand Norman. The kid had come to save him even after he'd threatened his life. Where he came from if someone threatened his life he'd be anxious for any opportunity to let them die. But Norman wasn't like that. He wasn't malicious or vindictive; he didn't like to hurt anyone. Most of them were hateful and bitter after being at war so long. They'd been in the tank with Norman for a few weeks and it was clear that he couldn't hate someone. He tried to hate the Nazis when he was around them so they would think he was tough like them, but Grady could tell it was just an act. Norman was innocent; the world hadn't ruined him yet. No, he was weak. He'd gotten a whole tank full of men killed because he couldn't shoot a Nazi. If not for him Grady might be in some German town, getting under the skirt of a pretty little dame. He couldn't let Norman get under his skin. Except he kept thinking about the moment when he had pinned him against the wall of their cell. As he shook Norman and hit him and yelled at him, never once had he seen any anger. The kid's eyes were full of light, not darkness like so many other men. Maybe Grady was starting to get soft, but maybe the boy was supposed to be in that tank with them. At home he never had any siblings, especially not a little brother. Norman's mouth started moving again and Grady leaned in close, trying to understand exactly what he was saying. His muscles twitched just tightly and his head turned from side to side as if he was in distress. Finally there was one word that Grady was able to make out. It was one he'd become accustomed to hear from Norman, sorry. \"Hey squirt, you got to fight through this,\" he said softly. \"You're not going to die for me, understand? Wake up, alright? Wake up.\" As he spoke, Norman actually started to stir. \"Grady?\" \"I'm right here. Come on, you're almost there.\" Norman's eyes fluttered open and he looked around in confusion. \"What happened?\" he questioned. \"Everything was dark and everything hurt.\" \"You got hit by a plane, kid.\" \"How am I alive?\" \"You're one tough machine.\" As Grady helped Norman sit up, he called out, \"London, I need a wet rag over here!\" London became aware of Norman's awakening and his eyes widened. \"Holy shit, Norman.\" He hurriedly grabbed a rag and dunked it in a bucket full of water, handing it over to Grady. \"You shouldn't have done what you did, almost got yourself killed.\" It hurt Grady's broken fingers to hold the rag but he fought through it. He held Norman in place as he wiped the dried blood off his face, though it was clear Norman didn't like having his face cleaned. \"You're not going to kill me?\" \"Maybe one of these days, but not today.\" When all the blood was gone there were still several cuts left. London started inspecting him as Grady waited right beside him. \"We weren't sure if you were going to come out of it,\" the medic confessed to Norman. \"Do you feel alright? Can you breathe properly, can you see?\" Norman tested all off his body's normal functions as London ran through them all. \"It's a little blurry. Everything aches a little bit.\" London took his hand and bent each of his fingers one by one, feeling his chest for any fractures. \"I must say you are lucky as hell. There's a lot of bruising, some gashes that need cleaning, but on the whole there doesn't seem to be any broken bones. Why don't you try standing up?\" Grady assisted him in standing up, but once he was on his feet Norman moved alright. Though his thigh wound still hadn't quite healed his movements were almost back to normal. London ran through a few more inspects and made sure all of the open wounds were clean before he was allowed to leave. Even though Norman could walk perfectly fine on his own Grady still went back to the cell with him to make sure. When they opened the door they saw their crewmates sitting there, and all eyes widened at the sight of Norman. \"Look who's still alive,\" Grady declared. Everyone was up and hugging Norman in a giant circle, Bible patting him on the back and Don tousling his hair. \"Man, someone up there loves you a lot,\" chimed in Gordo. Finally the group parted. \"Alright let's give him room to breathe.\" Everyone in the group sat back down on the floor, with the exception of Grady. \"In light of our boy's miraculous recovery,\" he told everyone, \"I hereby christen you Machine!\" The others cheered and chanted Machine as well, drawing a wide smile from Norman. Grady liked having these positive feelings, and he wished they would stay with him forever. But they wouldn't. I know that last sentence might have ruined it. It seemed to me like Grady's feelings toward Norman in the movie were back and forth and I wanted to reflect that, so I don't think all the negative is gone but it's getting a little better. What do you think about Don joining the dog tag collection, and the rejection of the Geneva Convention? I'm dragging this on a little so I'll wrap it up. Let me know what you thought![Chapter 11] Six days again, that's so weird. Oh well. This is kind of a filler but it's setting up some important parts. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. One of London and Annette's patients was at serious risk of dying. The prisoner had been with several others working on building weapons for the German soldiers when he'd fallen behind. When Scar dragged him in he'd been covered with bruises and it appeared several of his bones were broken. The worst part was the blunt force trauma to the skull they were trying to relieve. \"Annette, set the bone on his leg,\" London told her. Today they weren't arguing, both were too focused on saving this prisoner. She grabbed the man's leg and worked and putting the bone back in its proper place so they could splint it. \"I need you to wrap the wound,\" she replied, handing him gauze. He delicately cleaned the part of his head where he'd been hit the most severely and dressed it with gauze. At the same time she started putting the splint on his leg. \"We'll need to roll him onto his side so he doesn't start to choke.\" \"I've almost got it on.\" As soon as the splint was applied London rolled the man onto his side. Seconds later vomit started pooling out of his mouth, though the prisoner wasn't reacting or responding at all. London opened both his eyes and saw that his pupils weren't the same size. This was worse than he'd thought. \"This is all very interesting,\" Scar interrupted, \"but we don't have the resources to waste on one piece of shit.\" \"Then you shouldn't have done this to him,\" countered London. \"Will he be able to work or not?\" \"It's not that simple,\" Annette answered. \"It might take a couple of days for his head injury to heal and even with the splint his leg won't be able to work at full capacity for a little while.\" \"Simple enough for me,\" stated Scar. Before either could react he took out his pistol and shot their patient through the back of the head, splattering blood over London. \"You son of a bitch!\" shouted London, going for Scar. He managed to get in two punches but Scar grabbed him and shoved him onto the ground. \"You're lucky that we need a second doctor or I'd put you on that operating table,\" the German warned. \"I'll send someone in to clean this mess up.\" With that he was gone. \"Fuck!\" London started punching anything in arms reach, venting all the rage that he had for the Nazis and for all the dead and for this fucked up situation he'd found himself in. \"There's nothing you could've done,\" whispered Annette. For the first time he found her attitude very irritating. \"None of this ever matters to you, does it? No one else's lives matter, only yours.\" \"You're wrong.\" \"Who do you care about besides yourself?\" \"My sister.\" That quieted London and he stared at her in surprise. \"You have a sister?\" \"You want to know my story?\" she asked. \"I was a nurse in Paris, and I lived with my younger sister Camille. I made good enough money to support us. Our life wasn't fancy but it was alright. Then these damn Nazis invaded my home. They destroyed homes, killed those I called my neighbors. Because of my experience with medicine they didn't harm me or Camille. But when the Americans and the British began to reclaim France, they started taking nurses out of the country to help with the war effort. It was against our will but we had to survive.\" \"I guess that explains why you hate all of us.\" \"I don't bear any ill will toward the Americans or the British. It helps me know that Camille is safe from the Germans. But she needs me. So I do the work that is required of me because I made her a promise that I would come back for her. When this war is over I'll return home and we'll live our regular lives again. My story doesn't end here.\" By the time her confession was over there were tears in Annette's eyes and she turned away from London to hide them. \"I understand,\" he said. \"You have a family to go back to.\" He walked over to her and put a hand on her shoulder. \"I feel sorrow for every patient I can't save,\" confessed Annette. \"I wonder if any of them made their own promise before they left for war.\" \"You're right, we can't save everyone. But we can't blame ourselves.\" Finally she turned back to them, wiping her tears away and with them wiping away her vulnerability. \"But we can save some. Let's get back to work.\" She started getting her supplies into place and London smirked, he'd cracked her walls now. The shed had finally been repaired, so Grady was back to his usual job of working on the transport vehicle. He was actually starting to get used to doing it every day and the thought pissed him off. Fury should've been his routine, he should've slept and ate and breathed in that tank. He really missed being in his armored, Nazi killing home. Standing over him was one of the other officers that aided Scar in monitoring the prisoners, Dietrich. Grady almost would've preferred Scar, he didn't like the way Dietrich kept looking at him. It was how he looked at a girl, how Gordo looked at beer, Boyd at his Bible. He'd heard stories from the others about Dietrich watching some of the prisoners working with their shirts off, even though he wasn't assigned to watch them. It was unnerving. \"Would you stop staring at me?\" he demanded. \"Have to make sure you don't try anything,\" replied Dietrich. Such bullshit. \"Exactly what would I do? I'm in a shed and there are guards posted on all the walls.\" \"Just get back to work.\" Grady shook his head and worked on getting rid of all the dents that the vehicle had sustained when the shed collapsed. He could handle this shifty bastard, but he made a mental note to keep Dietrich away from all of his crewmates. Norman didn't know what to expect when he walked into Faust's quarters for the first time in two days. He remembered that Faust had ordered him to stay put, so he wasn't sure if he'd be punished or not. But as soon as he strolled through the door he saw another man working for Faust, cleaning the floor. That didn't stop Faust from standing up to greet him. \"Norman, I'm glad to see you made a full recovery,\" the officer told him with a smile. \"Sir, have I been reassigned?\" asked Norman. Faust glanced over at James, who stopped what he was doing. \"Oh, not at all,\" Faust explained. \"I had tasks I needed doing in your absence and James has filled that slot. Your services will no longer be needed James.\" Two shots fired from his pistol into James, causing Norman to fall to his knees. \"Why did you do that?\" \"James was working for me because he had an ankle fracture. He wouldn't be fit for any other job. So he wasn't needed anymore. Death is the best medical treatment.\" Norman got to his feet. \"Screw you, you psychopath!\" Faust wrapped a hand around Norman's throat and pinned him to the wall. \"You are alive only by my doing. I could have let them shoot you while you were lying injured on a hospital bed. Do not test my patience.\" He released Norman and Norman coughed violently as he tried to catch his breath. Bible was the one called in to take James' body away and he gave a nod to Norman, somehow the small smile on his face made Norman feel a little better. But then he did something odd; when Faust wasn't looking Bible took James' tag and hid it in his pocket. By the time Faust was watching again Bible was dragging James outside. His finger discreetly pressed to his lips, telling Norman not to say a word. So Norman stared down at the ground and waited for Bible to leave, confused as to what was going on. But he'd gotten used to not understanding the rest of the crew. Don had taken the body of the injured prisoner and he met Bible over at the disposal site, both of them with their assigned corpses. Bible had a look of concern on his face that Don didn't like. \"What's the matter?\" \"Faust shot James in front of Norman. I came in to take the body but he saw me take the tag.\" Don had grabbed the prisoner's tag, but it was too dangerous for Norman. He spent so much time around Faust that it was nearly impossible for him to get caught if he knew too much. \"Let me talk to him.\" \"We can't tell him what's going on or he'll want in on it.\" \"I know, just let me handle it.\" Don knew exactly what to say to Norman. If there was one person they wouldn't put in danger it was their boy. Never. Sorry some of these parts were kind of short, like I said there's some important stuff coming up eventually. Next chapter there's going to be some Wardaddy and Norman. What do you think about Annette's history and creepy Dietrich? Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 12] This chapter isn't particularly long, but I'm still building toward some important moments. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. Once again Gordo was thinking about how good it would feel to kill Scar. The Mexican and African American prisoners were being forced to discard the charred bones of those who had been burnt. Each of them couldn't help but look at each bone and wonder if had belonged to someone they knew. Among the soldiers watching them was the sadistic Scar, the racist enjoying every moment of his personal show. \"Pick up the pace!\" he shouted. Finally Gordo had enough and he threw his bone on the ground. \"You're a coward,\" spat Gordo. \"You think you're a man because you can stand behind your guards and your gun and work prisoners into the ground. But you wouldn't be half as bold if you fought someone man to man.\" Scar handed over his pistol to one of the other Nazis and removed his hat. \"And you think you're the man to fight me?\" \"I am.\" Scar smirked and stepped forward. \"No one is to interfere. We'll see if the Mexican is able to back up his words.\" The prisoners had frozen and their eyes were locked on Gordo, examining him as if they were already seeing him as a pile of bones. Gordo threw the first punch and it connected with Scar's jaw. Scar seemed genuinely surprised that he had actually been hit, but it was only for a second. When he struck he aimed for Gordo's gut and doubled the man over. That gave him the chance to bring his knee up into Gordo's face and knock him to the ground. Gordo scrambled to his feet and charged at Scar, taking them both down to the ground. From there he unleashed an onslaught of punches as hard as he could. But Scar managed to kick him off and stood up. The fight was practically over from there. His foot slammed into Gordo's torso repeatedly and every time Gordo tried to get up Scar punched him back down again. When Gordo had no energy left to get up Scar retrieved his pistol. \"Does anyone else have doubts about my leadership capabilities?\" Gordo was prepared for a shot to the head to end it, but instead Scar told him, \"I'll have a great deal of fun breaking you.\" \"You'll never turn me into a monster like you,\" he replied. \"We're not like you.\" \"You think these men are better than us?\" Scar openly laughed and dragged Gordo to his feet. \"Bring five of them forward.\" The soldiers took five of the prisoners and pushed them over. \"What are you doing?\" demanded Gordo. \"Well gentlemen, this man here insinuates you still have honor and integrity. Let's see if that's true. The last man standing among you five gets a fresh pair of clothes and a tray of food from the officers' kitchen. But if no one throws a blow in fifteen seconds then you all go back to your cells wanting.\" It took only three seconds for one of the prisoners to punch another in the throat. They were on top of each other like animals, clawing and biting and hitting anyone that wasn't them. One even gouged out another's eye. Gordo watched it all with horror and disgust, unable to process his fellow Americans doing this to each other for food and clothing. \"If a dog's hungry enough,\" explained Scar, \"it'll rip out the throat of anything in its way. The price of integrity's one these men don't want to pay. I guess you stand alone.\" Eventually there was a winner, covered in the blood of the others, and he was taken to get his hard fought prize. The four corpses were dragged away, soon to become more bones to dispose of. Don was waiting for Norman when the boy entered the cell. Norman seemed to have a mess of emotions, sadness from the death he'd witnessed and confusion from Bible and relief that Don was there. A slight hiss came from his lips as he slid down to the ground, the pressure on his leg relieving itself. \"Your leg getting any better?\" asked Don. \"A little bit,\" Norman answered. \"It still hurts when I'm on it for too long. I think it's better than it was though.\" \"Good. I'm sure it'll be back to normal eventually.\" Both could read the other's face and tell that there was a conversation they needed to have. \"Sir, did Bible say anything to you about dog tags?\" \"Come here, let's have a talk.\" Norman scooted over to the other side of the cell next to Don. \"I already know about the dog tags.\" \"But what are they for? Wouldn't you get in trouble if Faust knew?\" \"Look, this is something very dangerous. It's something that we want to keep a secret.\" \"I'm not just a child, sir. I can handle it.\" \"The more people that know about what we're doing the bigger the chance that someone will find out. You don't want the Krauts to find out, do you?\" \"Of course not.\" Don cupped a hand around Norman's neck and looked him directly in the eye. \"Do you trust me, Norman?\" \"With my life, sir.\" The answer was direct and without hesitation, just what Don was hoping to hear. \"All I'm asking,\" he whispered. \"is for you to say nothing about what you saw. I promise that this is best for you and best for all of us. You understand?\" Norman nodded and Don patted him on the cheek. \"Can I ask you a question Sarge?\" questioned Norman. \"You can ask whatever you want,\" Don replied. \"Doesn't mean I'll answer.\" \"How come you've never said anything about yourself? I don't know where you come from or what your family's like or anything like that.\" \"Some men don't like talking about themselves, Norman. Especially if they're soldiers.\" \"I don't have any problem with it. I live in San Francisco with my dad. He's a Senator, so he has a big house.\" \"I'm one of the men that don't like talking.\" Norman took the hint and put his head down. Just to make him feel better, Don added, \"But I used to live in Oregon.\" A tiny little smile appeared on Norman's face, it was enough for now. Bible wouldn't figure out that he'd dropped a dog tag until a few hours later. They'd reason that it fell out of his very stuffed pockets. But in those few hours it was lying on the ground looking completely out of place. As misfortune would have it, the man to discover the tag would be Faust. He recognized the name from one of the prisoners he'd shot, and it was supposed to be burnt with the body. This simply wouldn't do. \"Get the word around,\" he told Scar. \"These prisoners are playing us for fools. Make sure everyone knows that any prisoner who comes forward with information about suspicious activity will be given a reward. It's time to stop playing fair.\" Oops, now Faust knows someone has dog tags. Sorry Bible has been somewhat sidelined the last few chapters but I'll try to include him more in the next update. Just out of curiosity because Scar's done something to all of my good guys except Annette, who do you guys think should kill Scar if given the opportunity? Also what do you think about Gordo's bravery and Don's heart to heart with Norman? I'll update soon![Chapter 13] Thanks for all the feedback! Next chapter is super important and kind of messed up, but this one's got some important parts too. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. \"So what do we do now?\" That was the question Bible asked as the three tag collectors sat in the cell together. By now word had spread that someone was taking dog tags and everyone around camp was watching for the guilty party that had taken them. The three of them were disgusted that all it took was a tiny little reward to turn people against each other but at this point everyone was cold and starving enough to do anything. \"If any of us get caught we're fucked,\" Gordo pointed out. \"Scar's looking for any good reason to shoot us through the head.\" \"Probably because you keep pissing him off.\" \"Okay, enough,\" declared Don. \"As tough as it might be, we might have to stop taking the dog tags for a little while.\" \"I won't do that.\" Both Don and Gordo stared at Bible, whose conviction was unwavering even with their eyes on him. \"Perhaps you don't understand all the bad shit that will happen to us if someone turns us in,\" chimed in Gordo. \"I understand what I'm risking,\" Bible replied. \"I'm the one that dropped that tag and got us in this mess, I'm the one that's going to keep collecting the tags, and if I have to face consequences they'll be mine to face alone.\" \"What we're trying to do here is noble, and I get that you want to give these men respect. But there's no point to it if you get yourself killed in the process.\" \"Don, please.\" Once again Don paused as his first name was used, Bible's voice sounding urgent. \"This isn't just about giving them the respect they deserve, I mean it's part of it but not all. I've been trying to keep my head since the day we got in here, to stay calm and keep it together. Saving these tags, it makes me feel like I'm doing some kind of good in here. Like I get to say 'fuck you' to the damn Nazis and spit in their faces. I can't give that up, even if it kills me.\" The other two were quiet for a moment; they never knew the deeper meaning for Bible to do what he did. \"If you're willing to give your life for this,\" Don told him, \"I doubt there's much that I can do to stop you. Gordo, you'll have to leave it to us for a little while. They'll be looking at you especially because of their Aryan ideas.\" \"Us, sir?\" questioned Bible. \"Like it or not, we were bound together the moment we stepped foot into the same vehicle. This might be your burden, but there's no way I'll let you carry it alone.\" \"Thank you Sarge.\" Perhaps it was a burden that brought men together, or perhaps there were some that were born to be brothers. Norman was trying to go back to normal with his work in Faust's office. He scrubbed down the desk as Faust watched; amused that he could observe someone cleaning for him. His eyes began to wander around the desk as he had to move some of Faust's possessions to clean under them. When he moved around to the other side to wipe down the drawers he saw one had been left partially open. Inside he could see one of the dog tags. \"Sir, why do you have a dog tag?\" he inquired nervously. \"I thought everyone had heard,\" Faust replied nonchalantly. \"Some naughty prisoner has been keeping a secret from the rest of us. When we find out who, they're going to be severely punished.\" \"Killed?\" \"Perhaps. Back to your work.\" Norman nodded and kept going, though on the inside his brain was racing. This was why they didn't want him to know, because they knew that it was dangerous. It didn't seem like Faust had any suspicion as to who it was, but the crew couldn't keep the secret hidden forever. \"Officer Faust,\" called one of the soldiers, rushing in. \"You've been requested in the armory.\" Faust glanced over at Norman. \"I'm required elsewhere. I trust you won't do anything stupid for the few minutes I'm gone. This desk better be spotless when I return.\" As soon as he was alone Norman went back to eyeing the tags. Sergeant Collier had told him not to ask questions about what they were doing, but he never said Norman couldn't help. His fingers curled around the tags and before he knew what he was doing he'd placed them deep in his pocket. Well, he was involved now. Later that day Gordo had been sent to clean up the medical tent again. If it wasn't cleaned every couple of days the filth from the several injured patients would start to get out of control. London and Annette worked around him as he cleaned, though it didn't take long before there wasn't anyone else coming in. As he wiped away some of the blood that had been left behind his body was still aching from his fight with Scar and it was becoming apparent to London. \"Gordo, you doing alright?\" the medic asked with concern. \"I'm fine, just a little sore,\" answered Gordo. London took notice of the cuts that he'd gotten from getting knocked to the ground and punched so many times. \"If those cuts get infected you're not going to be fine.\" He patted one of the tables and instructed, \"Have a seat, I'll take care of those.\" \"I shouldn't stop cleaning.\" \"We're the only ones in here. Annette, are you going to tell on him?\" She shook her head and Gordo reluctantly sat on the table so London could do his job. \"What does it matter to you anyway?\" \"Well I wouldn't have signed up to be a medic if I had no interest in helping people,\" London explained. \"Besides, we are cellmates.\" He put some of the antibacterial solution on a cloth and started dabbing it all over Gordo's face, causing Gordo to hiss in pain. \"Shit, that hurts!\" \"You know what hurts worse?\" inquired London. \"An infection. Stop bitching and let me finish.\" He'd been through five years of service for the British military and every soldier was the same. They could take a bullet through the shoulder just fine and they'd put on a tough front in the field, but the moment they needed medical care they turned into children. \"What happened to your crew?\" Gordo asked. \"Dead.\" \"I know that. How'd they die, how'd you end up here?\" London finished cleaning the cuts and tossed the rag aside, his normally upbeat demeanor extinguished. \"German tank, a Tiger,\" he finally answered. \"We were on our way to the rendezvous point when it came out of nowhere. First blast took out our commanding officer and two others. The rest of us scrambled to outrun it, but the second shot got everyone else. I ran and ran until I couldn't hear the wheels turning anymore. A German patrol caught me on my way to the rendezvous and brought me here.\" \"I'm sorry man,\" Gordo said. \"We lost our assistant driver a month ago.\" \"I thought Norman was your assistant driver.\" \"Norman was the replacement. Come on, you think the kid's been in war for that long?\" \"So what happened to your crew?\" \"I think we might've fought your Tiger. Took four tanks to blow the damn thing up, and we were the only one left. After that a landmine disabled our baby and we got caught too.\" \"I hope it was the same Tiger. I hope every Nazi in there burned alive.\" Gordo got back up and grabbed his cleaning supplies. \"Well, now we're all here,\" he stated. \"But it's not the end. Thanks for the help.\" He extended his hand and London took it. \"Anytime.\" Now you know the background of London, and Norman's not being very wise. I realized while writing this that Norman's main interactions have been with Don and Grady, so I want him to have moments with the others. Which would you rather see, Norman and Bible or Norman and Gordo? Let me know what you thought, next chapter's really important![Chapter 14] Here's the important chapter. I hope you like it but I'm not sure if that's possible. Warning: It gets kind of rough in this one. There were very few times when Norman had been completely alone during his time in the camp. Faust rarely left him in the quarters by himself, and soldiers would always escort him back to his cell where usually at least one of his friends was waiting. But as Faust was gone to handle an issue in the armory, Norman was polishing the desk like he was told and there was no one around to see. As it turned out, he only needed to be alone for a few minutes for things to go horribly wrong. Don and Bible were the first to notice that something was off. They had a direct view of Faust's quarters from where they were working and they watched him leave with another soldier. For some reason the two were heading for the armory, even though there weren't many people still working there at this time of day. A moment after they started to notice a group of Nazis hovering near the quarters, among them Dietrich. \"I don't like the look of this Sarge,\" Bible told him quietly. Don shared his uneasiness as they kept glancing over at Dietrich and his comrades. \"We need to get the others.\" If something happened the two of them weren't enough to contend with Dietrich's group. \"You find Grady, I'll get Gordo.\" At first Norman didn't think anything of it when Dietrich's group walked into the quarters and shut the door. There had been plenty of times when Nazis wanted to speak with Faust and Norman had just been a coincidental audience. So he kept polishing the desk. \"Faust isn't here. He had to go take care of something.\" That was when he heard the sound of curtains being pulled shut and saw the Nazis advancing. \"We know,\" Dietrich whispered with a snake-like smile. \"We wanted you all alone, little Norman.\" Now Norman started to back up, looking around for some kind of help even though he knew there was none. \"What do you want?\" \"When you're in war there are so many things you miss,\" the German told him softly. There were eight in total, and it was clear they were trying to form a circle around him. He attempted to run but two Nazis grabbed a hold of him and pinned his arms. \"Let go of me.\" It didn't come out as forceful as he wished, instead he sounded afraid. \"Do you know what I miss, Norman?\" asked Dietrich. \"I miss the touch of another person. I find myself craving it so often, I find myself feeling such desire that I could hardly contain it.\" His hand delicately touched Norman's cheek even though the boy struggled to escape. \"Help, somebody help!\" Dietrich's hand clamped over Norman's mouth and muffled his cries of terror. \"Now, now, we'll have none of that.\" At that moment Norman elbowed one of the men holding him and kicked Dietrich, throwing blows at every Nazi that was within his reach. But it didn't take long for the eight to assault him with a barrage of punches until he was down on the ground. \"Little bastard has some fight in him,\" commented one of the other Nazis. They continued to hit him and he was too hurt to fight back against all of them. Though he tried to defend himself every time he moved his hands another part of him would get kicked. Finally Dietrich yanked the half-conscious American back up. \"Help,\" Norman choked out, barely audible. His pathetic attempt to speak caused laughter among the Nazis. \"There's no one to help you, no one to protect you. You belong to us now, Norman. And we'll take turns having our fun with you. And then we'll kill you.\" His hands started running up and down Norman's chest, his grin growing wider with each second. Don rushed into the medical tent, almost out of breath. Immediately all three of the occupants looked over at him with confusion. Gordo stopped cleaning and moved over to his Sergeant, clapping him on the shoulder. \"What's the matter Sarge?\" \"Something's wrong,\" Don explained. \"Norman's alone in the officer's quarters, and there's a group of krauts circling the building.\" This caused Annette's eyes to widen and she pushed Gordo out of her way to get to Don. \"Was Dietrich one of them?\" \"Yeah, why?\" Annette grabbed him and pointed out the door. \"You need to go get Norman now,\" she said urgently. \"Dietrich is one of the men I warned you about.\" As soon as it clicked with Don the man was sprinting back the way he came. Gordo and London followed after him, ready to fight. \"Stay here,\" London told Annette, not wanting her to get hurt. Then they were gone. Faust walked briskly up to the armory with the soldier who'd retrieved him trailing behind. He didn't like leaving Norman all alone with his possessions, but whatever this issue was couldn't take that long. When he pushed the armory doors open he saw that everyone was working just as they were supposed to do. \"Sir, what are you doing here?\" asked one of the soldiers. All the prisoners temporarily froze at the sight of the man they knew could decide to shoot them at any moment. \"I was told there was a problem here.\" \"There hasn't been a problem today, sir. Our workers are moving at full capacity.\" At closer inspection this did seem to be true. Nothing really was out of place, which didn't make sense. \"Why was I told there was an issue?\" he demanded, turning around to face the soldier who'd called him away. To his surprise, there was no longer anyone there. The soldier had slipped away. Norman still felt weak from the beating, and his head was fuzzy from smacking it on the ground, but he knew what was happening. There were tears in his eyes as he was forcibly bent over Faust's desk by Dietrich. The other seven were watching intently and chuckling at the sight of Norman's helpless state. Dietrich's hand reached around and unzipped Norman's pants before he did the same to his own. \"Are you ready, Norman?\" he inquired, the delight in his tone sickening. The next second, Norman felt Dietrich being pulled off of him and he sank to the floor again. Bible and Grady had burst into the building and they were furiously pummeling the Nazis. Even the normally passive Bible was enraged and slamming a soldier's head on the floor repeatedly. \"You twisted Jerry sons of bitches!\" yelled Grady, wrapping his hands around the throat of Dietrich. However, he and Bible were forced on the ground when each was attacked by three Nazis. Dietrich got to his feet once more and brushed himself off. \"Hold them down. We have more playmates when we're finished with the boy.\" He turned his attention back to Norman, who was sitting on the ground trembling. \"You will not lay a hand on my crew,\" stated Don, entering the quarters with Gordo and London. Bible and Grady fought again while assisted by the others. Don swiped a knife from one of the Nazis and gutted him with it. It became a sickening display as most of the soldiers were beaten and beaten until their faces were bloody. Norman had retreated into his mind where he felt safe, though he could still feel the fear that was causing him to shake uncontrollably. He was vaguely aware of Bible zipping up his pants and then pulling his hands away quickly as if to show he meant no harm. The religious man didn't himself believe in killing a man so brutally, if he was required to kill he'd do it swiftly and cleanly. That said, he did nothing to intervene as the Nazis who tried to rape his younger brother were beaten to death by the others. \"What is going on in here?\" Faust had returned with another group of soldiers, each armed and aiming at the Americans. Dietrich's seven followers had been slaughtered but he himself was not dead yet. \"These fuckers were trying to rape Norman!\" Grady had no fear as he took a step forward to face Faust. The officer looked at Dietrich in shock; this was something that he hadn't been aware of. \"Sir, we must kill these Americans,\" demanded Dietrich. \"They have spilled German blood. Aryan blood.\" \"Kill us if you want,\" Don said calmly, \"but that boy is ours and no one will harm a hair on his head.\" \"Sir, you can't be listening to these-\" Dietrich's protests were cut off when Faust shot him through the head and his corpse dropped to join the seven others. \"I'd like to thank you gentlemen,\" Faust said, regaining his composure. \"The Aryan race had no place for homosexuals and you took care of them for us. Take him and return to your cell. No further work will be required of any of you today.\" It seemed that was all that mattered to Faust, German pride. \"Come on, stand up.\" Norman came out of his head when he registered Don's voice gently urging him to move. Several strong arms lifted him up and Don held him close as the group of six exited the quarters with their lives still not ended yet. In the cell, Don carefully took a seat without ever taking both his hands off of Norman. He felt so much pity, so much anger as he felt the severity with which Norman's whole body just shook. Dietrich deserved such a more painful death but at least no one ever had to worry about him again. \"I got you,\" he whispered. \"They can't hurt you anymore, we made sure of that. We'll never let anyone do that to you.\" This wasn't the talk of a soldier or a Sergeant, it was the words of family. Norman didn't know if it was the words of a brother or a father or an uncle, but it was family all the same. Gordo, who would jump into a fight for him without a second's thought. Grady, whose rage could be a good thing when they were on the same side. Bible, whose caring parental nature always put his wellbeing at the forefront of his actions. And especially Don, who made him feel safer than he'd felt in a long time and gave him words of comfort that meant everything. He really did trust these men with his life and now he remembered why. After a while he fell asleep in the exact same spot, one of Don's hands around his shoulders and the other gently placed on his head. The group had formed a circle around the boy to sleep in, and would never let it break. Don't hate me for what I almost let happen because it didn't, and there's a lot of crew love at this moment. I feel bad that the only gay character in the whole story is a rapist, but that was not intentional. I didn't think Bible would beat someone to death so I had him take care of Norman instead. What do you guys think of Faust, is he really about German pride or does he genuinely care about Norman by this point? Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 15] I know this is the longest I've gone without updating, but hopefully you guys can forgive a day or two because of the holidays. After last chapter's incident, we get to have some more heart to heart in this one. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. It was late the next morning and no one had come to get Norman or Gordo. The others had been assigned jobs for the day, but it seemed that they'd been forgotten. For Norman it worked out. He was perfectly comfortable just hiding in their cell for the rest of his existence. In here he still believed that no one would hurt him, but he definitely wasn't safe out there. \"Are you doing better?\" Gordo asked him gently. \"No.\" Gordo scooted closer to the kid and put a comforting hand on his leg. \"You don't have to worry. Everything will turn out okay.\" Norman looked over at him with an expression of embarrassment. \"It wasn't anything like Emma,\" he whispered. \"I still miss her, Gordo.\" It all started to make sense; Norman couldn't stop thinking about the girl that he loved. She was probably his first. \"Do you want to know why I've been with so many women in this war?\" Gordo inquired. Norman had to admit he had been curious why Gordo and Grady seemed to have sex with a different woman every city they stopped in. \"Why?\" \"I can't have any kids, Norman. Before the war I had a girl, she was everything you could ask for. I wanted a child so bad and so did she. But every time we tried it didn't work. So I talked to my doctor and he told me I'd never have kids of my own. My girl, she left me after that.\" \"Just because you couldn't have kids?\" \"I guess that was more important to her than the man she ended up with. So it doesn't matter what skirt I sleep with now. No chance of anything happening. And when I die, I'm leaving nothing behind but a pile of corpses.\" There was a long moment where neither could say anything, and then Norman found his voice again. \"What about Grady?\" \"Grady's just horny when he gets drunk,\" Gordo told him. \"He shouldn't even wear a belt so his pants could come down faster.\" \"You are leaving something behind,\" the boy stated. \"Maybe you'll meet a good woman and she'll love you but maybe you won't. Either way it doesn't matter. You could die tomorrow and people would still remember you as a good man.\" \"Who, Norman?\" asked Gordo. \"Most of the guys outside our unit, all they knew me as was the Mexican. Who's going to remember who I was?\" \"Don will. Bible and Grady will. I will. Here lies Trini Garcia, a man with the biggest pair in the whole military.\" Both started laughing hard, as if they had been holding it in for days and it was bursting out now. \"I like it.\" \"I wonder what it would say on my tombstone.\" Gordo put an arm around Norman. \"We won't have to wonder for a long time,\" he promised. \"But if I had my way, it would say 'Norman Ellison was only 17 but he was already more of a man than most will ever be. Let all who read this know he was named Machine.'\" \"I love that name,\" admitted Norman, which made Gordo smile even more. Don was back in the medical tent sweeping and the two medics were just lounging about casually. London was busy tending to cuts on his knuckles that he'd gotten from beating one of the Nazis to death. Annette kept glancing over at the Brit, something hiding in her eyes that seemed possibly like infatuation. But then she was looking at Don and it was gone. \"Is the boy alright?\" she asked him. \"At least physically.\" It was the best answer he could give that was true. He knew that it would take Norman time before he could eventually be the same again and everyone would give him that time. The important thing was that they were all still together and they trusted each other. \"Good,\" said Annette. \"I can take care of your hands next, Don,\" London offered, which Don accepted with a nod. \"I can't express how much I appreciate your help. You didn't have to help us or Norman.\" \"It's not a hard choice for me. I like the kid and I like the rest of you. Besides, there aren't a whole lot of Normans left in the world.\" The sentiment behind it was clear and all three understood it completely. \"No there aren't.\" Bible had decided he was going to take a detour on his way back to his cell today, so he ended up walking across camp. As it so happened he ended up near the shed where Grady was working. He poked his head in the door to check for Nazis, finding none supervising. Grady seemed to register his presence as he entered. \"Hey Bible.\" \"You got no one watching you today?\" Grady looked around as if only just realizing he was alone. \"Guess not. Dietrich was assigned here, but he's supervising in hell now.\" Something about that sentence struck Bible as particularly bitter, and it worried him. \"Are you okay, Grady?\" he inquired. Grady finally stopped tinkering with the transport vehicle and sat down on the floor. \"I am pretty fucking far from alright,\" was his answer. \"I don't understand. I don't understand how people can be so cruel or heartless like Dietrich or Scar or Faust. I don't know if I love Norman or hate him and it pisses me off. Where I come from I always knew if I hated a person. My pa told me I could punch whoever I wanted, so long as I did it for the right reasons.\" \"That explains a lot about you,\" chimed in Bible, but Grady didn't pay much attention. \"But we killed hundreds of fucking Germans and I don't even know if I hate them or not. I didn't even know any of them. I'm so tired of it. I'm tired of not understanding anything about where I am or why. I'm tired of sometimes finding grease on my fingers and sometimes finding blood. Why the hell was I even in that tank?\" \"You were in that tank because we needed you. And we still do.\" \"You didn't need me. All I did was hand you the shells, Gordo knows how to fix the damn tank. I was the dumbest jackass in that tank, now I'm the dumbest jackass here.\" \"Grady, you're not stupid and you're not a bad man,\" Bible snapped. \"I don't think any of us know what got us here. Dietrich and Scar and Faust, they're bad people. We're good people that have done bad things.\" Grady looked up at him in sadness and confusion. \"How do you tell the difference?\" \"Why did you shoot the Germans you saw, Grady?\" \"Because I knew they wouldn't hesitate in shooting the rest of you.\" \"That's how you tell the difference. Bad men do terrible things for greed or hatred; you were protecting your brothers.\" He pulled Grady up and clapped him on the shoulder. \"Bible, I think I want to pray,\" Grady confessed. \"Okay,\" Bible replied, somewhat surprised. \"Take my hands. I'll start and you can come in whenever you feel ready.\" Grady listened to the request and Bible began, \"Dear Lord, our Father in Heaven, thank you for this day you have granted us. Please let us be mindful of all our blessings and let us keep you in our hearts.\" \"And please forgive us for that which we have done and what we might do in the future. Please protect us and our brothers, give us strength to fight through this test we have been placed in. I know it might seem like I don't believe in you sometimes, but I do and I'm grateful for you. In Christ's name, amen.\" \"Amen,\" finished Bible. \"God's smiling down at you today, Grady.\" Yay, sadness turns into smiles! Eventually I'm planning on having some Norman and Bible because there hasn't been enough of that but I liked Norman and Gordo. Do you guys think London's becoming a part of the group? Let me know what you thought![Chapter 16] Not a lot of opening notes to go with this one. There's some important things we learn in this one, but I won't spoil the surprise. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. A lot of new punishments had been enacted recently to stretch the prisoners to fresh limits of pain. Scar had pitched the idea that the more pain they could create without actually killing their prisoners, the more of an example they would serve to keep the others out of trouble. Though it had been enough to convince Faust everyone knew that it didn't serve its intended purpose. Scar just increased the punishments to satisfy his own sadistic fantasies on his helpless victims. For the third time Gordo had been unwise enough to resist against Scar's obsession with humiliation. This time, however, Grady had been present for the display of rebellion. Like a loyal soldier he'd backed up Gordo and earned the full wrath of Scar. The both of them had been locked in the freezer where they stored the meat, and they weren't allowed to be released until Scar decided he was satisfied. \"You're an idiot, Grady,\" stated Gordo. Now that was a sentence Grady was familiar with hearing. His father, the other kids at school, even some of his teachers throughout the years. And each time he heard it his answer was always the same. \"Depends on your perspective.\" \"You didn't have to get yourself in the middle. It wasn't your fight.\" Grady chuckled wryly and smirked. \"Gordo, you still haven't learned after all this time? We all have the same fight. No matter what happens, you never have to fight alone.\" He was noticeably shivering from the cold temperature and Gordo rolled his eyes. \"Then at least take my jacket so you don't freeze to death,\" Gordo insisted. \"Although if you passed out I might finally get some peace and quiet.\" \"You don't even have a shirt, jackass,\" replied Grady with his usual charm. \"You trying to kill yourself?\" Gordo moved as close to Grady as he could, hoping that they could warm each other up. It didn't feel uncomfortable for the two of them. They'd spent much longer squished together when they were in Fury, nowhere to go unless they wanted to risk a bullet through the head. \"These krauts are stupid,\" Grady said smugly. \"This ain't even the coldest we been. Remember January, when we were in France? Had to spend the whole night in the tank all huddled up together. Lieutenant over in the next tank lost two of his fingers.\" Gordo tuned in and out of Grady's rant, mostly just making sure that the man was still talking. There weren't many people who could understand Grady's consistent need to speak, but Gordo knew. Grady always talked because it let him know that he was still alive, that he was functioning and well. No matter how annoying it was Gordo would never take that away from him. After several minutes of waiting for their punishment to finally be over, Grady's eyes started to wander. There wasn't really much to see in the freezer, stored meat, metal walls, a tile floor. But on a passing glance he did notice something sticking out of Gordo's coat pocket. It was the broken chain of a dog tag. He knew that the Nazis had started searching for someone who'd been stealing dog tags, but he hadn't guessed that Gordo could ever be that crazy. If someone else saw the tag then Gordo would likely get shot. While Gordo wasn't paying attention, Grady carefully looped his fingers around the chain and pulled the tag out. He didn't notice any change of expression in his friend, so he stuffed it in his pants pocket. Like he said before, no brother of his would ever fight alone. Norman didn't like the feeling he had when he looked into Faust's office. It had always felt a little unsettling, but there was something else to it now. He wasn't quite sure how to describe it. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end, apprehensive of something else bad happening. His anxiety wasn't helped by the fact that Faust was once again absent. He wanted to walk right out the door and run back to his cell to hide in the safety of the others. But his attention was caught a second time by the bookshelf that he had helped to organize days ago. The same book tempted him, appealed to his curiosity like it was whispering to him to uncover its secret. Curiosity won over fear, drawing him into the office and over to the bookshelf. The book of fairy tales was covered with a thin layer of dust, the hardback cover flimsy as if he could easily tear it off with his bare hands. He tried to flip through it as quickly as he could in case Faust decided to come in and have Sarge beaten again. Naturally he couldn't understand a single word that was written, but the pictures seemed the same as the ones he'd been shown when he was a little kid. It seemed odd that a Nazi officer would have a children's book among his possessions, or at least it did until he noticed the front cover. There was some kind of message scribbled in German on the inside. \"Lieber Vater,\" he read, \"ich hoffe, dass dieses Buch seinen Weg zurück zu Ihnen. Ich noch lesen Sie die Gesichten, die Sie gelesen zu mir, als ich ein Junge war. Sie helfen mir von dir denken, wenn ich fürchte. Bitte haben Sie Verständnis muss ich dies tun. Ich muss unsere Heimat mit meinen Brüdern zu verteidigen. Wenn ich sterbe, weiβ, dass ich sterben für Deutschland. Ich liebe dich Vater.\" \"You read German well for an American,\" said Faust as he entered, causing Norman to jump. \"Sir, please, I didn't mean to pry,\" Norman began. Faust held up a hand to prevent him from going any further. \"Dear Father,\" he stated, and Norman immediately understood. \"I hope this book finds its way back to you. I still read the stories that you read to me when I was a boy. They help me think of you when I'm afraid. Please understand I must do this. I must defend our home with my brothers. If I should die, know that I die for Germany. I love you Father.\" \"Your son wrote this.\" Faust merely nodded, taking the book from an unresisting Norman's hands. \"He was a member of Hitler Youth, sixteen years old. His mother begged him not to go, I begged my superiors not to let him go, but our pleas fell on deaf ears. It was fourteen months ago that the book was delivered to me. They recovered it from his camp, where a group of soldiers had come through and slit every last throat while they slept. I wish my boy had died in his sleep like the others, but he'd volunteered for patrol that night. He was awake when one of the enemies strangled him to death.\" \"That's horrible.\" Faust took a seat at his desk, his knees suddenly too weak to hold him. \"I believed so much in the German cause at the beginning,\" he told Norman. \"It spoke to me; spoke to my beliefs and my desires. I believed that if I served I could provide such a life for my family. But I don't know what I believe anymore. How could any nation be right in sacrificing boys for a purpose that none of us know anymore? We all pretend to know what war is and why we're fighting, but the truth is that there isn't a man on Earth who has a real answer. Men can die; men can volunteer their lives and stain their hands with a stranger's blood, but not boys. They haven't even gotten the chance to live yet and this war has taken that chance away from them.\" \"So why are you still here?\" asked Norman. Faust rose and drew near with a look of fury in his eyes. \"Because of them,\" he spat, gesturing outside. \"They are the men that killed my one and only child. They took my future away. And I will make them suffer every last drop until there is nothing left.\" Norman cowered, afraid of being hit, but instead Faust continued, \"You look very much like him. The same innocence, naivety. The same look of fear that he had when they found him, the same look he'll always have on his face. Except for his eyes, he had his mother's eyes.\" \"Do you have a job for me to do today?\" An amused smile crept onto Faust's lips and he patted Norman on the cheek affectionately. \"You're a good boy, Norman. But it never lasts. You can start today by sweeping, the floor's getting dirty again.\" Now we finally know why Faust is so evil. I honestly think Scar's just an ass. And now the entire Fury crew is in possession of at least one dog tag, I'm considering whether to involve London or Annette. For all the Wardaddy lovers, I promise he is a huge part of the next chapter so bear with me. Let me know what you thought![Chapter 17] I hope you guys don't hate me. My schedule's gotten real busy so I probably won't be able to update as often as I could before. This is a bit of a short chapter for such a long wait but I promise the next one will be longer. Bible was watching Norman silently inside their cell, waiting there well into the late morning hours. The boy was sleeping, only because Bible had insisted he get some more rest. He could tell that Norman was exhausted but he wasn't quite sure if it was from the work or if he just wasn't sleeping. A soft and even breath came from his mouth, the same one that Bible had gotten used to hearing when everyone slept in the tank. It wasn't as bad as when Grady got drunk and snored loud enough that it echoed off the walls. \"No,\" uttered Norman, stirring slightly. \"I want to go home. No!\" He started fidgeting and twitching, squirming around with a panicked expression. More cries of fear came from his lips and Bible moved over to him with concern. \"Hey Norman,\" he whispered. \"Come on Norman, wake up.\" The boy jolted awake all of a sudden and started looking around with wide eyes. \"Bible?\" \"It's alright, kid. I'm right here.\" Norman suddenly embraced Bible tightly and started crying into his shoulder. \"I was so scared,\" he sobbed. \"There was blood everywhere and it wouldn't go away. I just want to go home, I want to go home.\" Bible held him as delicately as he could, trying to provide some comfort. \"We'll be home soon. We'll all be home really soon, I promise.\" \"How can you promise that?\" \"God will take care of us. He's protected us until now, and he's not going to stop.\" He wiped the tears from Norman's cheeks and clapped him on the shoulder. \"You need to sleep, even if it's scary.\" \"I don't think I can.\" \"My dad had this solution for when I got scared as a kid,\" confessed Bible. \"He would sit me down in his lap, open up our Bible, and read Psalm 4:8 to me.\" With a chuckle, Norman asked, \"So you're not the only one in your family that always reads the Bible? You're like Bible Jr.\" Bible couldn't help but laugh at that also, both exhibiting a rare smile. \"In peace I will both lie down and sleep,\" he recited, \"for you alone, O Lord, make me dwell in safety. My dad would tell me that when we are at our most vulnerable, we are the safest because there would be a watchful eye over us.\" \"That made you feel better as a kid?\" \"No. It made me feel better when he promised that he would be that watchful eye for the night. And I'd lie down in his lap and fall asleep right there. When I woke up in the morning, he'd be right there leaning against the wall.\" \"You'd do that for me?\" inquired Norman. \"You're safe with me, Norman. I will protect you with as much strength as I have.\" Norman nodded and carefully lay down over Bible's lap, allowing his eyes to close again. Slowly the soft breaths came back as he fell back into sleep. The whole time Bible ran a hand over the boy's head. If he was honest with himself he was scared too, scared for the kid that trusted him. He was scared that he wouldn't be able to keep his promise, that no matter how much strength he had it wouldn't be enough. But he'd let Norman sleep because at least while he slept Bible could protect him. Several of the prisoners had been grouped together in the armory, manufacturing guns for the Nazi army to use. Don was among them, feeling alone without the members of his crew by his side. It was strange for him here. He hadn't felt any different on the field when people started calling him Sergeant, but he'd grown accustomed to the respect that came with the title and it was odd to be nothing more than another face. Inside it was a mess of sounds, a bullet dropping out of sweaty fingers, the click of a cartridge being filled and snapped back into place. The two soldiers watching them grew bored with the mundane task and went outside for a moment to smoke. Each and every prisoner continued their work, too broken to even consider misbehaving. One of the more hollowed looking men fell to his knees as his legs gave out. Don recalled his name was Tim, a former infantry soldier that kept having his food taken away for disobeying his orders. As Tim pulled himself back up he looked out of breath, tired. But then he did the strangest thing. Tim started singing. \"Under the sun,\" he sang. \"Breaking our backs under the sun.\" It was coarse and blunt, sounding like a work song. The prisoners paused, intrigued by what Tim was doing. \"If we run, they'll shoot us down if we run.\" Another joined in without warning and Tim forced a wry smile. The others started to sing along, shouting out the opening line like a chorus. \"One by one,\" began the group, and Tim finished, \"the bodies fall one by one. Fear their guns…\" \"Men like us don't fear their guns.\" Don didn't know what made the words come out of him, but he was glad he did. Tim nodded in his direction, the group bolstered by his confidence. Each time they devised an opening, one of their comrades would contribute an ending. \"Save our sons, we suffer and toil to save our sons. Never be done, never quit we will never be done. War is won; we'll all go home when the war is won. Under the sun. If we run. One by one. Fear their guns. Save our sons. Never be done. War is won.\" \"That is quite enough!\" shouted Faust as he stepped into the room. The other soldiers were back, guns aimed at the singing prisoners. Each of them was forced onto their knees and hit in the face. Faust started walking down the line, asking every man if it had been he who started the singing. Tim had a bead of sweat dripping down his forehead, afraid of the gun that the officer had two fingers wrapped around. Before they could reach him Don shoved a Nazi away from him and got to his feet. \"It was me. I started the song because I didn't want these men to be afraid of scum like you.\" The all too familiar smirk of Faust appeared again at Don's statement. \"I should have known it would be you.\" \"He's lying,\" Tim cried out. \"I did it. He's just trying to cover for me.\" Irritated by the situation, Faust gestured over to another man in between the two. Ernie was a scumbag by all standards and he'd sold out fellow prisoners for reward twice before. \"Ernie, which one of these two initiated the singing?\" asked Faust. \"Tim.\" In the next second, Tim was shot through the head and three soldiers had to hold Don back. He didn't know if he wanted to kill Faust or Ernie but he was about to kill someone. \"Take this mess to my quarters; I have a special punishment in mind for him,\" the officer ordered. \"Someone get Ernie his reward.\" Don spat in Ernie's direction as they dragged him out, kicking and cursing the whole way. Poor Tim. So next time we get to see what Don's punishment is and it might involve another one of the Fury crew. The work song took me about a week to come up with all the rhyming lines. What do you think of Momma Bible, I wanted to put that side of him into the story. My goal is to update in two weeks or less.[Chapter 18] 18 days, cutting it close. Serious depression in this chapter, so prepare yourself. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. They took Norman. Why did they take Norman? Bible pounded on the door to their cell with all his might as everyone else watched him with concern. One hit, nothing. Two hits, three hits, nothing. His shoulder was getting bruised with the effort but that didn't stop him from continuing. \"Do you really think that will work?\" asked Grady skeptically. \"That door wouldn't give if all of us tried to knock it down.\" \"He's in trouble. How can you just sit there when he's in trouble?\" \"We don't know he's in trouble,\" Gordo pointed out. \"Faust takes him to do work every single day.\" \"They've never brought him out this late in the day before. And where the fuck's Don? He should've been back by now.\" \"There's nothing that we can do in here.\" London tried to calm Bible though his efforts were futile. \"You're going to hurt yourself if you keep going.\" \"I'm not quitting. I told him I'd protect him. I can't let them hurt him.\" \"Face it, Bible. We're cattle in a slaughterhouse. At some point they're going to take everyone away and they won't come back.\" Bible turned on Grady, furious at his crew member. \"Shut the fuck up! Don't say that, we didn't give up on him when the planes crashed and we won't now.\" Grady's defeated expression was unwavering. \"Look at how few of us there are left, there are less every day. The krauts know they're not going to win, so they want to make sure the Americans suffer as much as they can.\" \"I thought you were the one who said that God decided when it was our time,\" London stated. \"Maybe it's Norman's time.\" \"No. I won't accept that,\" Bible answered firmly. His words surprised even him, the first time he'd ever doubted anything in God's plan. But it couldn't be time for Norman to go. He was too good; there were so few humans who could remain that good in a world that was so cruel. Even though they tried to make him bad like they were, tried to harden him into nothing more than a soldier following orders, they couldn't take his goodness away. The rest of them might have lost hope of surviving, but Bible would fight until the day they put a bullet in his head. Norman had to be okay. He had to. Norman couldn't help but squirm against the rough hands that were digging into his arms. It was a little late in the day for Faust to be bringing him in for work but he told himself not to panic. Faust was nothing if not unpredictable, so he'd just have to deal with whatever awaited him inside the quarters. Or at least that was what he told himself until they actually brought him inside. Faust stood there with an unnerving smile, which never meant anything good. \"How are you doing today, Norman?\" asked the officer. \"Do you have a job for me today, sir?\" \"More of a show really.\" \"Show, sir?\" \"We've had ourselves a very naughty prisoner today, trying to inspire misbehavior in the others. Bring him out.\" At that moment an injured Don was dragged over and dropped on the floor. \"What did you do to him?\" demanded Norman. \"We can't consistently have these displays of rebellion that go unpunished. I was giving him his punishment when I thought how effective a lesson it would serve for you to see what happens to wrongdoers.\" Norman was held back as Faust snapped his fingers. The guards began an assault on Don, keeping him on the ground until there was blood dripping from his half-open mouth. \"Stop it!\" Norman cried. \"Leave him alone!\" \"Eventually everyone has to learn their lesson, young Norman.\" These words from Faust triggered the boy into action and he found himself pushing the guards away from him. His fingers locked onto a gun before he knew what he was doing and it pressed into the side of his own head. \"Stop hurting him,\" he commanded, backing away from everyone. \"This is your plan?\" inquired Faust with confusion. \"If you want to pull the trigger go ahead, it does no harm to me.\" \"I know that's not true. You said you remind me of your son. That's why you kept me alive. That's why you always hurt my friends instead of me.\" \"Norman, don't!\" shouted Don from the floor. This distracted Norman enough for Faust to pull out his knife. He cut Norman's hand so the boy dropped the gun. As soon as he did Faust's hands were around his throat, strangling him. \"You are not my son. You are an American boy that is foolish enough to mistake my actions for emotional attachment. I kept you alive because I wanted you to suffer as much as my boy suffered. I torture your friends because I know it hurts you worse than it would for me to harm you.\" \"You'll kill him!\" This scream from Don was followed by the release of Faust's hands. Norman didn't even have time to catch his breath on the floor before he was being dragged into the other room by his shirt. \"If you want me to punish you, fine. Clearly that's what it takes. Bring Mr. Collier along if you'd please.\" Don kicked and bucked like a wild animal but it was no use with the amount of Germans restraining him. \"Touch that boy and I'll break your damn neck!\" \"Empty threats will get you nowhere, Sergeant. This is my domain. I kill who I please, I torture who I please, and there is no one on God's earth who can stop me.\" The two guards who'd brought Norman in came to hold him in place, though he looked too weak to fight in any case. \"Let him go, he's done nothing wrong!\" Ignoring Don now, Faust approached his fireplace. There was what seemed to be a poker lying halfway in the flames, which Faust grabbed onto and lifted from the ground. Upon further inspection both Americans realized with fear that it was a branding iron. The letters FAUST glowed bright orange and Norman fought to escape the pain that he knew was coming. \"Perhaps you'll be a good boy now.\" The twisted smile was replaced by an eerie morbidity. Faust was taking no joy in the act he was about to perform. Norman's shirt was pulled up and he was bent forward as the officer stepped behind him with the iron. Instantly when the iron made contact Norman let out a loud scream of agony. There was a disturbing sizzle as the skin on his back was charred into the image that the heated metal already bore. When Faust pulled away the letters had cooled but the mark had been made, his name etched onto Norman's back. The cries of pain didn't stop even when he could no longer feel the branding iron. As the Nazis let go of him he fell onto his stomach, fighting back tears that were drowning his eyes. \"I didn't want to do that. You left me no choice.\" A gesture of his hand told the Germans to take both prisoners back to their cell. There might have been a trace of a tear rolling down Faust's cheek, but it couldn't have been. Faust just can't make up his mind. The guys might be near their breaking points, who knows if they'll snap or not? Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 19] Sorry it's been almost four weeks since I updated. Not exactly a long chapter but it's not my shortest either. Get ready for some major depression. I don't own anything I don't own. Somehow everything had changed with the action of Norman being branded. It was all too transparent now, Faust's ironclad control over every soul still alive in the prison camp. There weren't many prisoners left, enough that the Fury crew knew almost every name of those alive. Bible and Don continued to collect the dog tags, while Grady secretly pickpocketed them when their pockets would get too full. Of course Scar had been ruthless in his investigation of who the collector was. He would bring in everyone and torture them at will to learn whatever information they had. Annette and London were waiting in the medical tent for the inevitable scream that signaled a prisoner in excruciating pain. Both were weary from the depression that their jobs meant for them. Ninety percent of the patients that came in didn't leave, as the Nazis had no more mercy left in their hearts. So much death every single day, a never-ending chain of gunfire and blood flow. They didn't have much energy remaining for things like hope or optimism, just enough to drag them through the dark routine they were forced to live. \"What do you think will happen when there's no one left?\" asked London, his warming smile having died days ago. \"Depends on if they still need us. They might ship us off to another base to help their soldiers. Until the war is over we'll just be forced to the next job.\" \"I don't think I can. I can't force myself to keep going when there's no end in sight.\" \"That's what I've been doing every day of my life.\" She saw he was staring at her, unsure of what to say. \"My father died in the Great War in 1916. After that my mother got very sick and she passed away while we were still very young. We had to stand on street corners and beg for change so we could buy food. When I got old enough I found a job as a nurse so that I could help people like my mother, so no other children would have to grow up on the streets. I never imagined that it would backfire and bring me here so my sister would be trapped all alone with no one to take care of her.\" \"I'm sorry,\" he told her. \"My folks were always there. Mum would take me to school every morning. Dad would say goodnight before I went to sleep. It wasn't until I enlisted that I realized how dark the world is.\" \"We're fools, you know. It's a mistake to become a doctor or a medic or a nurse. We learn how to help people because we believe we can save them all. Except we learn more than anyone that there are a lot of people we just can't save.\" \"But I still thought we could save somebody. Who have we even saved here?\" \"You saved your friends after the planes crashed.\" \"Did I save them?\" The question caught Annette off-guard. \"Wouldn't it have just been easier to end their suffering? Everything that's happened to them since then has just caused more pain.\" \"It's still worth it to try,\" she insisted. \"Someone has to live. Someone has to.\" \"I don't know anymore.\" London didn't say anything after that, he was done talking. Bible and Gordo were the only ones awake inside the cell. Grady had been called out to continue his never-ending work on the transport vehicle and Don was trudging away with the other manual workers. Norman had once again fallen asleep with his head in Bible's lap and the crew mother was softly stroking his head to keep him from waking up. Gordo looked so bruised and broken. Given his track record with Scar, he'd been one of the first to be called in and tortured. Despite everything that happened he hadn't breathed a word about the dog tags and when they dropped him back in the cell their secret was still safe. \"I just want it to be over,\" he whispered to Bible. \"It doesn't even matter if I'm alive or dead anymore. I just want out of this sick fucking hell where they just get to play with me.\" \"Don't say that, man.\" Bible cast a downward glance at his boy, as if afraid in his dreams he'd hear the words. \"We can't give up. The Lord's going to get us out safely.\" \"For the love of fuck, shut up! We're not getting out! We've killed people in cold blood for who knows what and this is our punishment! Either God hates us or he's not up there at all!\" \"I know he's up there. I have to believe that, and I do. We've made it farther than a lot of people.\" \"You're a fucking joke!\" The shouts from Gordo started to cause stirs from Norman, making both men freeze. The kid's eyes were frightened and his face was unnaturally pale, the poor conditions of the prison camp beginning to take its toll on everyone. \"What's going on?\" Bible shushed him gently. \"It's alright. Go back to sleep. Everything's fine.\" Norman softly nodded and closed his eyes once more, nuzzling up against Bible for protection. Ever since the branding he'd been terrified to be on his own, and especially terrified of Faust. Don had made an agreement with Bible that one of them would be near Norman at all times. So far it was working but they were always afraid of something happening to mess it all up. As Norman fell back asleep, Bible exchanged a look with Gordo. Even though no further words came out, the sentiment was clear. Gordo was done talking and he was done fighting. Grady twisted the wrench, sweat pouring off of his head. All the parts were in the transport vehicle and it was just a matter of fine tuning it now. Scar stood there watching over him, the usual fucked up smile on his face. It was all monotonous at this point, the same job he'd been doing since the day he arrived. Except with a final turn of the wrench there was nothing left to do. \"Is that it?\" demanded Scar. When Grady said nothing he got behind the wheel himself and started the engine, surprised to find it actually hummed to life. \"That's it.\" Scar came over and looked down at Grady, who remained on his knees with a blank expression. \"Good work. You'll get some decent food soon enough.\" With that the German left him alone, still unsure of what to do. That was what he knew how to do in the prison camp. Now it was done and he wasn't sure what happened next. So he just waited there on his knees, waited for someone to come and tell him what he was supposed to do now. Sorry Grady's part was so short but it needed to be in this chapter. There aren't many updates left because it's almost over. Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 20] This is a pretty intense chapter, but we're starting to wrap up some of our story arcs here. Hope you enjoy it! I don't own anything I don't own. As it happened, Bible got discovered because of the bastard Ernie. He was doing his usual job of trying to burn the latest bodies and he waited until the guards weren't looking before he ripped off the dog tags. But he wasn't aware until it was too late that Ernie was nearby and noticed the rebellious act happening right before his eyes. \"You're the one that's been taking the dog tags,\" he whispered, causing Bible to freeze. \"Ernie…\" There was nothing that could be said; Ernie had no more loyalty to his fellow prisoners. \"Guards!\" Bible lunged for Ernie but he was quickly pulled off and Ernie pointed to the man's pockets. \"He's got the dog tags in his pockets.\" Faust was retrieved from his quarters and everything around camp seemed to stop. When the story was explained to him and the evidence was grabbed from Bible's possessions, he sent Ernie away to get another special reward. The other prisoners were all dragged from their cells and gathered in the center of the camp to watch the big reveal. All Bible's collected tags were taken and tossed onto the dirt and then he was shoved next to them, Faust's pistol pressed into the back of his head. \"Today we have found the one responsible for rebelling against our command,\" he called to the entire group. \"He has hid his crime from us because he knew his guilt. In my camp, we punish usurpers like him.\" Before he could pull the trigger Gordo forced himself forward and emptied his pockets onto the ground. \"He didn't do it alone. I've been helping him this whole time.\" \"Gordo, no!\" Bible was silenced by a hit from Faust and Scar grabbed Gordo. The German took pleasure in forcing his rival onto the ground and assaulting him severely with kicks until he was coughing and struggling to breathe. \"Wait, don't shoot them. I stole one too.\" Grady was the third to step up accept his punishment. All eyes locked on Don, including London and Annette. The Englishman shook his head vigorously but all the Sergeant could see was three of his crew with guns at their heads. \"Something you want to confess, Sergeant Collier?\" inquired Faust. Without a single word, Don emptied his pockets as well and was brought to his knees with the others. \"Can we kill them now, sir?\" Scar was practically licking his lips at the thought of shooting the Fury crew but Faust continued to pace around them. \"I'll decide whether or not they live later. First, each one's going to be punished. We'll make them beg for death before we decide if they deserve it.\" \"Sir?\" Norman's quiet voice came from behind the Germans and the Fury crew stared at him in horror. He wouldn't have, he couldn't have. But though they said a thousand prayers in their heads he still took James' tag with shaking hands and presented it to Faust. \"Norman? After all I've done for you, you betrayed me.\" The boy was trembling so much it looked like he was about to collapse. Faust grabbed him and held a knife to his throat, rage and hurt and sadness in his eyes. \"Let him go,\" cried London. It was a mistake, as Faust's red vision locked onto the medic and he snapped his fingers. \"Add him to the group.\" His knife came away from Norman's throat and he kept a tight grip on his hair as he displayed to him his friends. \"Here's what's going to happen, Norman. You look at those five in front of you and you pick one. You pick who gets my special treatment and the rest get locked in the freezer.\" \"I can't.\" \"Pick or I'll start shooting them one by one!\" His eyes reluctantly scanned over the others as each one started shouting at him to pick them. Annette tried to keep London from being taken away but Scar knocked her down and took him anyway. Norman desperately wished for some solution where he didn't have to choose but seconds kept ticking away and no help was coming. Before he knew what he was doing a single syllable slipped out. \"Sarge.\" As soon as he uttered it he covered his mouth, but it was enough for Faust who couldn't have wished it any better. Don was brought away and the crew couldn't do anything about it, hard as they tried. \"You're dead, you son of a bitch!\" screamed Grady. Only Norman knew he wasn't talking to Faust. In Faust's quarters Norman was held down and forced to watch every second of Don's torture. Marks were left on his skin as the Nazi officer struck him with a sharp edged cane. He was assaulted from all angles by different Germans and there was a single loud crack as one of his bones snapped. There were several times the Sergeant wanted to scream but he continued to bite his lip until he drew blood. Then he was dragged to his feet, facing Faust's knife. \"I'm going to leave a lasting mark on you, Collier,\" he hissed. \"I must say I've been waiting for the day.\" No one knew what to expect as Don's hand was held outward. The next second the knife sliced through his middle finger and the trained soldier couldn't help but shriek in agony. Faust moved away, a sickening chuckle coming from his throat. He crouched next to Norman and touched his head briefly in a caring but disappointed sort of way. With a wave of his hand he sent the Americans to be put in the freezer with the others. \"Why would you get yourself thrown in here with us?\" Bible asked London as the four sat in the freezer. \"Call me stupid. I'd rather rot in here with you than cower like a bitch in front of those Jerrys. Whatever happens, so be it.\" \"I have a lot of respect for you,\" stated Gordo, clapping London on the shoulder. Over in the corner Grady was silently steaming. He'd been close to letting his inner fire go out and accepting death instead of fighting the Nazis until his last breath. They almost broke him, but he was back now. And the primary thought on his mind was the fact that Norman was responsible for Don being tortured. So when Don was dropped inside the freezer, barely conscious, and Norman was shoved in after him, Grady's rage took over. One fist clenched the kid's shirt and held him up against the wall while the other continuously slammed into his face coupled with the shouts of anger. \"I warned you,\" he spat at Norman. \"I fucking warned you if you got them hurt I would break your damn neck! You stupid kid, it's because of you we might die in here!\" The others tried to pull him off but he was unstoppable, pushing down anyone who came too close. \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,\" Norman kept repeating. \"Enough!\" Don's command startled even Grady, enough so that he allowed Norman to lie in a heap on the floor. \"I shouldn't be here,\" Norman whispered. \"None of us should be here!\" Bible scooted over to Norman so as to protect him from Grady when he started yelling again. \"I mean I shouldn't have been in the stupid army. I did it for my dad.\" Everything seemed to stop at that moment and Grady slid down to the floor. \"What are you talking about?\" \"All he cares about is being strong. Didn't matter if I was smart or nice to people, I wasn't strong. He kept telling me to be a man, but I didn't know how. I never got into fights or kissed a girl and I knew he was disappointed in me. It was always this look, this one look, like he was imagining what I'd look like if I was the son he wanted. So I enlisted for the army to make him proud of me. His eyes lit up when he thought about me serving my country. I thought I could get by as a fucking typist, and then they told me I was going to be in a tank. I didn't want to fight anyone; I didn't want to screw everything up for everyone. I'm sorry, Grady. I just wanted to make my dad proud of me.\" \"We're proud of you, Norman,\" Don told him. \"You ain't like the rest of us kid,\" chimed in Gordo. \"You're not a monster. No matter what you did inside that tank.\" \"I'm just a kid. I can't fight, I can't fix things, I can't do anything.\" \"You done alright,\" Grady said. He offered his hand gently and Norman accepted it. \"We are not going to die in here, understand?\" Don informed the group. \"We are all we have, and it's damn good enough. We're going to get out of here if we stick together.\" Grady nodded and gave a reassuring glance to Norman. Like it or not, they were stuck together and he had to accept it. Maybe if the boy was just trying to prove himself, he wasn't that bad after all. Just maybe. The group fights are pretty much over now but Grady needed this to get his fire back. As sad as it makes me our dear story is coming to an end. Hopefully I'll update soon. Let me know what you thought.[Chapter 21] This is one of my favorite chapters I wrote for this story, so I hope you guys like it. A lot gets wrapped up in this one. I only have one more chapter planned, but I know I have to wrap things up. I'm debating if I just want two more chapters after this to wrap up or if I want to have a sequel about what happens next. The prisoners were moving at their usual pace throughout the camp, cleaning up and completing their usual jobs. The Fury crew had been scattered but still tried to keep an eye on each other from far away. All the dog tags had been confiscated and Faust had made it clear that they would be burned the next day, erasing all trace of the men who'd died there. Everything seemed unfortunately to be returning to normal. But that changed into chaos in a single moment. A loud crash sounded as an American vehicle plowed through the front fence, followed by several armed soldiers. There were American and British and French men alike opening fire on the Nazis and the Germans returned the fight in plenty. Bodies began to fall and prisoners ran for the hole in the gates, though most were cut down but bullets. Rescue had arrived at last but the camp wasn't going down without a fight. In the northwest corner Norman tried to avoid getting trampled as he made his own way toward the exit. He found himself stopped when Scar moved into his path with a pistol aimed at his forehead. \"I've waited a long time for this moment,\" he hissed with a grin. \"They're going to hang you when they take this shithole,\" Norman told him, staring down the barrel of the pistol. \"Not before I kill all of you.\" As the German was about to fire, another person shoved Norman out of the way. The bullet flew instead into Grady's shoulder, knocking him to the ground. \"Norman, run!\" he shouted. \"Go find Sarge!\" Norman complied and sprinted off to find help as Scar turned his attention to Grady. \"This works for me.\" Grady went low and dove at Scar's legs, taking them both down. The pistol skidded sideways as Scar slammed his fist into Grady's head in an attempt to get him off. Grady squirmed and kicked at the Nazi, the two exchanging positions and blows. Scar's arms were pinned under Grady and he felt a punch right in his throat, producing a loud cough. He used his full strength to push Grady away and managed to get one hand free, reaching into his pocket. \"You're not going to hurt my family,\" growled Grady. \"Especially without your gun.\" In the next moment there was a sharp pain. He glanced downward to see the handle of a blade protruding from his stomach. It was easy for Scar to kick him off and retrieve his gun again. \"I don't need it to kill you,\" he said to the wounded soldier. \"Have fun bleeding to death.\" Blackness crept into Grady's vision, the feeling draining from his muscles. This was what dying felt like. Scar walked away from the expanding puddle of blood with satisfaction. One down, six to go. And another one ran past at that moment. On the other side of the camp, a German soldier loaded another cartridge into his rifle. His hand was on the trigger when a shard of glass plunged through his neck and he dropped to his knees. Bible took the rifle and shot at the other Nazis, trying to allow the other prisoners a path to escape. The distraction worked, as shots came in his direction and he leapt around the corner of a building to take cover. \"You can't aim for shit!\" he taunted from his position, letting loose a burst of fire in no particular direction. Miraculously one of his shots actually managed to kill a guard. Another came into view and he shot the man. Out of the corner of his eye he saw prisoners moving into the safety of Allied assistance. \"Wait, wait for me!\" Ernie jogged forward, no bullets coming his way as the Germans still assumed he was with them. He was trying to get a free pass out of the camp. Bible quickly unloaded another bullet right through Ernie's ankle. This distracted the guards enough that he was able to finish them off. Ernie pathetically dragged himself inch by inch as Bible overtook him. \"All the people that are dead because of you. What makes you think you get to be rescued?\" \"Please, don't shoot me.\" Bible executed him before he could finish his desperate pleas, a cartridge lodged in his mouth. \"May God have mercy on your soul,\" he whispered coldly. In spite of everything he found himself taking one last dog tag and storing it away. Then he let himself be taken in by the Allied soldiers, praying the others would be as lucky. Annette had heard of Faust taking the dog tags to his quarters, so when the chaos began she took the opportunity to reclaim them and run back to the medical tent. There were so many that she jingled with each step she took and she had to be careful not to trip and spill them all over the place. As she sprinted inside the tent, she deposited all of them inside a bucket and hid it under a sheet. Then she heard the sound of footsteps and froze. \"Oh, Annette!\" shouted Scar, opening the tent flap. She took a step back, but he took a step toward her. \"You've been very naughty.\" \"I'm not afraid of a barbarian,\" she spat. This made him chuckle. \"But you should be. We don't need you anymore.\" He lunged forward and knocked her down, wrapping his hands around her throat. Her legs kicked out at nothing and her nails scratched down his cheeks. As the air depleted in her lungs, Scar was yanked off and thrown over one of the beds. \"It's not nice to hurt a lady,\" Gordo told Scar. \"Are we here again? We've had this fight many times before. I guess I can do it once more.\" Gordo kicked the bed toward Scar but he jumped over it and grabbed for his pistol. As he held onto it Gordo yanked at his wrist and the gun tore out of his belt, soaring out of the tent. Scar's elbow jammed into his opponent's face and his arm wrapped around Gordo's neck. Gordo bit down on the flesh restricting him, drawing a scream from Scar. His hand gripped a metal tray but he dropped it when Scar jabbed a syringe into his side. The German found himself being stabbed in the back by a scalpel from Annette and he backhanded her. She stumbled and hit her head on the ground, leaving her dazed. Gordo took the opportunity to retrieve the metal tray and smack Scar in the face with it. As Scar fell the scalpel was pushed through his chest and a gasp came from his throat. Before he could move Gordo had taken the bloody scalpel and plunged it into Scar's crotch. The metal tray slammed into his enemy's face again and again, splattering blood all over the floor and Gordo. Finally his muscles were too weak and the tray fell from his clutches. Scar was finally dead. \"Annette, are you alright?\" the American asked, out of breath. \"I've been worse.\" \"I saw him chasing you and I followed him. Glad I did.\" She nodded her agreement and both found themselves sitting on the ground, the strength drained from them. \"Is it over?\" \"I don't know. I want it to be.\" They remained where they were, letting their fight leave them after keeping it up for so long. Now it was finally okay to be tired. \"Sarge!\" Norman yelled as he ran through the camp. \"Sarge, someone! Grady needs help!\" He thought he saw Don a few yards away, but before he could investigate a hand clamped over his mouth. In the next second everything went dark. London's primary thought as he charged through all the people in his way was ensuring Annette's safety. She'd run out so fast before that he lost track of her and now he had no idea where she was. He reached the northwest corner and saw someone lying on the ground. Upon further inspection he saw Grady, struggling for breath, blood seeping from the blade stuck in his gut. \"Grady?\" He kneeled down beside the man, his brain trying to process what he could do in this situation. Grady looked up at him with half-lidded eyes, still managing to force a smile. \"How ya doing?\" he inquired weakly. If London moved him he could bleed out faster. \"Hang on pal; I'm going to fix you up.\" He searched his pockets for something and thankfully found a needle and thread that he kept for emergencies. There wasn't a lot of time once he removed the knife, so he steadied his hands and took a deep breath. The knife clanged on the ground and as the needle first pierced Grady's skin the tough man couldn't help but grit his teeth. Like patchwork London worked through the wound, no hesitation. When he reached the end he let out a sigh of relief and clapped Grady on the shoulder. It was messy as hell but he'd live long enough to get him to some proper medical attention. \"Thanks London,\" Grady said gratefully. \"Is Norman okay?\" \"We'll find everyone else on the way out. Let's get out of here.\" He kept Grady's weight on his shoulder as they stumbled forward to where the soldiers were quickly overtaking the camp. Annette, Gordo, and Bible were waiting for the two at the edge of camp. Several medics checked over the people that were the most injured and then loaded the survivors into trucks to be taken to the nearest army base. All the dead were being collected and Annette had given the bucket of dog tags to the Allies so they'd be returned to the families. Bible and Gordo had tears coming from their eyes when they realized that their mission had paid off at last. London and Annette embraced each other and Annette surprised London with a kiss on his cheek. Everything seemed like it would work out at last, until Don came running over in a panic. \"Norman's gone!\" he shouted, alarming everyone in the group. \"Faust took the transport vehicle, broke down the fence on the east end. They're both gone.\" \"We have to find him,\" Bible insisted, but Don shook his head. \"You have to take care of them. He's my responsibility, and I'm going to bring him back.\" Next chapter is all about Norman, Don, and Faust. I had a plan for the transport vehicle Grady was repairing all along. Let me know if you guys want a sequel when this story is done or just a few chapters at the end to wrap it up. I'm open to either. Feedback is appreciated.[Chapter 22] Here's the last chapter. It's been really fun writing this story and I loved the enthusiasm you guys have given me. Hope you like the ending! I don't own anything I don't own. While Don interrogated the few surviving Nazi soldiers about where Faust could have possibly gone, the two escapees were in a small house isolated from most of the world. It had been abandoned for some time, vines starting to creep up the foundation from outside. Faust had loaded up his possessions from the camp into the back of the transport vehicle. In the kitchen two plates had been set at a dusty table. Norman trembled with a fork in his hand, the only thing keeping him from running the gun tightly clenched in Faust's hand. The man had adopted a deranged look in his eyes and seemed even more unstable than he'd been before. \"Aren't you going to eat?\" he asked Norman, who glanced down at a plate of food that had been stolen from the kitchen that morning. \"Sauerbraten and sliced apples always was Dieter's favorite meal.\" \"Yes, sir,\" said Norman with a slight nod, forcing himself to take a shaky bite of the dish. It tasted like the meat was far from fresh but he was more worried about a bullet in the head than a stomach virus. \"Before the war we used to live here. Town's not far from here, but far enough, so it was always quiet. Then I got called away to serve. After he died, there was just no reason to come back.\" \"Why am I here?\" Faust gently set down his fork and looked over at the boy. \"I thought I'd show you my home. They were going to take you away; I wasn't going to let them. You're going to stay here with me.\" \"Sir, I want to go home,\" Norman whispered, just audible enough to be heard by the officer. \"I miss my home.\" \"You're just a boy; you don't know what's best for you. It's going to be just like it was before. You'll clean this place and I'll make sure that no one ever hurts you in here.\" \"I'm not your son.\" There was a slight twitch in Faust's face at that statement. \"Come here, Norman.\" At first Norman didn't move so Faust repeated, \"Come here boy.\" Reluctantly the kid stood up and walked over to the other side of the table, where he was grabbed and pushed onto the ground. \"I want you to clean this floor.\" \"There's nothing for me to clean it with,\" protested Norman. \"Then use your hands,\" Faust hissed. \"Or I'll shoot you right now.\" Norman took off his coat and started scrubbing the floor, though he knew it was impossible. Faust watched beads of sweat form on his forehead with the effort he put into wiping the dust and dirt of years away. It took several minutes for Norman to stop and look back at the man pointed a gun at him with a look of desperation. \"I can't do it.\" Faust hit him over the head with the butt of the gun, a snarl on his lips. \"You've disappointed me, Norman.\" Don drove down the road with a pilfered car, keeping his eye out for Norman. Someone had told him about Faust abandoning his home during the war and how the local people were afraid to go near it because of superstitious reasons. They couldn't give him the exact location but it was supposed to be out of the way. He didn't know what was happening but he knew he couldn't afford to waste any time. \"Come on, where are you?\" he asked as if they were right beside him. Finally he saw the transport vehicle come into view. It was on the side of the road, which meant that somewhere near Faust had to have taken Norman. He jumped out of the car and started searching for the house, adrenaline pumping through his veins and sharpening his focus. There wasn't much time. Norman was barely conscious on the floor of Faust's kitchen. He'd been beaten, bruises forming all over his upper body and bloody saliva dripping from the corner of his mouth. As he tried to crawl toward the door Faust grabbed him and pulled him back. The man's hands clenched his shirt and shook him angrily. \"Why do you deserve to go home?\" he demanded. \"What makes you think you deserve it more than him? He was taken from me, I want him back!\" \"I have a dad too,\" Norman choked out, fearful tears coming from his eyes. \"I want to see him again. Please.\" \"You've been such a good boy, Norman.\" Faust sat down next to him, holding him close and wiping away his tears. \"I don't want the world to take that away from you. I can't watch that happen to you.\" He got to his feet and looked down at the injured boy, loading his pistol. \"Don't shoot me.\" There was a crack of a gun, but Norman found himself unscathed. Faust collapsed to the ground, his pistol falling from his mouth. Norman looked at the dead officer and the hole that had been made in the back of his head. He knew that he should've hated Faust, yet somehow he couldn't. All he saw was a man whose life had been ruined by another's choices and couldn't handle the loss of his child. Now he was gone. \"Norman?\" Don rushed into the room and pulled Norman up, though the boy was too weak to stand on his own. \"Easy, son, you're going to be okay.\" \"Do we get to go home now, Sarge?\" \"I think we do. We can finally go home.\" He lifted Norman in his arms and carried him out of the house, leaving the body of Faust in his home where it rightfully belonged. Norman fought to stay conscious as Don reached his car and put him in the passenger seat. \"Sarge, are we going to see each other again?\" \"I never say goodbye, Norman. I never will.\" It wasn't long before Norman had drifted off and Don let himself smile, content to let his boy sleep for the ride. Over three hundred prisoners had died in Faust's camp, only fifty-four survivors being rescued safely. Liberation came on May 1st, 1945. Six days later surrender was signed in France, and the next day signed in Berlin. All five members of the Fury crew were kept in a French army base for two weeks before being cleared to leave. As a plane prepared to take them home for the first time in a while, the open air didn't seem as bad as it once did. The open air seemed clear. They all got to live, yay! It seems that popular demand has requested a sequel, so we'll see what happens when the boys get back stateside. I don't know how long it will take for me to publish it but I'll try and make it good. Let me know what you thought of the story. ","Summary":" I wanted to write a story where the guys didn't die in the tank because I love these characters. Ho"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Angel","Author":"Shaeme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11022837","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ground was muddy and sloppy, which kept Norman from walking without trouble. His feet were somewhat heavier, and his boots that were about a size too big increased the effect. He was assigned to find Sergeant Collier, and the only tip he'd had was that he looked tough, and had the down sides of his hair shaved off. Which about applied to everybody here. Though he got lucky, as the first person he asked was him he was looking for. 'First Sergeant Collier?' The man did not stop walking so Norman was required to keep up with him. 'Maybe. What the fuck are you?' he replied. 'Private Ellison. I was told to report to you, I'm your new assistant driver.' The man stopped walking and started studying Norman closely and critically. 'No you are not.' he then said. 'Yes. Yes I am.' 'God damn it! Who told you this?' Sergeant Collier said. 'Master Sergeant with the clipboard there sir.' he pointed at some younger superior. 'Bullshit!' Collier shouted. 'He's right there… he…' Norman stopped talking. He just didn't know what to say, but it seemed like Collier seemed to understand. 'What's your name?' he asked. 'Norman…' 'How long have you been in the army?' He sighed. 'Eight weeks.' Collier now sighed as well, but then pointed over to a Sherman some yards away. 'That's home.' It had 'FURY' written on its 76mm gun. 'Do as you're told, don't get too close to anyone.' Norman slowly nodded and then walked over to the tank, as Collier walked into a different direction. There were three men outside, seeming to repair the machine gun placed next to the main hatch. One of them was singing a biblical song, Norman recognized but he couldn't say he was able to sing along. He reached out his hand towards one that was squatted close to the ground as he had just laid down the barrel of the gun for repair. He was the one that had been singing. 'Hi, I'm Norman.' He had a moustache and had a cigarette in his mouth while he looked up, but he refused to take on his hand while he rose up and removed the cigarette from between his lips. Norman just awkwardly pulled back his hand. Now say something, Norman. 'Which… which way is the front?' he asked. ' \"Which way is the front?\",' the moustache repeated his eyes were somewhat read and he had a tiny fresh scar on his right cheek. 'Hmm. All around us, kid, 'cause this is Germany, we're surrounded by Krauts. Ain't that right Grady?' 'That's right.' The second guy replied. Norman had already stated that this was the ugliest guy, himself included. A man that looked quite exotic, maybe Mexican walked over to them and took Norman's bag from his shoulder. Norman let it be, but only up until the guy started going through his stuff. He noticed how the Mexican guy had taken Norman's diary out of his bag. 'Can I have my book back please?' The Mexican didn't listen but looked at him in a surly way. 'Where are your cigarettes?' he asked. 'I don't smoke.' Norman replied. 'You're a bastard.' Before Norman could answer, the man with the moustache spoke up. 'Did you go to tank-school?' the moustache asked. 'Tank-school? No. I've never even seen the inside of a tank.' The three looked at each other in subtle astonishment. 'I'm a clerk typist.' Norman added. 'I was heading to Fifth Corps HQ, they pulled me off the truck and they sent me here. This has got to be a mistake.' He said while he retook the bag from the Mexican. 'Mistake? The army don't make mistakes.' the ugly one said. 'You from Missouri?' the moustache asked. 'No.' Norman said. 'Are you from Chicago?' the Mexican asked but Norman shook his head. 'Nah, you from Arkansas ain't you?' the ugly one asked. 'No, I'm from Pittsburg…' 'Hey, shut up man, nobody gives a fuck where you from.' the ugly one interrupted and the Mexican seemed to think it funny because he laughed. 'Are you a praying man?' the moustache asked. Norman slowly nodded. 'Yeah, I go to church.' It was silent for a quick moment. 'Which denomination are you? Episcopalian?' Norman didn't answer. 'Yeah you are. You're a mainliner, ain't you?' The moustache grinned. 'Yes. I am.' Norman now said. 'Are you saved?' the moustache asked. 'I'm baptized.' Norman replied. The ugly one, started laughing. 'That's not what he said. See, you gotta listen.' 'Are you saved?' the moustache repeated. Norman did not reply so there was a brief silence. 'Wait until you see,' moustache said. 'See what?' Norman asked. 'What a man can do to another man.' Sergeant Collier returned. 'Before you find Jesus, why don't you tell us what the fuck you're doing here?' The ugly one said. 'He's our new assistant driver.' Collier muttered. 'What?' the ugly one spat out. 'Don, what the fuck, why? We've got Aggie for that.' the moustache said while pointing out his hand back at the tank, Norman was not completely sure what he meant with that. 'Don't you think that's exactly what I said to that officer son of a bitch, what's his name? The higher officers didn't approve so they sent this kid.' Collier looked at Norman now. 'Nothing personal. Come on boys, work him in.' Collier left again and the boys seemed extremely reluctant to follow his order, but they eventually did it. They started off introducing themselves shortly, by stating their names and their position inside the tank. So they were known as Grady, Gordo and Bible, but Norman doubted that the moustache's name was actually Bible. 'Why don't you go inside and take a look at your seat then?' 'Wait, wait,' Gordo spoke. 'We've gotta tell him the rules first.' 'You're right Gordo, Boyd tell this fucker the rules.' Grady said. 'Okay. Rule number one: do as you're fucking told. Rule number two: you don't touch any personal belongings from anyone else. Rule number three…' Bible seemed to slow down just to make sure Norman would understand the severity, but it all didn't go fast enough for Gordo. 'Rule number three is you don't fuck with Angel. Not only because it's a rule –just for you though- but trust me it's for your own good either way.' Gordo said. 'Who's Angel?' Norman asked after which Bible –who was apparently officially named Boyd- started grinning and slammed on the hood of the tank. 'Aggie, get the fuck outta there!' he yelled. The main hatch opened up and Norman was flabbergasted. He was completely struck. It was a woman coming out. A young, stunningly beautiful woman. 'What the fuck do you want?' she yelled back but she kept silent when she saw Norman. 'Who the fuck's that?' Both Grady and Gordo started laughing. 'He's the new assistant driver.' Bible said, and then the woman's face turned into a death stare. 'What?' she said, after which she climbed out whole and let herself slide onto solid ground. 'This fucking kid? He's like fucking seventeen.' she said. 'I'm eighteen, actually.' Norman said but the woman raised her hand for him to shush. 'Shut up. Where's Don?' she asked Gordo, but at that exact moment Collier arrived at Fury's parking place again. 'Don.' The woman caught his attention immediately. 'What the fuck's this supposed to mean?' Don looked at her silently and then starting tying luggage onto the outside of the tank. 'You mad, Agnes?' Collier said with a small grin. So what was her name? Agnes, Aggie or Angel? Norman had lost track. 'Am I mad? Of course I'm mad, is this kid really going to take up my fucking place?' 'Listen, I can't change it; the platoon-crew division is up to my superiors. All I can say is that they're never gonna get you outta Fury so don't worry about that.' Collier said. 'So what will I do then? Be up there stuck with you and Bible doing nothing?' Don started laughing as well as Bible. 'Shut up Aggie, you love me.' he chuckled. Agnes ignored him. 'Actually I'm glad,' Collier began. 'Now I can use you for what you're in the army for.' 'I can't do shit with my sight if I can't shoot, Don.' Agnes replied. 'You'll have a loose machine gun. You'll be my lookout.' Collier said. 'And what of me during heads up?' Don sighed as he actually didn't know. 'I don't fucking know, how often will that be?' 'Fine, but then I want a sniper as well.' Grady started laughing, but Don, Gordo, Bible and Norman were wise enough not to because a slap on the back of the head of the guy from Agnes followed. 'What are you going to do with a sniper in a moving tank?' Bible asked calmly. 'You can't keep the scope steady.' 'I don't need the scope,' she replied. 'I need the distance it covers.' Collier looked around at the lads and lady. 'I can step out of this platoon whenever I want, Don.' It was the first time Norman had seen her grin. Collier sighed. 'You'll have the sniper.'[Chapter 2] 'Here you go.' Grady handed Norman a cup with a hot substance in it after which he sat down on one of the chests that they had put around a small fire above which they had warmed it. Smelled something like coffee, but it would have to be the strongest one Norman had ever tasted. Everybody seemed to enjoy it though. The first impression Norman had had of Agnes seemed to be untrue, she was actually quite nice, he had figured. Though she hadn't really talked to him yet. Mostly to Bible, but also a lot to Grady and Gordo. Collier wasn't around. He was at a sergeant consultation and Norman was just a private. So were Bible, Grady and Gordo, but Norman wasn't completely sure about Agnes. She wore a different type of uniform. Norman wore a uniform different from Grady, Bible and Gordo's too, but that was because they all wore uniforms that told people they were a tank-platoon. No coats but jackets and somewhat oversized trousers with big boots. Agnes wore it too, at least the same shirt underneath it as Norman had noticed hers and Gordo's were similar, the rest of them had their jacket closed. Of course her boots were not big –she must've been a foot-size 5- and her trousers were tight and less thick as well. Her jacket was slightly different. Norman didn't know why and also didn't know what exactly was different about it, but it was. As if she had somehow adapted it. It suddenly hit Norman that it had become silent. Agnes, Gordo, Grady and Bible had been talking and laughing for some time but now they were just quiet. Agnes was the first to open her mouth. 'Where are you from, Norman?' she asked. Did she actually just speak to him? 'Pittsburgh.' His voice didn't quite cooperate with his mind because it didn't quite come out as he had expected. Quite a high-pitched and soft voice. Soft as in not loud enough, not soft like her voice. There was something special about her voice that enchanted him, but not only him. It seemed like Grady, Gordo and Bible had gotten so used to it that it wasn't something they'd think of any time she'd speak, but it was just impossible for them to never be enchanted by her soft, womanly and rough but tender voice. It was quiet again. Norman hated the silence. He didn't hate silence in general, but this silence, this awkward silence… 'So… Where are you from?' Norman asked. Agnes chuckled, and so did Grady and Bible. 'Do you not hear?' Agnes asked incredulously but grinning. 'Wait, let me repeat that.' She cleared her throat. ' \"Do you not hear?\" ' Now Norman heard. She was British as fuck. 'I'm from London. Only I've been with these American fuckers for so long my accent has been slightly stashed.' Agnes said and then she took a sip of her coffee and remained silent again. 'So if you're British, why are you in the American army?' Norman asked and everyone immediately looked at him as if he should never have asked that. 'Oh, do you mean to say you have a fucking problem with that?' Gordo asked but Agnes put her hand on his arm that was leaning on his leg. 'Gordo, shut up.' She turned to Norman. 'Is that the question you're asking? Why I'm in the American army? Not, for example, why I'm in the army at all?' she asked. Norman hesitated to speak. 'Well. I didn't think you'd want me to…' 'Okay, you know what, just don't ask. There's only one story behind why I'm with the Americans and neither me, nor Bible, nor Gordo, nor Grady and especially nor Wardaddy feel like telling you this. Ever.' And Agnes' kindness was gone again. 'Ain't that true, Bible?' Agnes said. 'Yep, that's true, Aggie.' Bible said while he continued staring to the ground as he had been for a while. Silence again, until Collier returned. He sat down and then looked upon his crew. 'Agnes,' She looked up from the ground at him. 'Have you eaten anything today?' She slowly shook her head but didn't look like she was planning on eating anything either. 'Make sure you eat something. We've got a new mission. We're leaving in ten.' 'I'm not hungry.' Agnes replied. Collier was just about to stand up and leave again to chat with some other sergeants, but then he gave Agnes a piercing glance and remained on his chair. 'Did I ask you if you were fucking hungry? Huh? Did I?' He had seriously become angry within seconds. 'No you did not.' Agnes said barely making any noise at all. 'No I did fucking not. I can't have you like that again, if you're not going to take your own responsibility then I am.' And he walked away. It was silent again while Agnes looked at her feet. Bible was the first to speak. 'Come on, Aggie.' He got her up by her arm and started leading her towards the rations-tent but as soon as she was on her feet she pulled her arm loose. 'I can walk on my own.' she said after which she started walking towards the tent at high pace. Bible sighed and followed her after. 'What… What did Sergeant Collier mean when he was talking about her responsibility?' Norman dared ask now that Agnes and Bible were both gone. Gordo and Grady looked at one another, questioning whether or not they should tell Norman the story behind it, but then Gordo decided to do so. 'Angel, you know… She had a brother once, and he was in the army, you know, the British army. But he died. She was already with us when she got the news; she got a telegram. She didn't cry or nothing… No, Angel never cries. What she did, she starved herself. And it was kinda scary, I guess; nobody noticed anything. Not only that we never saw her eat but she herself she didn't change a thing until one moment, boom.' Gordo snapped his fingers to strengthen the effect. 'We were just at the camp, luckily, no danger. She just dropped to the ground and she didn't wake up until an hour after. I've never seen nothing like that before. The minutes before that she was acting just fine. So now Don just can't keep his eyes off her, you know, like we all care. Only just he's in charge of her… And sometimes she's just not hungry, nothing wrong with that. She stopped starving herself months ago, but still…' There was only one thing that Norman could not manage to grasp. 'But… Why do you help her? I mean, no offense but I bet that if I would act like that I would be left for dead or be kicked out of the crew.' Norman said. 'You sure would be.' Grady replied. 'But that's not how it works with Angel, you know. She saves us we save her, that's how it works.' he continued. Norman was just about to ask what Grady meant with 'she saves us', but then Agnes and Bible returned and he didn't dare to anymore. 'You okay there, Angel?' Grady asked while she sat down next to him with some bread in her hands that looked so hard it would be impossible to work your teeth through it in her hands. She nodded and then leaned against the side of his shoulders as she pulled up her knees to her chin and ate her food while she stared into the distance. It was silent again, and this silence remained for about five minutes whilst the crew smoked some cigarettes, Bible read a book –probably the holy bible, yes- and Norman just sat there doing nothing. But then, Agnes suddenly spotted something in her line of staring that awakened the crew. 'Is that a fucking SS?' she muttered as she got up. Everybody followed her glance. 'You're right, it fucking is.' Grady said as he got up as well. Immediately, everybody's eyes started to look for Collier. Of course, Agnes was the first to spot him. 'Hey, why are you bringing him through here? Why isn't he sleeping?' Everybody heard him from a distance. 'G2 wants a prisoner to question.' One of the sergeants that was holding the SS replied. 'Oh, I'll question him…' Now Collier walked up to them, and the Fury-crew followed him. Norman noticed that they knew what was about to happen and were very much trying to avoid this. 'Wass ist deine lieblingsfarbe? Bist du ein güte tanzer? Sehest auf dikke weiber?' 'Get back!' One of the other sergeants that was leading the prisoner said and that started a fight. Collier was resolute to punch the SS in the face, but Bible, Gordo and Agnes tried to hold him back, even while other people were cheering for Collier. The SS was removed from the hurdle and for a moment Collier tried to go after him, but was held back by Agnes. 'Don. It's me, it's me, you got MP's everywhere you gotta stop now, alright?' Agnes said as it looked as if they were hugging seeing the way she was holding him back. Collier finally calmed down a bit, non-verbally thanked Agnes for holding him back and returned to the Fury. 'Mount up boys, we're leaving.' Everybody immediately started packing up, except for Agnes; she immediately confronted Collier. 'I have one question for you, Don. Where's the sniper you promised me?' she asked with some sort of grin on her face. Collier didn't grin though, the look on his face was serious as some young private approached them and held a sniper in front of Agnes' face after which she took it from him without interrupting her eye-contact with Collier. 'Thank you, sergeant .' It was clear to see that Agnes was messing with his authority and that he didn't exactly like it but didn't feel like doing anything about it. 'Where are we heading?' Gordo asked. 'North. We're tying up with Baker Company.' Collier said as he climbed onto the tank, and so did everyone else.[Chapter 3] It wasn't as crowded inside as it would be during heads up. Only Norman and Gordo were inside in the front. Collier had only his upper-body sticking out the main hatch, and Bible was leaning out of the hatch next to the main one. Grady and Agnes both sat on top of the tank, Grady at the gun, Agnes just in front and below Bible, on the non-rotating part, leaning against Fury's 76mm canon. They had been driving for maybe three minutes, and had now reached open fields. Only they weren't as empty as you'd expect them to be. There were German refugees everywhere, walking in the direction of the American army-camp. Normal civilians, but also German soldiers that were holding up white flags as a sign of their surrender. There were people carrying their last possessions, even a woman in a wedding dress… When the first group of refugees had passed them, Norman saw only one more girl, dragging her bike with her through the mud because if she'd try to cycle, she would sink down into the ground. She had to carry her bike off the road to make way for the tanks. She caught Norman's glance as he rode past her. A glance full of desperation. And she was gone, out of his sight. 'She'll let you fuck her for a chocolate bar.' Gordo suddenly said. 'That's not true.' Norman replied. 'It's not true?' Gordo asked. 'No.' 'Alright then, it's not true.' Gordo might have planned to end the conversation like this, but to Grady there was more to it. 'It's completely fucking true,' he said. 'Or just give her some smokes.' he added to it. 'You ain't got to fuck around and give her a whole pack neither. Fucking four will do it.' 'Norman. Ignore him.' Bible said. 'Don't disappoint Christ now, don't let them lead you astray.' 'Hey Bible, what's the saying?' Agnes asked. 'What?' 'Something like: don't judge people if you yourself should be judged.' Norman wondered what she meant with that. 'Hey, I ain't judging him. Just giving him some advice. By the way that ain't a fucking saying.' There was a brief moment of silence before Collier spoke. 'You see, we can kill 'em, but we can't fuck 'em 'cause it says so in the bible.' Collier added to it. 'Have you got something to say, Wardaddy?' Agnes said as she turned herself around but Collier grinned. 'Stop, alright?' Bible pleaded. 'I'm done trying to convert your heathens. Do you mind if I continue invading Germany?' 'Boyd, do you think Jesus loves Hitler?' Collier asked him. 'Do I think Jesus loves Hitler?' Bible repeated. 'I'd assume so. If Hitler accepted Jesus into his heart and got baptized, he'd be saved. It ain't gonna save him from man's justice.' 'What about your regular-issue Nazi line trooper?' 'No, I'm not gonna do this with you.' Bible said. 'Is he going to Heaven?' Collier continued anyway. 'We've been talking about the same dumb shit for three years. You know I'll stand on it, you're trying to rile me up now.' Bible replied. 'Hey, what about me, huh? You think you could save me?' Grady jokingly asked. 'Sing me a hymn?' 'Yeah, sure.' Bible replied. 'Sing Old Rugged Cross.' Grady said. ' On a hill, far away… ' 'I like the way your mouth moves when you sing.' Grady stated while he tried to touch Bible's moustache. 'Don't.' Bible said. 'I like it.' 'I'll sing it if you don't do that.' Bible tried to push Grady's hand away but that didn't quite work out, as he was too lazy to remove his hands from his jacket's pocket. Grady continued annoying him. 'Let me just touch your moustache.' That made Agnes crack up even though she couldn't see what was going on behind her, but both Bible and Grady ignored her. She had a cute laugh... 'Don't fucking touch me. Stop! Grady.' 'Why does that bother you so much, when I touch your moustache?' 'Stop! Or I'll shoot you. I'll shoot you I swear!' 'Stop. Knock it off, knock off the horseplay.' Collier calmed them down again. It was silent again for a few seconds. 'Boyd, you think Hitler would fuck one of us for a chocolate bar?' Collier asked to lighten the mood and everybody laughed. 'I hope so.' Bible replied. Silence for a while longer, until they laughed again, having thought about the joke in silence. 'Angel would you fuck me for a chocolate bar?' Grady asked. Agnes scoffed. 'Do you think I'm a fucking whore?' 'Then what? Boyd, tell me the secret.' Agnes did not answer that question. 'Grady, can you just shut up now?' Bible muttered. Another few seconds of silence. 'Yes, Grady. I'd fuck you for a chocolate bar.' Her voice was overflowing of sarcasm. 'Problem is you don't have one.' 'I do.' Collier said. 'Go to hell, Wardaddy.' she laughed scornfully. Fury approached a line of trees on the right, and open field on the left. 'All right, Norman, you keep your eyes on those trees. Angel if you see anything moving in the distance over there you shoot it, point blank.' Collier spoke through the intercom. 'Roger.' Agnes replied as she took her sniper in her hands, but she remained sitting relaxed, watching the fields. Norman kept his eyes on the line of trees and saw nothing. Wait, he did see something. What was that? Was that a person? Yes it fucking was. He tried to focus his eyes better so he could see, but he kept his mouth shut. Was that a fucking kid? 'Aggie your hair looks like shit, you should re-braid it.' Bible said with a grin which made Agnes turn around to look at him and probably use some swear words against him, but she stopped mid-way and looked at the tree line. It was a kid, yes. A kid with a fucking bazooka. 'Ambush!' she immediately shouted. 'Right side ambush!' But it was too late. The shot the kid released on the first tank in line created total chaos. A fire rapidly spread itself across the tank until the whole inside was on fire. 'Watch that tree line, we're ripe for an ambush!' Both Collier and Agnes immediately started shooting, while the head-sergeant in the first tank caught fire and screamed. There was a clear difference between Collier's shooting and Agnes' shooting. Collier fired away, while Agnes made quick, unconnected shots, aimed specifically at individual targets. Her bullets caught two of them, Collier shot the kid that had fired the bazooka and had tried to run. The head-sergeant that was on fire had somehow managed to get out of his tank, and was rolling off, screaming in pain as he was being burned alive. As soon as he reached the ground, the screaming stopped. Agnes had shot him right through the head with her handgun. The chaos was over. Collier got off the tank and walked a few paces into the woods. Three kids… 'Shit, did you see that?' Grady asked while he turned to the tanks behind him. They had missed it all though. Bible looked at the dead head-sergeant in shock and so did Agnes, even though she was the one that had the guts to relieve him from his misery. Collier returned. 'Norman! You cocksucker, why didn't you take the shot?' Collier shouted. 'He was just a kid. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry, sergeant.' Collier climbed the tank while Norman spoke, and when he was done he grabbed him by his collar as Norman cowered. 'You see what a kid can do?' Collier asked and he made Norman look at the still-burning-but-dead head-sergeant. 'Look! That's your fault. That's you fucking fault. Next German you see with a weapon, you rake the dog shit out of him. I don't care if it's a baby with a butter knife in one hand and mama's titty in the other. You chop him up!' 'Yes, sergeant!' Norman received a good slap on his head –which was protected by his helmet though- and Collier turned to Agnes. 'You okay, Angel?' he asked and she nodded. 'You did good.' She knew that, but she did just kill one of her own. Collier got inside his hatch again. He looked back at Peterson and Binkowski in the tanks behind him and shook his head. The first tank was out. 'All tanks, Wardaddy. Looks like I'm it. I'll lead the column let's get us where we're going.' Gordo steered the Fury past the burning tank, and they rode off. A/N: I hope you liked this update, I'm trying to write as much as I can but of course, then again there's school. I mostly hope you like the way I've put Agnes in the team, even though you haven't found out that much about her and why she's here just yet. Believe me, it'll come. Please leave a review, see you soon![Chapter 4] It took the Fury about half an hour to arrive at another military camp. Baker Company. A man approached them as they stopped. 'Baker Company?' Collier asked. 'Yes sir.' the man replied. 'I'm not a sir.' 'Me neither. Who's the leader of this column?' 'I am.' Collier said. 'Then I'm talking to the right man, come on, the old man's waiting.' The private started walking while Collier turned to Agnes, who had already climbed off the tank to stretch her legs for a bit. 'Agnes. You come with me.' 'Roger.' she replied. Norman wondered very much why Collier would take Agnes to discuss battle-matters with a superior. But then again, who was he to wonder? He hardly knew her, still didn't know why she was on the tank either. Collier got off and gestured for Agnes to follow him. She did, but she had her way of following Collier around at camps she wasn't familiar with. Which was about every camp but their own. Most important for was to keep her profile extremely low and keep close to Wardaddy, trying to keep her face unnoticed. She wasn't afraid of anyone finding out she was a woman, but it would create some insurrection and they just didn't have the time for that now. 'Pencil-pushing motherfucker,' Waggoner turned to the two of them as he put down the phone. Only he hadn't just noticed Agnes. 'How you doing?' he asked Collier, but Don didn't reply so he continued to go on with matters that actually mattered. 'Come with me.' Collier and Agnes followed him to some sort of desk that had maps and important papers on it. 'Alright, how many tanks we got?' 'Four.' Collier replied. 'Four? You shitting me?' Waggoner sighed. 'I asked for ten.' He turned to the private that had led Collier and Agnes here. 'Miles! Sergeant Miles!' 'Yes, sir?' 'Get First Platoon ready. You'll be his gunner.' 'I don't need him.' Collier stated and Waggoner turned to him. 'You got five men on your Sherman you'll need an extra gunner.' 'Nah, I got six.' 'Six?' Collier turned his head back to Agnes. 'Show yourself, Angel.' She stepped aside and now Waggoner saw her. He wasn't as shocked as Norman had been, but he was astonished. 'Private Towler, or Angel. Whichever you like.' She reached out her hand and he took it and shook it slowly. 'Captain Waggoner.' Then he turned back to Collier. 'So the stories are true?' 'Depends on which story you heard.' Collier replied. Waggoner turned back to Sergeant Miles. 'Just get the platoon ready.' 'Roger.' And the sergeant was gone. Waggoner turned to the maps again. 'All right, here's the deal. I got a platoon trapped in this beet field by machine guns.' He pointed out a place on the map. 'I sent my tracks in. Jerry took them out. So, anti-tank guns there, there, possibly there. I don't know. I need you to rescue my guys. Take the guns out.' Collier looked at the map for a second. 'I can do that.' 'All right, that clears this road into this town, you push forward. I'll join you there; we'll clear it up. Maybe they'll surrender. Or maybe they'll fight.' Waggoner sighed. 'This high ground, you got any eyes on it?' Collier pointed out a spot on the map. 'I had eyes there, gone. And there, gone. We're flying blind, it's you and me.' Collier sighed through his nose and then looked at Agnes, who seemed intrigued by the map. 'You think you got vision from there?' he asked. He noticed how Agnes' eyes switched from the spots Waggoner had pointed out to the bottom of the map -where the scale of the map was written down- and back. 'Yes.' she replied. 'Are you sure? That's damn nearly impossible.' Waggoner said. 'Captain Waggoner I mean no offense but you've heard the stories so why do you question my answer?' Agnes monotonously asked. That left Waggoner silent. 'Krauts got sights on this road. I don't want to show my flank, you got any objection if I come in here?' 'You can arrive on a magic carpet, for all I care. I know who you are. I know you know what you're doing. You just paste them hard for me. They murdered some good boys out there today.' Waggoner sighed. 'Why don't they just quit?' Collier looked at him. 'Would you?' he asked. That was the end of the conversation, so Collier and Agnes left again and walked back to the Fury. While Collier walked over to the other platoon sergeants to explain to them what they were going to do, Agnes climbed the Fury again. 'What did he need you for?' Norman dared ask and Agnes stopped right in front of him, her legs somewhat spread in front of him to keep her balance. 'What's it to you?' she replied and she climbed further. Okay, Norman thought. So she just doesn't feel like telling . But that didn't seem to be true because he heard Bible asking the same question when Agnes was seated again and he did get a normal answer. Something about her vision on the matter, literally. 'Alright, boys. Mount up!' Collier spoke as he left the clique of sergeants. 'We got some boys trapped in the field, so we got ourselves a rescue-mission.' He climbed the tank and they drove off. Agnes wasn't sitting on top of the tank any longer. Grady was at the gun, Wardaddy hanging out of the main hatch, and Agnes was peeking out of the second hatch together with Bible. The First Platoon of Baker Company accompanied the Fury crew. It was a long march so they were 'hitchhiking' on the tanks so they didn't have to walk. Norman had noticed how Agnes first just wanted to sit on top, where she had been sitting on their way to Baker Company, but Bible insisted that she'd join him. Norman supposed it definitely had something to do with all the stranger-privates on top of the Fury. As if he wanted to protect her. Though Norman was sure that she did not need protection. She was about the toughest woman he'd ever seen. It had been silent for a while. It seemed as if somehow the tank-crew was reluctant to chat as they normally would have, because of all the privates they were not familiar with, but Collier didn't seem to enjoy the silence at this very moment. He got something out of his pocket. 'Hey Angel. Still want that chocolate-bar?' he asked as he held the freshly wrapped bar in front of her face. Agnes fairly laughed as she enjoyed the joke he was making. 'How much will I get for it?' he asked. 'Well, as I said earlier I would totally fuck Grady for a chocolate-bar. Though you…' She sighed. 'It's gonna cost you at least three more.' Grady and Gordo started laughing uncontrollably. Bible laughed as well but could manage to talk. 'Ha ha ha, motherfucker.' One could hear his laughing through his talking. 'Apply water to the burned area.' he said and Collier just looked at the roof of the tank while he bit his lip and grinned in a form of shame. 'Oh, you are amazing. I'm gonna marry this girl once.' Bible said while he wrapped his arms around Agnes from behind. 'Yeah, you wish.' Agnes said but she did lean her head back onto his shoulder. They drove until they saw plumes of smoke in the fields and trees on the right. Collier was the first to spot them –as Agnes had been quietly chatting with Bible-, but Don needed his binoculars to spot look at them closely, spotting detail. Angel didn't need them at all. Norman was surprised by the strength her eye-muscles must've had to see focus on those things from this far. 'They're over there.' Agnes stated. 'The guys?' Collier asked. 'Yeah. They're on the ground, what do you want to do?' Collier and Agnes looked at each other and then Collier took the intercom in his hands. 'All tanks, Wardaddy. I assume you've all seen the plumes, Angel confirms that there's troops on the ground over there. Let's go get the boys.' A/N: Here I am again! I hope you liked the chapter! Please do leave a review as I enjoy reading them very much. But of course also because I would like to know what you think about the chapter and what you think of the relationships between Angel and the Fury crew.[Chapter 5] 'Alright, let's get the boys off.' Wardaddy spoke. He turned to Sergeant Miles sitting at the back of the tank. 'Get them off, give me the last man.' Miles nodded and started yelling for the privates to get to the ground. 'Button up.' Don told the Fury-crew and Agnes switched places with Grady as Gordo and Norman closed their hatch. Bible and Grady went in as well. ' All right, all tanks move out, hard right. Hard right.' Wardaddy spoke over the intercom, as they turned right through the hedgerows and Miles ordered his men to form in on the tracks Fury had left behind. ' Alright, catch up with the Fury.' 'On my line guys, on my line.' 'We're already drifting.' 'Angel, you keep an eyeball on that high ground. Right.' Collier said. ' 'Watch that treeline right there, darling.' Binkowski said over the intercom. 'She copies.' Collier replied, as Agnes did not carry an intercom herself. They reached the second hedgerow, after that they would be in full sight of the Krauts. That was where the troops were on the ground. ' All right, left stick, left stick what the fuck.' They were through. ' Eyes on the ground, eyes on the ground. Keep an eye out.' Wardaddy warned. 'Over here!' One of the privates on the ground yelled and Agnes gestured for him to collide with the troops behind the Fury. The man was shocked to see a woman, but was quickly forced to look at the private running towards him, retrieving him from the field. ' Gordo, slow, slow, slow.' ' We got bodies.' 'Eyes on the ground, guys.' 'Fall in, fall in!' Peterson yelled at the troops on the ground. Most of the troops were now relatively safe behind the tanks. ' Speed up just a little bit.' As Agnes looked around at the field to see if every troop was safe now, she noticed another unit, being approached by a tank. She leaned forward and snatched the intercom out of Colliers hands. 'Love one three, right stick! You got troops on the ground!' 'Fuck! Right stick, god damn it.' She gave the intercom back to Collier. 'Get your head out of your ass!' Wardaddy yelled at them. 'They weren't fucking paying attention…' Agnes muttered as she got back into her place. All of the troops had fallen in with Baker Company behind the tanks. 'Agnes, you got any vision on the anti-tank yet?' Collier asked after which Agnes narrowed her eyes and stared into the distance. 'Agnes?!' Wardaddy felt that they were about to get fired at. 'Machine-gun, twelve o'clock! On the ground!' There was no need for Collier to repeat it through the intercom. Everyone had heard. And at that exact moment, the Krauts started firing their bullets. ' Bible, hit that machine gun. Traverse left, 800.' 'Grady?!' 'Clear!' 'Fire!' 'On the way!' A loud blast from the canon and the ground near the Kraut-machinegun exploded. Dead bodies were flying through the air. ' Okay, cease fire. Target destroyed.' Collier said as Bible laughed because of his success. But then, another loud bang and a cannonball passed the tanks. ' Fuck! Anti-tank! Bible traverse left! Traverse left!' But while Bible turned the 76mm gun left, another anti-tank-shot was fired. ' Just a ricochet. We're okay.' Peterson said after everyone heard the loud bang the cannonball had caused by only scraping over Murder Inc. ' Bullshit. That's a Kraut high-velocity gun. I can hear it whistling.' ' Anti-tank. Left front!' 'Got it!' Collier yelled. 'Bible, down fifteen!' 'Clear!' Grady shouted. 'Fire!' 'On the way!' After Bible had fired the shot, Agnes started squirting the tree line with the machine-gun, just like the others. 'Clear!' Grady shouted again. 'On the way!' A massive explosion among the trees. ' Okay, cease fire. Target destroyed.' But that didn't seem true once again. Another anti-tank cannonball only nearly missed Fury. ' There's another gun! Who's got eyes on it?!' Wardaddy spoke. 'Angel?!' She stopped shooting the treeline and narrowed her eyes again. 'What?' She seemed confused. As if her eyes failed her, because she didn't find it at first. But then another anti-tank shot was released and she immediately pointed out directions. 'Antitank, H.E.! Traverse right!' 'Got it!' Wardaddy shouted after which he started repeating Agnes' words over the intercom. 'On! Fire!' 'On the way!' Both Fury and Old Phyllis fired shots. It took them a few rounds to take them out though. ' All tanks, start squirting that treeline, let's go; light them up.' Wardaddy commanded and a chaos of tank-fire started shooting the Krauts that were still left at that treeline, and in the trenches in front of it. Norman did nothing. 'Hey! Start shooting!' Gordo told him. 'But what do I shoot at?' Norman asked in panic. 'The Nazi's dumb fuck!' He looked through his periscope again and started firing random rounds, until he went out of bullets. Only through his periscope, he noticed how one German inside a trench got out a goddamn bazooka. 'Panzerfaust!' He heard Agnes yelling, but he was too busy taking out a new magazine. 'Hey! Get him!' Gordo shouted. 'I'm loading the gun.' 'Hit him!' 'Got him.' Bible's voice was calm as fuck, and Norman did not comprehend why, but luckily, Boyd took the Kraut out within seconds. 'Do your job! Do what you're here for!' Gordo said. 'I was loading the gun!' ' Machine gun, twelve o'clock. Gordo, run those bastards over.' Gordo did not have the time say something back to Norman, but pressed the gas-pedal some more, which caused some Krauts to be run over. ' All tanks, hold here!' Wardaddy put down the intercom now and starting firing the 50 well. This was the final push. Agnes turned back to Sergeant Miles. 'Get your boys in the fight!' 'Fall out! Marching fire!' The American ground-soldiers immediately shot down the fleeing Krauts. Some of them fought back and shot some Baker Company-people down, but it was very clear to see that the Krauts had already lost the fight. 'Hey, squirt those Krauts on the left.' Gordo suddenly told Norman. He looked left. 'All I see are dead bodies.' 'How do you know they're dead? Are you a doctor? Hit them!' 'But they're dead. Why would I shoot them if they're already dead?' 'So they don't stand up and shoot us in the ass!' At this point, Gordo started to shake him up a bit. 'Damn it! Fuck!' He did not fucking sign up for this. 'Get them!' 'Fuck! I can't fucking be here any-fucking-more!' He started thrusting his fist against the tank-wall. 'Turn your goddamn intercom off if you're gonna bawl like that!' Collier said as he peeked inside for a short moment. 'I got it, Top!' It was Agnes' voice, and Norman heard her crawling through the tank behind him as he almost started crying. He couldn't fucking be here. He wasn't supposed to fucking be here. He suddenly felt her hands on his shoulders. 'I fucking give up. I can't be here anymore.' 'Ssh, you're okay. Relax.' Her voice was actually very relaxing, but he did notice how she had to do her utmost best to achieve that effect, because adrenaline was rushing through her body like crazy. 'This ain't pretty, you know. This is what we do.' Gordo said. After Norman calmed down a bit more, Agnes gave him a pat on the shoulders and went up again without saying a word. 'Boys, fight on foot.' 'You take it.' Bible muttered as he left the gun followed by Agnes. Norman was left there while Gordo got out through his own hatch. 'I'm okay… I'm okay.' Everybody had gone out. The fight was over. Norman opened his hatch but stayed in his place as he looked outside at the dead Krauts and some dead or dying Americans. Nobody really paid attention to the comrades. Nobody except for Bible and Angel. Bible was praying with one of the suffocating soldiers, and Agnes… That would be hard to explain. Norman had absolutely no idea what she was doing, but after she left one soldier, she moved on to the other, that was lying on the ground close to the Fury. She kneeled down next to him and took his hand in hers. 'Hey. You're okay, old chap. You're going to be okay. What's your name?' she asked. 'Johnny.' the private replied after which he coughed. 'All right, are you married Johnny?' He slowly nodded. 'Good, we're going to be taking care of your wife, pal. Do you have children?' He nodded again. 'Edward and Rosie.' Johnny whispered, he slightly smiled as he spoke their names. 'How old are they?' 'Seven and three years old.' he replied. 'It's going to be okay. We're going to take care of them as well. Everything is going to be okay. Do you believe in Jesus?' Bible kneeled down next to the two of them. Johnny nodded. 'All right, I'm gonna pray with you now, son.' Bible said as Agnes got up again, but Bible followed her movement with his eyes. 'Are you okay?' he whispered and gestured at the same time and Agnes nodded after which she looked around for a bit. 'I think this is the last one.' 'Why are you staring?' Norman suddenly heard Gordo's voice near to him so he looked away from Agnes and to Gordo, who had a bottle of German booze in his hands that he had snatched of one of the dead Krauts, but then looked at her again. 'What are they doing?' he asked. 'They're doing what they got their names for. Well, that's only partly for Angel. Bible's just praying with the men that are going to die. He literally just recites the Bible.' 'And Angel?' Norman didn't want to sound desperate to get to know more about her, but in fact, he couldn't say he wasn't. 'What does her name have to do with it?' Gordo sighed through his nose as he looked at the girl. 'What she does is; she asks them if they have a wife. If they do, she tells them we're going to take care of her. If they don't she asks them if they have a sweetheart at home, if they do she tells them she's going to live on a happy life and always remember him. If they don't, she asks them if they have ever been kissed before. If they have, she tells them to cherish that moment and think back to the girl they kissed. If not…' Gordo stopped for a moment and looked at Norman, but Norman was too busy watching Angel. 'Well, she gives them a kiss.' Now Norman did look at Gordo. 'What? Why?' 'It's kind of sweet, though, isn't it? She thinks that every man should at least once be kissed by a girl in their life. And as they will die within minutes, she is the only one there.' Norman looked back at Agnes again. 'Why is Bible the one to pray with the men and not her?' he asked. 'Doesn't she believe in God?' Gordo scoffed. 'She believes in Him, she just doesn't like Him very much.' That was a point Norman could not grasp. 'Why?' 'She told me once that she lies to some of those men. Some of those men that are about to die tell her that they will go to hell for all of the people they killed in battle. If just telling them they won't doesn't work, she tells them that there is only one hell, which is the one we live in now and that they will exit it and go to heaven. She tells them that, but she doesn't believe it. She believes in God, because who or what else would be able to make men as evil as someone like Hitler, you know, being responsible for millions of deaths. But she also believes that life is his most beautiful gift and despises Him for taking this gift from innocents by the millions.' Hearing that, it kind of made sense to Norman. He still couldn't quite get why one could not love her God though, but he decided not to go further on that specific matter… 'So… so what is she? Episcopalian? Baptist?' Gordo shook is head. 'I don't think she belongs to any specific denomination. Catholic would probably come closest to her beliefs if any… She doesn't really talk about it openly that often because she doesn't like arguing with Bible.' 'What? Do they get like in fights and stuff?' Norman asked. 'Oh, no. No, Bible and Angel wouldn't ever fight that's impossible. Their opinions just differentiate…' He laughed. 'You're one crazy fucker,' He started walking off while he mumbled something like: 'Bible and Angel fighting, would you believe it?' A/N: A bit of a longer chapter, as I started writing, then skipped at bit and continued writing, but then still had to fill in the bit I skipped haha. As always, I am very curious to hear what you think of the chapter so please do leave a review! Thanks and until next time ;)[Chapter 6] 'Who did you kill?' 'That's a US army coat, who did you kill for it?' 'Where did you get that, boy?' Norman and Gordo both noticed how Agnes' attention was drawn by something near the trees. She had gone to sit with Grady and Bible, next to the Fury, around a small pit of fire that was cooking some water for coffee. Gordo and Norman didn't even notice it their selves at first, because they were too intrigued by Agnes' movements. There was another German soldier alive, wearing a US army coat. 'Vergib mir. Lass mich gehen.' 'Who did you kill? What did you do?' One of the privates raised his gun at him. 'Nicht schießen. Bitte. Ich bin unbewaffnet.' They started pushing him around a bit, but one more intelligent guy turned to Collier. 'Sergeant?!' he called. 'Hold on!' Wardaddy replied. 'Back it up, boys.' Collier got off the tank. 'Norman, get to the ground.' Norman looked at Gordo for a second, who gave no notice of knowing what Collier wanted of him, so he got out and to the ground. 'Come here, Norman. Come on, son.' Collier said. He laid his hand on Norman's shoulder as he led him towards the group of men involving a Kraut. He turned to Sergeant Miles. 'Sergeant, call you dogs off.' 'Come on guys, back up.' The Kraut took out some pieces of paper to show them to Norman and Wardaddy. 'Ich habe einze Familie zu Hause. Bitte.' He showed him a picture. 'Das ist meine Frau.' Another picture. 'Das sind meine Kinder.' Wardaddy smacked the pictures to the ground. 'Shut the fuck up.' he said, and then he grabbed him and brought him to his knees. That alarmed Agnes, Bible and Grady, who stood up and slowly started walking closer, but not crossing a certain line of apathy. 'Auf den Knien.' Wardaddy said, after which he walked back to Norman, swiping the Kraut's pictures lying on the ground away. 'You are no goddamn good to me unless you can kill Krauts.' he said. 'Don.' Agnes spoke, who already knew what Collier was planning to make Norman do, but she stayed put. Wardaddy ignored her. 'Put a big fat hole in his back.' Collier reached out his handgun to Norman, but Norman slowly shook is head. 'Put a big fat hole,' Collier pushed the gun against Norman's chest. 'In his fucking back.' He was clearly starting to lose his temper. 'No.' It took Norman a whole lot of courage to say that, actually. 'Why the hell not?' 'Don, please...' Agnes tried again. 'Shut up!' Wardaddy yelled at her and he turned back to Norman again. 'I asked why the hell not?' 'It's not right.' he whispered. That made Collier lose his temper and he smacked Norman in the face. ' \"Not right.\" We're not here for right and wrong.' Another slap. 'We're here to kill them.' He grabbed Norman by his collar. 'Why are you here? You're here to kill him.' Norman tried to pull himself loose but Collier grabbed him again soon enough. 'You know why he's here? He's here to kill you.' He pushed Norman around a bit. 'He's here to kill you, Norman. He's here to rip your throat out with a bullet.' At this point the Kraut started to beg for mercy in a language probably only Collier understood. 'Go to hell.' Norman said, but that wasn't a smart decision because he received another slap and then Collier got hold off his head and pushed it down to his chest. 'I'm trying to teach you something.' Collier calmly spoke after he'd let him go again. 'Are you here to get me killed?' 'No.' Norman whispered. 'I need you to perform. Just get it over with.' 'I can't do it.' Norman cried. 'Yes, you can. I know you can.' Collier replied. 'He kills you, or you kill him. Simple math.' He slapped his face again. 'You or him? Pick.' Collier pointed at Norman's chest with the gun. 'Don he's right, you can't do this. He's surrendered.' Agnes tried but Collier ignored her. 'You or him? Pick!' he repeated, but then he noticed how Agnes walked towards him. 'Don, can't you see he's terrified?' He stopped her before she could somewhat pull him away from Norman by turning around, and reaching out his hand. His hand hit her chest soon enough and he looked her in the eyes for a second. That was enough for her to know that enough was enough. She had crossed a line, and she now realized and understood that. A final push from Wardaddy made her gently fall to the ground but she didn't care. She understood. 'Come on, Norman, pick. You or him?' Collier continued. 'Just kill me.' Norman said. 'Kill me. Kill me! Please! Kill me! I can't do it!' Now he had crossed a line as well. Collier grabbed him by the little hair he had at got him on his knees after which he kneeled down behind him. Norman struggled to get loose in vain; Wardaddy was much stronger than him. 'Fucking stop!' Norman yelled but it was no use. 'Please stop.' The worst part was that everyone was watching them. The entire Baker Company, all the other tankers, even Agnes who was still just chilling on the ground quite close to them. 'Oh, no, no.' Collier spoke. 'This is the easy part.' 'What the hell?' Norman squeaked. 'All right.' Collier fully cocked his gun. 'Please don't make me do this. Don't make me do this.' Norman whispered. 'Nein! Bitte!' The German tried but everybody ignored him. Collier closed Norman's hand around the gun and pushed his finger through the trigger-hole. 'It's all right. One… Two…' Norman was still struggling to escape. 'Do it, Norman.' Collier repeated that sentence a couple of times, but then he'd had enough. He pulled the trigger himself and Norman screamed. Collier stood up immediately, kicked Norman while he was lying on the ground and then walked away. 'Do your job.' Norman covered his face as he recovered from mental and physical pain, but he noticed that Agnes was looking at him. He carefully looked at her, not exposing his face too much. She had been sitting too close to the whole thing and had some Kraut blood-spatters on her face, he noticed, but she either didn't care or hadn't noticed. She only looked at him. She didn't speak, or bother to get up to help him up. She just sat there, until Bible came to retrieve them. He surprisingly first walked to Norman. 'Come on, Norman.' He grabbed his arm and pulled him up. 'Let's go.' He gave him a soft nudge towards Grady and Gordo sitting around a small fire, and then turned to Agnes. He reached out his hand towards her while his eyes made sure that Norman arrived at his comrades safely. She grabbed his hand and he helped her up, it was only then that he looked upon her face. 'Damn, sweetie, you got blood all over your face.' he said after which he tried to rub the small amount of spatters off with his thumb, but she slightly turned her face away. 'It's okay.' She went to sit with Grady, Gordo and Norman while Bible followed her. 'Is this supposed to make a man out of me?' Norman asked. 'Sit down.' Bible said. 'Is this supposed to make a man out of me? 'Cause my conscience… it's clean. My conscience is clean.' He sat down. 'I'm keeping it that way.' There wasn't any form of chair left so Agnes sat down on the ground next to Gordo. 'You're covered in Kraut blood, girl.' Gordo said. 'I know, just leave it. I'll wash it off later.' she replied. 'Look right here, hot coffee.' Bible said as he handed Norman a cup, he didn't sit down, he just remained standing. 'It's okay Norman; we've all had our disciplinary retribution from Don at least one time. He's trying to keep us alive.' Agnes said. Grady started chuckling. 'Yeah we have. Remember that one time, Angel?' She buried her head in her hands as she grinned and Gordo and Bible started chuckling as well. 'Oh you were being a proper naughty one, he slapped good didn't he?' Agnes started laughing out loud. 'Yes he did, Grady. And so he should have.' Everyone laughed but Norman couldn't see the fun of it. 'What did you do?' 'Ha ha, nothing more than calling him a dickhead for killing off Krauts that had surrendered themselves.' She looked to the ground. 'But I still think you're right, Norman. He should have lived.' 'Only one thing Aggie hates, ain't it? Cruelty. Cruelty and injustice.' Bible said. 'Yep.' Agnes muttered. 'And the way you Americans say 'duty'.' That lightened the mood and everyone laughed. 'Don might be crazier than a shithouse rat but… he's solid.' Gordo said and he nodded as if confirming what he just said. 'We've been together since Africa, except for Angel then, but… I won't fight with anybody else.' 'Me neither.' Bible said. 'There ain't no crew stayed together like we have, Norman. And that's because of him.' 'First time we got shot at, down in North Africa…' Grady chuckled for a bit. 'Don, he done shit his drawers full.' Agnes was the first to start laughing, but the rest followed her, except for Norman of course. 'He stunk the tank up real loud.' Grady added to it, which caused more laughter. 'It's true.' Agnes and Gordo were the first to get on their feet and stop laughing. Collier had showed up behind Grady. Everyone followed their lead. 'We move out in fifteen. Norman, I haven't seen you eat anything all day, make sure you get something to eat.' He walked off again and Grady turned to Norman. 'You best go eat something. Make sure he sees it too.' He started packing up already. 'See Norman, he does take care of us.' Agnes said with a slight smile, and she followed everybody starting to pack up. Up to the next town to take. A/N: Hey there! Hope you enjoyed this chapter! As always please leave a review, I would like to receive as many from you as you can haha. No seriously, I live of those comments :')[Chapter 7] They neared a small village as Norman relaxed as much as he could. Still wasn't much though. Not far as much as Agnes. Norman was in his place. Gordo was in his place. Collier was in his place. Grady was sitting on top of the tank, Bible was hanging out the side-hatch. And Agnes… Agnes was sleeping. She had popped inside and was leaning against Collier legs as he was just standing and hanging out the main hatch. She was gone, deep sleep, and Norman could just not understand how she did that. She had been sleeping for at least half an hour now. 'Angel, sweetheart wake up we're nearing the town.' Grady suddenly spoke, but she didn't hear him. She was very, very slightly snoring, Norman noticed. It sounded kind of cute. 'Agnes.' Collier suddenly spread his legs, which made Agnes' head drop and she tumbled down to the absolute bottom of the tank. 'Fucking hell.' she muttered as she got up. 'Get your ass up here, I need your eyes.' It sounded kind of weird to Norman, but in a way it made sense… Agnes got hold of Bible's ankles and almost pulled him down as she got herself up, which caused Bible to start laughing while he reached out his hand to help her up, as Gordo drove Fury into the small town. There were corpses hanging from windows. Hanged. 'They got signs around their necks,' Bible said. 'What do them signs say?' Collier narrowed his eyes. '\"I'm a coward and refused to fight for the German people.\"' 'The SS do that. Let them rip themselves to pieces. Fuck them.' Gordo pleaded. 'Grady, Bible, get yourselves down.' As they climbed inside again, Wardaddy started talking some commands through his intercom, stating something about them taking the town from the South, and that Binkowski was to follow Fury and stay off its ass. It was still a very inhabited town. Even though Agnes was sure that there were Krauts hiding in resident's houses, there were so many normal civilians, scared of the oncoming tanks and soldiers. 'Clear the alley!' Collier shouted at Sergeant Miles. Something or someone that wasn't in any American's vision yet had dropped some smoke bombs. 'Gordo, just punch through that wall of smoke. Angel, you keep your eyes open.' 'Never closed them before, Top.' Collier grinned because of her answer, but remained completely focussed. While Baker Company walked behind, beside and in front of the Fury, they neared a small square. Both Collier and Agnes were pretty sure that this would be a perfect hiding spot for some Krauts that hadn't surrendered yet. 'Gordo halt here.' There was an old man still calmly walking through the alley that was flooded with Allies. 'Opa.' Collier spoke and the man turned around and took off his hat. 'Wo sind die Deutsche Soldaten?' The man slowly raised his walking-stick towards the building right in front of them, about 30 yards ahead, and then fell down to the ground after everyone heard a gun-shot. 'Sniper!' Agnes immediately shouted while she got down a little, not exposing herself too much to avoid a potential death by head-shot. Both Agnes and Collier had noticed where the shot had come from, and immediately started firing in that direction, though Collier interrupted his shooting to talk through a command to Bible. 'Bible, follow that girl's burst. Fire when ready.' 'Roger.' He started traversing the 76mm gun upward, and then fired without saying a word. The wall exploded, but there were still living and fighting Krauts inside. Now Baker Company started firing rounds as well, taking out the Krauts within mere seconds. 'Alright, move up, move up.' Collier spoke through the intercom. Gordo drove forward again, and Baker Company started walking. Then suddenly, there were some loud blasts of gunshot and a few Baker Company soldiers fell down left from the Fury. There were some Krauts hiding in something that looked like a basement with an air-window. 'Shit. Binkowski get those cocksuckers.' Collier said through the intercom, after which he and Agnes buttoned up. 'I'm gonna smack them around for you a bit.' Everybody had expected Binkowski to just use his .50 to take them out, but he didn't. The cannonball from his 76mm gun completely shattered the basement. 'God damn…' Wardaddy muttered as he grinned because of the rubble falling on top of the closed hatch. They both got out again and Collier looked back at Binkowski, who shrugged. 'All right, Gordo, forward.' 'Keep your eyes up, everywhere we go.' Binkowski said. 'Gordo, hard right, into that square. Binkowski, cover our tail.' 'Gotcha.' There were more people hanging from the windows… Almost immediately, they were being fired at by anti-tank hiding in a clothing shop. They had aimed for Agnes but she'd seen them before anyone else and had ducked down in time. The anti-tank cannonball narrowly missed the Fury. 'Anti-tank, traverse left!' Bible started traversing while Agnes still kept her head down. 'Throw some Willy Pete in that ground floor.' Grady reloaded. 'Clear, Boyd!' 'Fire when ready.' Boom. The ground floor exploded and smoke followed. Then the Krauts started screaming. They were on fire, walking out of the store. It only took Norman a few seconds to start shooting at them. They were burning. They didn't need to burn. 'Good shooting kid, keep stacking them up.' Collier approved of his actions, Gordo didn't: 'You should've let them burn.' Baker Company started searching some houses, but from one of them came a man by himself, holding a walking stick with a white shirt tied to it. He looked quite fancy. Probably the mayor of the little town. He wanted to surrender. 'Gordo, halt here.' 'Bitte. Nicht schießen.' Wardaddy gestured for the man the approach. 'Kom hier.' 'Die Soldaten die noch da sind möchten sich ergeben.' the mayor shouted while he walked towards Collier. 'Wir ergeben ons, ja. Der Krieg ist vorbei. Gott sei dank.' Norman didn't understand anything he was saying, but he guessed it wasn't important. He was willing to surrender. 'Sag ihnen sie sollen raus kommen. Ohne Waffen, und mit erhobenen Händen.' Collier replied and then he grabbed the intercom. 'Kom raus!' The mayor started calling for the soldiers to come out. 'Binkowski, load an H.E. and get ready to put it in that bank if these people want to test us.' Collier spoke through the intercom. 'It's my pleasure.' The mayor kept implying that the soldiers would come out without weapons, and then they exited the building. 'Fuck, it's a bunch of kids!' Hearing that, Agnes immediately got out of the tank and to the ground, while she found eye contact with Collier and he nodded. The two of them had made it some sort of a standard procedure, it seemed. Whenever there were children actively involved, she would get out and show herself if not too dangerous. A woman was a nurturing figure, and seeing these kids were already super frightened, it gave them some reassurance, somehow, that nothing was going to happen to them. 'Here they come, keep an eye out.' There were many kids, at least thirty of them, and Miles started to sort it all out. 'Separate them! Right over there!' Baker Company started roughly pushing the kids in the same direction. 'Miles go fucking easy on them, it's a bunch of kids.' Agnes shouted and her voice somehow had so much authority in it that he listened, even though she was a private and he was a sergeant. Apart from the kids, there were also some adult, regular soldiers in there, but they weren't sent in the same direction. They were kept against the wall of the building. 'Why you looking so sour Kraut? What you got?' And apart from the soldiers, there was also one higher officer with a sling around his arm. 'Burgermeister,' Collier said as he caught the mayor's attention. 'Hat der da die Kindern gehängt?' The mayor nodded slowly. 'Ja.' 'Hey, shoot that guy.' He was talking to Angel, but another private spoke first. 'This guy?' He laid his hand on the SS's shoulder. 'Yeah, him. The SS cocksucker with the busted wing. Put him to sleep, darling.' He said to Agnes and she got out her handgun. 'Come on Angel, this one's yours.' The private said as he lined him up for her. 'Auf Wiedersehen, asshole.' He looked Agnes straight in the face as she put her gun against his forehead. 'Enjoy rotting in hell, you heartless bastard.' Blood splashed all over her face as she shot him, and he fell down without her wasting another bullet.[Chapter 8] ' God is dead. We get to sleep tonight. Walk with me, into the truth, out of your lies. Man equals woman. I'm just the messenger, don't shoot me down. The armies of faithful. The killers of reason. The grief for the crown.' And then she stopped strumming chords and started plucking loose strings. Agnes had found a guitar in one of the abandoned houses, and was sitting next to the Fury and Bible, slumped in a chair, playing the guitar and softly singing a song. Boyd was sitting on another chair next to her reading the Holy Bible, and Norman wondered how many times he'd read it already. Probably at least thrice. Captain Waggoner had granted the men a night's rest in the town, but as it wasn't night yet, they were all –or most of them- outside. Some towns-women had dared to show themselves and were clearly planning on hooking up with the Americans. Or at least, the Americans were planning on hooking up with them. Gordo had already found a girl, and was walking towards the Fury with his arm around her waist, as Grady received them. 'I'm gonna take care of you, okay?' The woman agreed. 'You wanna see the tank?' Grady nodded to her: 'How do you do?' 'Hey, I'm gonna marry this girl.' Gordo spoke, one could hear from his voice that he had already been drinking quite a lot. 'Come on up, this gonna be for two. It's gonna be him, then me. All right, you go on up there.' Grady said as he helped the woman up onto the tank. Bible didn't look at them even though they almost pushed him off his chair, and Agnes ignored them too. Well, not completely. She didn't look at them, but she stopped playing the guitar and Norman could see her fingers almost clawing into the neck of the guitar she was holding. She was annoyed by Gordo and Grady, but mostly Grady, Norman figured. Norman looked down to his book again as Gordo and the woman got inside the tank, up until he heard Collier's voice behind him. 'Wasn't nothing right?' Norman turned himself around. 'Come again, sergeant?' 'Rubbing out those heinies. You splashed them real good. Wasn't nothing right?' 'No, it wasn't nothing,' Norman replied. 'In fact, I kinda liked it.' They looked at each other in silence for a moment. 'Do what I tell you. You do that, you'll make it through this thing.' After saying that, Collier lit the cigarette that he had held between his lips all along. While he took his first whiff, he looked around at the place a little bit, and then something inside one of the houses caught his attention. 'Come on.' he said to Norman and he started walking towards the building that had alarmed his eyes. Norman followed. He casted a final eye on the Fury. Agnes had stopped playing the guitar entirely and followed Colliers every move, Grady was leaning against the tank, eating an apple, and Bible only looked up from his book as Norman passed them, but then looked down at it again. Norman followed Collier up the staircase, until there were no more stairs left for them to climb, and Wardaddy banged on one of the doors. Nobody answered it –even though Don didn't give him or her much time to do so-, so he decided the kick it in. A woman immediately raised her hands in the air. 'Wer ist in?' 'Nur ich.' the woman replied. Collier silently looked at her for a second. 'Bullshit.' he then stated and with his hand against her chest, he pushed her towards a double door, which he opened by slamming her against it. The room seemed empty. 'Watch her.' Collier said. He entered the room as Norman slightly raised his machine gun at the woman. Don first checked the closet, nothing, but then he seemed to pause for a moment. As if he'd heard something. Then he suddenly got down to his knee and looked under the bed. 'Komm raus!' he shouted. The woman that Norman was supposed to watch suddenly ran at Wardaddy, trying to pull him back or something, but Norman stopped her in time. 'Hey, calm down. Stand fucking there.' he told her while Wardaddy got a young, blonde girl from under the bed. 'Sie sagte dass niemand hier war.' Collier said to the woman. 'Es tut mir leid. Sie hatten Angst dass…' Collier didn't say anything but pushed the woman down into a chair which shut her up. The girl sat down on the couch next to her and the woman grabbed her hand. Collier seemed to relax himself a bit and put his bag on the kitchen table, while Norman still subtly pointed his gun at the two females. 'Close the door and lock it.' 'What?' 'Lock the fucking door.' Norman walked towards the door that was the entrance to the apartment, and was just about to shut it, but then Agnes suddenly slipped inside. 'What are you doing here?' he softly asked. 'Nothing, I could ask you the same.' Norman hesitated. Should he try and send her away? Collier had obviously ordered him to lock the door so no one else could come in, but now Agnes had entered. Though after thinking about it for a few seconds, he figured that Wardaddy had particularly meant that no other men could come in. He was right, because when Collier noticed Agnes' presence he didn't say anything but just followed her movements as she walked in front of him to the other side of the room where she went to stand in the corner, studying the apartment's interior. Collier turned to the woman. 'Bringen Sie mir heißes Wasser.' The woman didn't nod or anything, she just stood up with fear in her eyes and walked into the kitchen. 'Put down the gun. You're making me nervous. And sit down.' He was talking to Norman, as he was the only one still having his gun raised, so Norman sat down into the chair the woman had just rose from. Agnes remained completely silent. Collier now turned to the girl, still seated on the couch next to Norman, and gestured for her to come closer. She stood up and approached, but not quite close enough so Wardaddy grabbed her wrist and pulled her so the would stand exactly in front of him. 'Wie heißt du, junges Mädchen?' he asked her. 'Emma.' she answered with unsteady voice. He didn't say anything in response, but ordered her to hold up her hand. He started taking something out of his army-bag and then handed her a box. A box full of eggs, and Norman surely wondered how those eggs had managed not to shatter during a war like this. Emma understood and wanted to walk to eggs into the kitchen, but before she could, Wardaddy handed her two packs of cigarettes as well. She wasn't grateful, and didn't act like it either. Why would she act grateful for a pack of cigarettes in exchange for them invading their home? The woman came back from the kitchen with a large bowl filled with hot water, put it on the table in front of Collier, and then walked back to the kitchen again. 'Agnes.' Agnes had been peacefully looking around –even though her facial expression wasn't peaceful at all, rather annoyed or something- and now looked upon Collier's face. 'Wash your face.' he said. 'Roger.' she replied as if it was some sort of order, but she said it quite sarcastically. As if she wanted to let him know that giving her an order like that was not in his place. She still obeyed though, and wetted her hands after which she rubbed her face with them. The blood came off quick and easy, and she sat down on a chair like Wardaddy after she was cleaned up. Norman was bored. They would have to wait until the eggs were baked, or boiled, or whatever, and there was nothing to do in the meantime. Although, that wasn't completely true. Norman noticed the piano standing on the other side of the table, just waiting to be played, so he stood up and looked through the sheet music laying on top of the instrument. He picked out a random song and started playing, knowing he was being watched by Agnes and partly by Collier, even though the sergeant had started taking off the clothes around his torso, getting ready for a cleanse and a shave. It only took him seconds to attract more people, Emma had heard him from the kitchen and seemed intrigued by his skills, but more by the actual song he was playing. Norman didn't know it, he just followed the sheet, but Emma did and she carefully started singing along. He didn't understand the words she uttered, but it sounded very beautiful. The pitch was high but she perfectly managed to sing it. But then she suddenly stopped. She saw something. The mirror. She could see Collier's back, while he stood in front of the table stirring his shaving cream; it was full of scars. Norman stopped playing and looked, but then noticed that could come over as quite impolite so he slightly turned his face away. Agnes had noticed that the two had been looking at Collier's back, but she wasn't amazed. As if she'd seen it before… 'She's a good clean girl. If you don't take her into that bedroom I will.' Collier said, perhaps to draw the attention to something else. His eyes switched from Norman, to Emma, to Agnes, and directly back to Norman, as if his eyes had accidentally fallen onto Agnes. Emma had understood, and that's not what anybody had expected, but she pulled Norman from his chair and led him into the bedroom. The woman, who'd just brewed some tea, immediately wanted to walk in and give them some, but Collier stopped her. 'Nein. Sie sind jung, und sie leben.' he said, and the woman looked at him for a second after which she gave him his tea. 'Bitte.' and she walked back into the kitchen again. Wardaddy took his time to wash and shave his face, but Agnes, who watched him all along didn't seem to be quite satisfied with that. 'Hair needs maintenance as well.' she muttered. 'Yeah, whatever.' At last, she moved. 'Here, let me.' She took the razor out of his hands and pushed him down onto the chair he'd been sitting on earlier. 'Okay…' she muttered to herself while she clumsily grabbed the shaving cream brush and smeared some on the left side of his head. 'How does this even work?' she muttered even softer, but he still heard. 'You don't know how to do this, do you?' 'Shut up.' she said and she put the blade against his skin and started pulling back. 'It's a pretty tight shave,' he said, and she smiled exultantly. 'For a woman.' he then added to it. Her movement didn't change, but her voice did. 'I have a sharp blade in my hand and I will use it to assassinate you, Wardaddy.' A/N: Hey there! Apologies, it did take me a while to write this chapter, but I just haven't been finding the time for it, oh well, here it is! I hope you liked it, please do leave a review! I read every single one of them and there's nothing I enjoy more (almost ;) )! Thanks![Chapter 9] Agnes closed her eyes by the sound of them entering the staircase and walking the stairs loudly and without care. 'Noooormaaan!' Grady shouted. Norman and Emma were already at the table again, with some tea that Emma had fetched them. She was nice, Norman really liked her and how she smiled and everything about that girl actually. Agnes sat on the other side of the table in front of them, and Collier was at the head of the table while the other guys banged the door and then broke open the look. ' Pinche , Norman.' Gordo cried with a Spanish accent. Bible was the first to enter, but unlike Grady and Gordo he was not drunk, the look on his face was rather tired and fed up with everything. He went to stand behind Agnes, leaning on a small escritoire, while Grady and Gordo stood still in the door opening. 'Norman, time for you to act the man. We fixed you up real good, now look, there's a special gal. She's down there, she's waiting on you. All you gotta do is come on down, she's wide open, just jump on in.' Grady said. 'Yeah, she looks a little bit like a whore, but…' Gordo, who was wearing a top-hat made sure that she was fine by hand gestures. Then there was silence. While Grady started to realize it. 'I think maybe we're too late, Gor. Norman, what did you do?' Grady approached. 'Norman, you sneaky snail, what did you do?' He looked at Emma and back to Norman. 'Wait a second, did you… did you ?' Grady kneeled down between their seats. 'Did you take this pretty young thing for a roll?' 'Yeah, you're real pretty.' Gordo added to it. Emma was terrified to death, of course she was. 'What's with your lip?' Grady asked. 'Why it quiver?' He took her bottom lip between thumb and index finger and shook it. 'Don't worry about me, I'm a friend. He fuck you, you fuck me, that's how it works.' 'You gotta pass the plate man, come on, make a donation to the cause.' Only at this moment Norman dared to say anything to Grady. 'Alright, don't touch her.' 'Don't touch her?' Grady repeated, while he turned his head to Norman. 'Don't ever fucking tell me what to do. You think you get some pussy and now you can fucking act like a man?' 'Anyone touches the girl, they get their teeth kicked in.' Wardaddy stated clear but simply. That surprised Grady. 'That's how it gonna be?' He stood up and kicked Emma's chair in the process. 'Well, alright then,' he said while he went to stand behind Norman and threw his cigarette in Emma's coffee. 'I guess it's Norman Day, huh?' Wardaddy nodded. 'Shit, Top.' 'It's your day, Norman.' Grady took a sip of a bottle of liquor and then put it on the table in front of Norman. 'You should drink that. You a man, right? Drink it.' Hesitantly, Norman took a small sip, and then almost vomited by the taste of it. But as soon as he had the liquid in his mouth, Grady shut it with his hand. 'There it is, drink it, there it is. You like that.' Norman pushed Grady off of him. 'Don't fucking touch me. Oh god. What the fuck is that, gasoline?' 'Taste like gasoline? Hey.' Grady slapped Norman across the face from behind. 'Fucking North Georgia right there, boy.' The woman of the house suddenly came into the room and offered Grady a shot-glass with some sort of liquor in it. 'Fuckup.' Grady now looked at her and took the glass. 'Donkey.' He emptied it over Norman's head, and slammed it back on the table. 'Appreciate it.' he said while Wardaddy offered him his bottle in silence and Grady turned around to see the piano. 'Look at that.' He started slamming the keys, with a horrible sound coming out, and Agnes slowly closed her eyes again, but then opened them. 'Grady, stop it!' she screamed. She didn't just shout or yell, she literally screamed, which actually startled Wardaddy, Gordo and Bible, but it didn't startle Grady. He slowly turned around and then sat down on the keyboard. He looked her in the eyes and she looked back, both glances of death. Then Collier turned to Boyd. 'Go have a seat.' He sat down next to Agnes. Collier had clearly spoken to Boyd only but everybody sat down at this point. Just in time, the woman brought in a frying pan filled with fried eggs. Bible started handing them out, wanting to give one to Gordo, but Wardaddy interfered. 'That's the girl's egg.' They stopped in the middle of the process. 'That's Gordo's egg.' Bible replied. ' That's the girl's egg. ' Don repeated and Gordo threw the egg back into the pan. 'Then where the fuck was my egg?' 'You want to say grace?' Bible asked while everybody's plate was filled except for Gordo's. 'This meal is for you.' 'Roger. Our father, lord in heaven. Thank you for preserving our lives another day on earth so we may execute your will. We love you dear lord, thank you for this wonderful meal and company, amen.' Everybody repeated the last word he said and started eating. Bible directly stuffing the whole egg in his mouth while looking upon Wardaddy's face, as if wanting to make a statement that he was fed up with everything and everyone right now. There was no more place at the table for anyone else, so Collier ordered Emma to sit down at the piano. 'Offer the girl her plate.' Bible passed the plate on to Grady, and Grady passed it on to Emma, not without the necessary sassiness. 'Hang on, there. I'm gonna fix that for you.' he said as soon as Emma had sat down and he stood up and walked over to her. With the necessary disgusted look of Emma, he picked up her egg and licked both sides of it. As soon as he dropped it back on her plate again he raised his hands towards Wardaddy. 'I didn't touch her.' There was a brief moment of silence. 'You never touched me either but was there any need for you to fuck up my egg?' Agnes asked. It was clear to see that she was mad because he had disturbed the peace she cherished, and because he was bothering this innocent girl. 'You want me to fix yours too then?' 'Don't you dare touch my food, I've been waiting on a meal like this for days.' 'Have you now? I thought you didn't eat.' He sat down again. It had shut her up, but made her angrier either way. Both Gordo and Bible gave Grady hesitating glances meaning: 'Maybe you should not have said that.' But Wardaddy went back to what was going on again. He switched his plate with Emma's, and everybody looked at him while he ate the egg that had touched Grady's filthy tongue. Collier non-verbally let the hostess know that he liked the taste of his egg. They ate further in silence until Agnes felt the need to speak. 'Why did you have to say it?' she asked. 'Aggie, it's alright for now.' Bible mumbled softly, trying to preserve the calm mood. 'No it's not, Boyd. Grady, why did you have to say it?' 'Why do you care?' he asked. 'Do you think I want to be remembered of it every fucking day?' 'Well, it's a funny story. You grief in a very funny way, Angel. Norman, did you know there's a lot of funny stories about Agnes?' 'Stop it.' she said, but Grady ignored her. 'There's the one where she didn't eat. And there's the one where she's fucking screaming at me being ungrateful for everything while she's really not in the place to do so.' Grady turned his head from Norman back to Agnes. 'What do you mean?' Agnes asked while she looked at the table, somehow seeming too afraid to look Grady in the eyes. 'Oh, you know what I mean.' 'I saved this girl's dignity, people.' 'Grady.' Agnes looked him in the eyes. 'Don't, please.' Was that watery eyes he saw there? He didn't much care at this moment, he was drunk and she was ungrateful. 'You're here being a bitch to me but without me you be lying somewhere in the mud with a broken cunt and your throat cut open.' She looked down at the table again. 'Yes, Don, I was the one to save the girl that was under your protection from rape.' Grady looked at Wardaddy but Collier couldn't manage to speak. 'I killed the son of a bitch. American trying to hurt one of his own, the bastard. And I tried to comfort her, while all she could bring out was: don't tell Bible. Please, don't tell Boyd.' He impersonated her voice quoting that. Bible, who'd been staring at nothing the entire time Grady had been talking, even though this story was new to him, now looked at Agnes, but Agnes could not bear to look at him. 'Why didn't you tell me?' he asked with caring voice. He wasn't the same heartless bastard Grady was when he was drunk. Agnes didn't reply verbally. All she did was get up, and leave the apartment. A/N: I am super curious to hear what you think of this chapter! Please leave a review! Until next time 3[Chapter 10] 'Great, Grady. Thank you.' Wardaddy spoke moments after Agnes had left the room. 'How is that my fault? It's not my fault she's a whiny fucking woman.' Gordo scoffed, and Bible spoke. 'You ask how that is your fault?' Bible asked. 'What are you? Stupid?' Grady sighed. 'You best go after her then.' It sounded as if he was slightly starting to understand that he should not have said all the things he'd said. 'Me? Why me?' Bible asked calmly. 'Why do you think you?' Grady replied. 'I'd rather not hear you say it.' Boyd replied, and Norman didn't know what exactly he'd meant with that, but he noticed the rest of them did so he decided not to ask and be annoying. 'Don?' Bible looked at him in a hopeful way, but Collier immediately shook his head. 'I'm not the person for it. She's really upset.' It became silent and everybody looked at Bible, after which he sighed, stood up with a loud noise coming from his chair scraping over the ground and then walked down the stairs. As soon as he got outside he noticed how the sun had slightly begun setting. But there was still plenty of orange daylight. Agnes was nowhere to be found until his eyesight covered more distance and he spotted her in an alley just before she walked out of sight. He scampered after her, and found her in the clear alley looking up at one of the buildings. A child's corpse was hanging from the window. 'Aggie?' She didn't look at him, but he knew she'd heard him. 'Someone has to get them down.' Her voice was unstable. 'Someone else will do it.' Boyd said while he kept his distance. Now Agnes looked at him. 'How do you know that?' she asked. 'It's not your job.' Her eyes were teary, like he'd never seen them before, but still they were beautiful as ever. 'Are you angry with me?' she asked, as she had noticed he'd kept his distance. 'I'm only confused. Why did you not tell me?' 'Can't you see?' she asked immediately after he spoke. They looked at each other in silence for a second and Bible already understood without Agnes uttering a word. 'You'll never be weak in my eyes, Agnes. You know that.' When one tear escaped her eye, she couldn't manage to hold back another, and another, and another, until her face was all wet and Boyd walked towards her. He embraced her as she clutched onto him and started crying more loudly, still not loud enough for anyone else but Bible to hear her. He slightly shushed her with his calming voice, not really speaking any words, just calming noises. It was quite helpful. She calmed down before she noticed how Grady had followed Bible. He was leaning against the wall of one of the alley's houses and watched them. He cleared his throat before he spoke. 'I wish to atone.' 'That's some fancy words you've got there,' Agnes spoke while she let go of Boyd and walked towards him. 'I expect you've no reasonable explanation?' Grady shook his head, after which Agnes put her arms around his shoulders and hugged him tight. 'I don't like fighting with anyone but I hate fighting with you.' she spoke with muted voice. Grady looked at Bible while he carefully put his hands around her waist with a look that asked what the fuck he was supposed to do. This was just a friendly hug, which he had multiple times before but now Boyd was standing right in front of them, though he seemed totally okay with it and smiled a little. Grady could almost hear what he was thinking: 'That's why her.' 'I could really use a bath.' Agnes said as she let go of Grady, completely changing the subject. She looked back at Bible for a second and then started walking back towards the apartment. 'I'm gonna be doing some laundry, you want me to wash your clothes you best come quick.' she spoke while she walked. She was gone from the alley within mere seconds. 'I'm sorry.' Grady mumbled towards Boyd. 'It's okay.' Bible spoke fairly. 'Maybe I should've told you.' 'It was either what she wanted or what I wanted and you chose her, simple math, it doesn't matter.' 'I chose her because she was frightened. She was terrified to death. Not of you of course,' 'Oh I was about to think you'd say that.' Bible scoffed and Grady couldn't help but smile. 'Have you seen her cry?' Grady asked. Boyd shook his head as his smile remained on his face. 'Yeah… I have. It's not the greatest experience in my life.' Bible started laughing and Grady followed. 'Why?' Bible asked. 'Because it makes you feel so sorry for her. I've seen other people cry without giving a flying fuck about it. I didn't even know Angel that long by the time it happened but damn…' Grady replied. Bible grinned as he walked towards his friend. 'Let's get back, I bet I'm not the only one who's hungry.' While they found their way back to the apartment, they crossed the town's square. Most of the women were gone already, and greed for pleasure had made place for friendship among the men. They didn't care much about women anymore, just about their comrades. Bible and Grady got stuck up into a conversation with Binkowski and Peterson, talking about nothing basically, but when they hunger called them back to the apartment. Everybody started claiming houses for the night, but then after that coming back outside again because outside it was merrier. A surprise awaited them inside the apartment. A woman. Agnes, who'd taken off her clothes to wash, was wearing one of either Emma's or the other woman's dresses, complete with stockings in a nude-green colour and suspenders that were slightly visible when she walked because her dress was short. It was a black summer dress, with a quite low cut, but just high enough to be sophisticated and delicate. But she wasn't the only surprise, it was the delicious smell of food, and as soon as they smelled it both of them immediately knew that Agnes was cooking, only she could make an entire house smell so good. Both Norman and Collier had given their shirts to Agnes for washing, which made their torsos exposed but nobody minded. The shirts and Agnes' entire attire were hanging from the apartment's small French balcony balustrade. 'You're too late, folks.' Agnes said with a soft grin, looking at the drying laundry. 'What is that delicious smell I'm smelling?' Boyd immediately asked, looking at her as if he could not keep his eyes off her, and as if he just couldn't stop smelling the smell he smelled. ' That , my friend, is British stew, with beef, potatoes, onions and some delicious vegetables, with a side of bred with garlic butter and a salad.' she made fun of the way she said it, as if she were a waitress in a fancy restaurant, presenting something not so great as something amazing. She didn't think much of her own cooking, but Bible, as well as Grady, as well as Gordo and as well as Don knew it was amazing. 'My friend?' Bible asked while he approached to her. 'Is that what you call me now, have I been degraded to a friend?' The mood was so merry that she spontaneously hugged him. 'Will my friend help me prepare the table?' she asked and Bible smiled as he nodded. While Wardaddy smoked a cigarette and read a newspaper, Grady and Gordo chatted, Emma and Norman tried to talk but were slightly bothered by the language barrier, and Bible and the other woman prepared the table, the eight of them heard loud footsteps on the stairs. Not just from one person, but from a group of men. 'Wow, seems like you found an undeserted house.' Binkowski and his platoon entered the apartment. 'What is that lovely smell, is that food for us?' Binkowski asked. Wardaddy grinned as he killed his cigarette in an ashtray. 'Agnes, have you got enough stew for five more men?' he called as she was in the kitchen. 'Yes I damn well do.' she entered the living room and Binkowski and his men were astonished by her looks. 'My lady.' Binkowski said with big eyes. 'Binkowski, sir. Good to see you. So… you want to eat from my table? It's gonna cost you.' she said. 'Alright, which one do you want, the booze I have in my left hand,' He held up the full bottle of Jack Daniels he had in his hand. 'Or the party I have in my pants?' 'I would sit down before sir Swan knocks you the fuck out, I'll take the booze.' They both smirked and Agnes returned to the kitchen while the apartment's owner slowly and reluctantly started to realise she'd need five more plates on the table. A/N: Back again! I hope you liked this chapter, you can decide for yourself to which question Bible's answer was 'That's why her' ;) Please leave a review, and until next time![Chapter 11] 'Your turn.' Binkowski turned to Agnes and she tipped her finger against the cigarette in her hand and then put it to her mouth again. 'Okay,' she said while she blew out some smoke. 'Secret or promise?' They had turned the well-known game 'truth or dare' into 'secret or promise'. You would either have to reveal one of your secrets to the entire group playing, or reveal a promise you made to someone, or make a promise to one of the players. They used to play the original truth or dare, but then they'd found out they're more interested in people's own secrets than in the answers to simple, closed questions, and that the dares were just starting to get too intense. Binkowski's crew had gone to their own claimed house, but Binkowski himself stayed because the Fury-crew containing Wardaddy was way more fun. They all sat around the table, Emma and the other woman as well even though they did not understand what everyone said. They did understand what was going on though. 'Secret.' Agnes told Binkowski. He could now either say 'past' , ' thoughts' , 'regrets' or 'home' , she would have to tell the group a secret about one of these subjects. Binkowski chose past. 'Alright, let me think…' She blew the smoke from her cigarette up in the air. Then she thought of something she could say. 'Okay, um… I know you all think I came from a wealthy family, which by the way I did not tell you, you all just suspected it but it's not true. I'm from London's center, and I didn't come from a good home. And… here's the secret,' She lifted up part of her hair close to her neck and revealed a scar. 'You've all seen this, it's not because I fell when I was playing on the streets as a child. It's cause…' She sighed heavily so her emotions wouldn't overpower her. 'My father was abusive.' She smiled a little. 'My brother took most of the strikes for me, but yeah… he's gone now, I mean not dead but he left my mom so…' She snorted, not because she was crying but because of the sudden silence. 'Well, he's a bastard.' Binkowski replied to her story. 'Agreed, what do we say to that?' Gordo asked. 'Nobody hurts our Angel.' Wardaddy said. It seemed as if everyone repeated that inside their heads. 'Okay, Norman, your turn.' He had not had a turn ever since they started playing, and he actually didn't mind. 'Secret or promise?' He swallowed. 'Secret?' Agnes thought about what to say. 'Hmmm… regrets.' He immediately knew something he could say, but he wasn't going to say it. Not in front of these people. He would say that he regretted signing up for the army, because he did not want to die. 'I regret not properly saying goodbye to my dad before I left home. He's turned very ill these last two months and he might not make it.' It was silent for a moment, and nobody knew what to say. 'That sucks.' Agnes then said and she put the last bit of her cigarette to her mouth. 'Well, I guess your situation is worse.' Norman mumbled. 'No it's not.' Agnes said indignantly. 'My dad's gone and I don't even want to see him.' she scoffed. 'I hope your old man makes it.' she finished. It remained silent for a few seconds. 'Norman, you're supposed to ask someone for a secret or promise.' He suddenly realised how stupid his silence may have seemed. 'Oh, yeah, okay… Um… Agnes?' Agnes sighed with a soft smile, as if saying 'why would you choose me; I just answered a question' . 'Secret or promise?' she replied. 'Promise?' 'Okay… let's see.' She thought deeply again. 'I promise myself to return to London after the war and to open a pastry shop because that has always been my dream as a child. And I will invite you all to come taste pastries. Don.' She immediately chose the new victim after she'd stated a promise to herself. 'Secret or promise?' he asked. 'Promise.' 'I promise to keep this girl right here alive so she can open that damn pastry shop so I can taste those pastries.' Everybody chuckled and there was some slight movement. 'I'm tired.' Bible suddenly said. 'We should all catch our sleep, Binkowski, you staying here for the night or with your boys?' Wardaddy asked. 'Nah, we got us a bigger house, I won't be cramped up with you any longer.' 'It is small in here.' Grady admitted. 'One less could help you… Angel you wanna come?' Binkowski asked and Agnes laughed. 'One night with you guys was enough, you are batshit crazy. I'm just gonna stay with…' she sighed and then put up a voice. 'My main guys.' 'Suit yourself.' Binkowski smirked and left the apartment after he'd wished everybody a good night's rest. 'Okay, the double bed should be good for three people… and there's a couch right there…' Agnes looked around. 'That's still four more people.' Gordo said. 'Okay, maybe four on the double… three left. Don, have you got any more creative solutions?' 'Pile of blankets on floor or table?' He asked Emma if they had any more blankets and pillows in German, after which Emma disappeared into another room and came back with loads of them. 'I'm still taking up a place on that bed, I like to take care of my back.' Wardaddy said. 'Claimed.' 'Claimed.' 'Claimed.' Agnes, Bible, and then Grady. 'Couch.' Gordo stated. They were literally taking up every good sleeping place before the two women that actually lived here could say anything, but the crew knew they needed their night's rest better than the women did. 'You guys just get ready, I want to write a letter.' Agnes said and the rest of them didn't have a problem with that. Bible, Collier and Grady disappeared into the bedroom, Gordo found his way into the corridor where the couch was placed, and Norman started to create himself a 'kind of' bed with blankets and pillows. It would suffice. Agnes sat down at the escritoire, not even bothering to ask one of the ladies whether she could use their sheets of paper. It wasn't a big deal though. 'Who's that letter for?' Norman asked. 'My brother.' Agnes replied while she dipped a pencil into some ink. But… wasn't her brother dead? He wanted to ask, but would first have to find a subtle way to do so. 'Is he in the army?' Agnes shook her head. 'No, he's at home. He was rejected because his eyesight wasn't good enough. Complete bollox of course, but well. At least I won't be losing both of my brothers.' So she had two brothers… 'It's a shame though,' Even though Agnes was facing Norman with her back, he could hear from her voice that she was smiling. 'He's quite patriotic, and I think he would to great at war. He's big, strong and smart.' Her British accent was more noticeable once she started talking about her brother. 'Ever seen one of those guys on the street with those big jaws and shoulders that you'd rather not get in trouble with?' 'Yeah.' Norman answered. 'My brother is that guy.' She wrote for about five minutes, and then she made clear that she was done by putting the letter in an envelope and writing a post-address on it, then getting up from the chair she'd been sitting on. 'Good night, Norman.' she said. 'Gute nacht.' She gave Emma and the other woman a nod and then went into the bedroom she, Bible, Collier and Grady had claimed. Norman could softly hear the people inside talking. 'Do you just have to do that?' he heard Collier asking. 'It's too hot and tight. And stop trying to act like you don't like what you see.' Agnes replied. 'Shut up and get on your back already.' Norman heard Agnes, Grady, Bible and Collier laughing. He heard a muffled sound of someone jumping on a bed, and then it was silent, until there was a quiet 'good night' from Agnes. A/N: Hey, hey, hey! I hope you liked the chapter, and as always please leave a review! And in case I won't be uploading in a few days: happy easter![Chapter 12] It was almost ten o' clock, but still no sign of life was coming from the bedroom. Would Norman dare to take a look inside? He had noticed how outside people had already begun packing their stuff, indicating that the platoon was to move out soon. Norman didn't expect to find anything weird if he'd open the bedroom, he just didn't really think they would like it if he just came in like that. Emma and the other woman, who had now properly introduced herself as Irma, were already up and about. Norman just sat at the table. He sat there until Gordo walked in with a sleepy, but rested head. 'Where are the rest of them?' he asked when he saw only Norman. 'Still asleep.' he replied. 'Why didn't you wake them up then? It's late.' Norman shrugged with a face that said he didn't know if they would accept it and Gordo chuckled. Then he slammed the doors to the bedroom open. There wasn't a lot of movement, but Norman was curious what Gordo had found there, so he stood up and walked in. Grady was at the right side of the bed, facing away from the other three and slightly curled up while he was trying to block out the light that was coming from the window, and the sound that had come from the door. On the complete left side was Bible, just peacefully sleeping on his back. On his chest laid Agnes' head. She was curled up against him, so her head was on his chest and her left leg –still wearing those stockings- was bent over his waist and legs. Collier wasn't curled up, but was lying straight on his side, facing Agnes with his hand resting on her waist and his head resting in the curl of her neck. 'You have three seconds to get the fuck out.' they suddenly heard Wardaddy mutter. 'It's time to get up, Top. Ten o'clock.' Gordo said and he sat down into a chair in the corner of the room, Norman just stood at the doorstep. Nobody else moved, at least not voluntarily. Wardaddy suddenly had his arms around Agnes' waist and he slightly lifted her up, rolling her over himself, onto Grady, making Agnes moan in the process. Then he let go and enjoyed the empty space he had created. Agnes was the first to get up, and rolled over Grady onto the ground. 'Breakfast?' she asked while she gave Norman a sleepy look. Norman nodded. 'Irma and Emma are preparing something.' 'Who's Irma?' she asked while stretching her back. 'Not Emma.' Moaning started to come from Bible's mouth. It wasn't quite clear what he was mumbling, but considering his surroundings it couldn't be anything else than 'Aggie'. 'Aggie… mmhhmmm… Agnes.' He was still half asleep, but he seemed to be aware of the fact that she was gone from his side and that was why he was angrily calling her name. 'What do you want Bible-boy?' Bible frowned with his eyes closed. 'I'm cold. Come back.' 'Hey, I didn't roll over the other two bastards voluntarily.' It was silent for a tiny moment while Bible sighed heavily. 'Then who made you?' He actually sounded legitimately pissed off, and Agnes clearly thought it was funny. 'I did. She took up too much space.' Collier said while he slightly got up. 'What time is it?' 'I already told you, Top. Ten o'clock. Time to get up, time for breakfast. Happy hour's in six.' Gordo jokingly added that last bit, because Wardaddy looked properly fucked up by the booze from last night. 'I don't need to watch happy hour, it's war I drink whenever I want.' 'Until you drop down.' Agnes muttered as she got up from the ground. 'What did you say?' Collier asked while he watched her walk out of the bedroom. He got up from the bed and ran straight after her. 'What did you say, miss?!' he repeated as he lifted her up by crossing his arms over her stomach and raising her from the ground. She screamed but immediately laughed, trying to get away but she couldn't as he was much stronger than her and her feet couldn't reach the ground. 'Let go of me you filthy bastard!' She talked extremely British on purpose. 'Only if you'll make us breakfast.' he said with his head next to hers from behind. 'I'm not even dressed, let the women do it.' 'So what are you then? Come on, we're gonna have a rough day at least let us have a decent breakfast.' 'Fine.' she said while she struggled out of his arms. After she'd said that, she suddenly heard a 'woohoo' from Bible, who'd also gotten up and was delighted by hearing the news that he would get to eat breakfast by Agnes. Agnes giggled as she made her way into the kitchen. 'Geez these German rich citizens have it a lot easier than the others, don't they?' Agnes said while she took a look at the cupboards. 'The rations are so unfairly devised.' She got out a few eggs, a loaf of bread, canned beans, bacon and noticed dried German sausages hanging in the back which she took as well. That would about do it. She scrambled the eggs, toasted the bread, cooked the beans, crisped the bacon and used oils and herbs to lush up the meat. 'British-fucking-breakfast, that's the only thing I love about your country.' Grady said while everybody sat down at the table and Agnes served the filled plates. 'Excuse me, sir. What about me?' 'Oh, right. The only beautiful girl from England.' Agnes chuckled. 'Stop it, that's not true.' 'Well, at least you're one of them.' Bible pleaded while he sat down as well. 'Don't forget to say grace.' Agnes replied, as she was the last to sit down. 'Dear Lord, thank you for putting Agner Towler on this earth to make us delicious breakfast in this time of war, so we may fill our bellies for another day and make it through there. We love you, dear Lord, just as we love our Angel, amen.' It remained silent just as people were starting to eat. They were trying not to laugh at Bible's grace, even though they knew it was meant to be humorous, but when Grady muttered 'preach it', everybody cracked up. They ate their breakfast quick and merrily, after which it was really time to pack up. A Baker Company soldier came upstairs before long, stating that Captain Waggoner wanted to speak to Sergeant Collier. Collier told his crew to pack up the Fury while he was gone, and so they did. Norman said his goodbyes to Emma, which he couldn't take too much time for because Grady put the pressure of time on it. Agnes changed into her uniform magnificently quickly again, and packed up her stuff to take it outside. The crew started tying their luggage to the tank, and Gordo, Grady and Norman continued by filling the tank with more gas, while Agnes and Bible installed themselves inside. Everybody was just doing their thing when they heard the planes coming. Not just ordinary planes, bombing planes, flying ridiculously low; making ready to bomb the place. Chaos was created, and everybody started running to find cover. 'Grady! Jump! Jump!' Bible shouted at Grady to jump off and underneath the tank, while closing the main hatch. He and Agnes held hands while the bombs fell on the little town. One fell really close by and had caused the total explosion of a building. The planes were gone before too long. That was when everybody got out of their shelters again. Wardaddy was the first person Agnes saw when she got outside the tank. 'You okay?!' he called, as there was still quite some distance between the two of them. Agnes nodded. 'We're all fine.' she said, as she saw Gordo, Grady and Norman come out from underneath the tank. 'Get an aid-station ready!' Agnes shouted to everybody as she already noticed the first wounded soldiers lying on the ground. 'Medic! We need a medic over here!' One soldier, who was kneeled down next to his wounded friend called out, and Agnes ran over to them and kneeled down beside them. 'Are you a medic? Where's your armband?' the soldier asked. 'Shut it.' she snapped back after which she immediately started studying the wounded man. His right lower-leg was completely blown off. 'I'm a nurse. Take off your coat.' she ordered to the other soldier. 'What?' 'Take off your coat and give it to me!' He finally did as he was told, after which Agnes put her teeth into the sleeve of the coat and ripped off a piece that she put around what was left of the soldier's leg. 'Push right here for me. Tight.' She other soldier did as he was told and Agnes started tying the piece of fabric tightly, while the wounded man screamed in pain. 'Now you wait for the fucking medic.' She slowly got up again and noticed how Norman had found out which house had been bombed; the house that the entire crew had spent the night in. 'Emma!' he shouted loudly. 'Norman!' Grady had directly gone after him. Norman climbed the rubble. Emma's corpse was perfectly exposed through the bricks for everybody to see. 'Emma!' 'Get back!' Grady pulled him back and Norman rolled further over the ground. 'What is wrong with you?!' Norman screamed while he tried to fight his comrade but he couldn't win. Nobody would win from Grady. Grady soon had his arm around Norman's head, keeping him from moving while Norman cried and hit him. 'You feel that?! It's called war!' Grady shouted and Norman screamed. 'It's called fucking war!' 'Fury, we gotta go!' Wardaddy called for his crew from the tank. Grady finally let go of Norman, but gave him a kick back into the right direction. 'Who the hell do you think you are?!' Norman could only weep. He didn't want to be in this fucking war. He could not fucking do it anymore. Agnes was just walking back to the tank when she noticed Norman meeting her direction. Norman only expected her to be just like Grady. 'She never cried' 'Agnes is super tough' 'She wouldn't cry over some random person she just met'. Instead she called for him. 'Norman.' He stopped walking and looked at her. There was only grief on her face while she spread her arms just this little for him to fall into them and cry.[Chapter 13] ' Like the city that nurtured my greed and my pride, I stretched my arms into the sky. I cried, Babel, Babel, look at me now, for the walls in my town they come crumbling down.' Agnes, Binkowski, and a few soldiers that Norman didn't know the names of had found their guitars. Though, Agnes wasn't playing a regular guitar, it gave a funny sound. Now it was her turn to sing. ' You asked where will we stand in the winds that will howl, as all we see will slip into the clouds. So come down from your mountain and stand where we've been, you know our breath is weak and our body thin.' Her voice was so loud, because of the intenseness of the guitars and the song in general, but so clear and high-pitched it was goddamn beautiful. Norman wondered if they were the ones that made the song, as it made him think of a war. Where soldiers were put to the task to kill each other for the victory of the leaders who sacrifice absolutely nothing to fight their own war. A war that killed innocents. Innocents like Emma. Even though a few days had passed, Norman was still not over her death, but nobody seemed to care about that anymore. The music had eased down. The whole convoy had been driving for a few hours now, and decided to have a little break. Waggoner had given the four tanks the assignment to keep a crossroad a Kraut legion was heading for. A very important crossroad, to be exact. Wardaddy was sitting next to Old Phyllis with the other sergeants, Agnes was sitting in a circle with some other musicians next to Murder Inc., and Norman, Bible, Gordy and Grady were sitting next to the Fury, just resting, drinking some coffee and chatting a bit. Then Agnes joined in, still holding that unusual guitar. She was smiling, she seemed eased, and that made Norman dare to talk to her. 'What kind of guitar is that, Agnes?' he asked. She looked up to him, then looked at the guitar, then looked at him again. 'It's a banjo.' She sat down and made a typical tune with it that Norman recognized, and then giggled to herself. Almost immediately after that, Wardaddy came to sit next to her. 'What was the name of the song you guys were singing?' Norman asked. 'Babel.' 'By?' 'Me, for the lyrics. But the actual music was made by me and Binkowski and some others.' She didn't seem to find that a big deal, but Norman was impressed by her skills of making a song. 'You wrote it?' 'I wrote several. The Stupid and the Proud, The Cave, Broken Crown, Hopeless Wanderer, Little Lion Man and Babel. They're all on a basis of guitar, because that's the only portable instrument I play. But I've got this massive song in my head that would require and entire big band to play it. I've already written out the lyrics though.' She never talked this much to Norman without Norman asking several questions; this seemed to be a subject she could discuss for hours. She loved music, which was clear to everybody. 'Could you sing it to me?' That was a tiny step too far. 'Maybe later, Norman.' she replied in a correcting manner. Wardaddy threw the cigarette he had been smoking on the ground and sighed. 'All right. Let's go.' He got up and walked towards the Fury, while he shouted for everyone to move out. Everybody got back into their place again, and Agnes shared the main hatch with Collier once again. The two of them could hear Peterson and Binkowski chatting over the intercom, but they didn't mind. They weren't talking about important stuff. All was good and calm, until the tanks heard a sudden blast, and Peterson, who'd just been in the middle of a sentence, was suddenly out. His entire tank had exploded along with the crew members inside. 'Holy shit!' Agnes immediately shouted as she looked back to see what had happened. Wardaddy immediately reached for the intercom. 'All tanks! Reverse! Hard left! Back up!' All the tanks made a sudden shift to the left, and then went backwards into a muddy field. 'Binkowski, are you hit?' Agnes asked, taking over Wardaddy's intercom. Peterson had been driving really close to Binkowski's tail. 'I'm okay. They seem to have hit their target well.' 'Fuck.' Collier took the intercom from her again. 'Does anybody have any vision? That was an 88 it's a goddamn tank. Angel?!' 'Nothing! Put some more smoke in his face!' 'Bible, follow that girl's orders.' 'On the way!' A blast of smoke met the engine that had hit Peterson, while the sergeants and Agnes kept trying to focus their eyes enough to see what exactly had hit him. 'More smoke?' They heard Bible shouting from below after a while. 'No! I've almost got full vision!' Agnes replied. It took Wardaddy about ten full seconds of continuously switching between looking ahead, and at Agnes' face, until he noticed a change of her emotions. She turned from focused and frustrated, to shocked and stressed. 'What do your eyes see?' 'It's a tiger…' Collier tried to spot it too, and as it approached he succeeded. 'Fuck.' He grabbed the intercom. 'All tanks, it's a goddamn tiger.' They could now all see it 'hiding' in the hedgerow, and some could even hear its roaring engine. 'We gotta get to that crossroad, we gotta get past him.' Binkowski said calmly but stressed at the same time. 'Come on, Don let's get the fuck out of here!' Davis shouted. 'Unless he drowns himself in a shit-filled ditch he's our problem. Hit that son of a bitch!' ' Fire when ready!' All three tanks started firing more smoke, until Davis shouted for everybody to stop. Cease fire and cease going backwards. But as the Tiger approached there was no time to hesitate. 'All right, all tanks move forward.' Wardaddy spoke. 'Let's go right at 'em, let's go right at 'em.' Davis implied. All tanks went forward at full speed. Then the Tiger fired a sudden round, and just as Wardaddy was trying to find his helmet, keeping his head outside to keep aware of what was going on, a shell exploded right next to the Fury. The impact was massive, and threw both Agnes and Wardaddy to the left, smashing them against the opened hatch. At least, Collier was smashed against the hatch, and Agnes against him. 'Holy shit.' Agnes said while she held her hand against her forehead. Her head had only had to endure the impact of the shell's blast, but Wardaddy's head had had to endure the impact from both the shell and the hatch against his skull. And he was out. 'Don?!' Agnes shouted as he wouldn't open his eyes and started sliding down. 'Fuck!' She grabbed the intercom. 'All tanks, slow down! Man down!' She followed his limp body down into the tank, where she felt his pulse. 'Oh, god. He's still alive.' 'What's going on?' Bible asked, looking back at the two of them. 'Don passed out. He'll be fine.' She got back up and outside the hatch, and grabbed the intercom. 'All tanks, this is Angel. Collier is out but he'll be okay. What should I do?' 'Just take over command, darling. You're a smart girl, you know how this works.' Binkowski's voice was calm and soothing. 'Fuck. Um… okay.' She got herself into a better position and then looked at the Tiger again. It was nearing. 'All tanks forward! Let's fuck them up, each one take a side. Gordo left flank! Let's bum-rush this cocksucker. Binkowski you take that right flank! Davis, left with me, stay abreast.' 'Clear!' Grady shouted. 'Hit 'em!' Agnes commanded. 'On the way!' They missed the target, and the shell ricocheted. ' Commence!' 'Alright, pump him! Pump him!' All tanks started firing shells. 'What do you want, Angel?!' Grady shouted from below, but she didn't know what to do. But it seemed like the sergeants didn't either. There was only one option. 'Again!' she shouted. 'Fuck, Grady. Put it in, now.' Bible said stressed. 'Clear!' 'On the way!' They hit their target. But the tiger's armour was so strong that it barely left any damage. 'Hit 'em!' 'Clear!' 'On the way!' The shell landed just next to the Tiger. There was a moment of cease-fire as everybody seemed to be reloading, the Tiger included. 'It's a fucking beast.' Gordo said. 'Gordo! Flank left! Left!' 'Davis, cross him. Flank right, flank right.' ' Copy. Right stick! Traverse left.' 'Davis. He's lining up.' ' Fire!' Davis hit the Tiger but did not manage to bring any damage to it. 'Binkowski! Bible! Fuck! Shoot the son of a bitch, he's lining up on Roy!' They both traversed but it took too long. 'God damn it! I said fire!' The Tiger needed only one shell to take Davis out. His entire tank was first lit and then exploded. 'God damn it.' Agnes took a moment to progress what had just happened. 'Angel?' It had been about half a minute since Binkowski had said anything, and she'd honestly almost forgotten about him as she and Davis had been so busy to trap the Tiger between them. His voice woke her up again. 'Roy's gone. It's you and me Binkowski. It's up to us now.' The Tiger suddenly came to a halt. 'Gordo! Get around him! Put us on his backside! If we get behind him we can kill him! Go! Go!' The Tiger was about to aim for Binkowski, but then noticed how Fury was about to stab him in the back, so they changed targets. The Tiger was switched to reverse and drove backwards, as Norman started shooting bullets, just to keep them distracted. Bullets were given back in return, and Agnes lowered her position a little. Glaring over the edges of the hatch. 'God damn it!' The Tiger went forward now, and fired a shell at the Fury. It only made superficial damage. 'God damn it! Fuck!' 'What was that?' Norman shouted. 'We got hit!' Gordo stated. 'Boyd are you alright?!' Grady shouted. 'We lost power traverse! Switching to manual!' Bible said. Agnes popped her head inside for a tiny second. 'Everybody okay?' She didn't get a reply but she could see that everybody was alive and well –except for Wardaddy of course but he was in a stable position-, so she looked back up again. 'Bible, hit him!' 'On the way!' The Tiger was traversing towards them. 'He's coming around, he's coming around!' Agnes shouted. 'Binkowski, little help would do!' ' We got technical difficulties! Oil is fucking leaking out, traversing is stuck!' 'Fuck!' Agnes hissed. 'Gordo, you gotta outrun that gun!' 'Yeah, I got it! I got it!' he shouted back. Fury got hit again, but this time it brought no damage at all. 'Gordo! Put it in third! Right stick! Bible, you put it up his ass. Where the armour is thin.' 'I know where to fucking hit him!' Bible shouted back at her. 'Boyd you're clear!' 'On the way!' The shell went right past the Tiger and landed somewhere a few hundred yards away. 'God damn it! I said the ass!' 'We're moving too fast! It's not that fucking easy!' It sounded like a fight between them but Agnes actually listened to him. 'Gordo when I say back up, you back up. Left stick.' 'All right! I got it!' 'Bible, stand by. I'll call the shot.' 'Roger! Roger!' She waited another two seconds. 'Gordo! Now! Reverse! Reverse! Left stick!' They went backwards. 'Bible. Steady. Steady.' 'Come on, Bible! Fucking shoot him!' Gordo shouted, but Bible waited patiently for Angel's command. 'Steady!' A second passed. 'Now! Bible! Now!' 'On the way!' They hit it straight in the bull's eye, but it wasn't enough. 'Fuck! Grady, one more! Grady!' 'Clear!' 'Again!' Agnes shouted. 'On the way!' Bible hit the Tiger again in the exact same spot, and this time it was enough. The Tiger's engine failed and it was lit on fire. 'Target destroyed.' Bible muttered. 'Gordo, halt.' Agnes commanded. Two krauts were already outside their vehicle and wanted to run away, but Norman got them. 'Fucking Nazi's! Fuck you!' Then a German sergeant came out and started shooting at Agnes with his hand gun, but Agnes was soon enough to duck down and get out her own gun. She needed only two bullets to hit him. Enemy destroyed. The crew finally had a moment to breathe again. Agnes sighed heavily as she looked back at the destroyed Sherman that once belonged to Sergeant Davis. 'Bible, will you check on Don?' she then said, so calm and softly, so different than seconds before. She needed more fresh air. Her arms and legs helped her climb out of the tank, and she got to the muddy ground. It was muddy, but not sloppy. Agnes breathing in heavily through her nose, and then out through her mouth again, after which she looked at Binkowski's tank. Binkowski had come out too, and was walking towards her. He arrived within about ten seconds. 'Holy fuck, girl.' he said quietly and Agnes sighed again, releasing her stress. 'I thought they were going to kill them. It was nothing more than quick thinking.' 'From a woman.' Agnes managed to grin. 'That shouldn't make a bloody difference.' There was a quick moment of silence. 'What's wrong with your tank?' she asked as she looked up to him, squinting her eyes against the hard, grey light that was coming through the clouds. He was about four inches taller than her. 'When Peterson got hit, some debris hit the back of Lucy Sue, so now oil is leaking out.' he replied. 'Can you continue on with it?' she asked, but Binkowski shook his head. 'It's going to take my repairer at least a day to fix this.' He started getting out a cigarette, offering one to Agnes but she refused. He lit one for himself. 'We gotta reach that crossroad.' Agnes said, looking ahead, her eyes meeting the destroyed Old Phyllis. 'You should go on without us, then we'll meet you there later.' Agnes sighed as she bit her nails. 'I don't know.' Binkowski observed her puzzling for a few seconds. 'Hey.' By saying that he forced her to look at his face. 'Don will approve of your decision.' 'I'm just not made for this type of thing. Leading. It fucked up the people that followed me once before and I don't want that to happen to them. I fucking love these guys.' 'Then let me put it this way. I am a sergeant, you are a private, and I order you to proceed to the cross road without me.' That made Agnes smile. 'Okay.' Binkowski gave her a last pat on the back and then she got back inside the Fury again. 'Hopefully Don will wake back up soon. Binkowski's got difficulties. We're going to that crossroad. We're on our own.'[Chapter 14] Don moaned and rubbed his head. 'Good morning, honey. Rise and shine.' The feminine voice was slightly echoing, and was somehow a little muffled. He couldn't distinguish whose voice it was. Not yet. That would come later. How did he get here? The hard ground on which he was lying was slightly shaking. He stated that he was inside a vehicle. 'Don?' He heard the voice again. 'Top, are you awake?' A masculine voice. Top… He knew where he was, and who'd been talking to him. Agnes and Gordo. 'God damn it.' Collier got himself up, causing a slight headache, but it wasn't bad enough to interrupt his movement. He sighed and moaned while he rubbed his head to get a clearer mind and vision. 'There you go.' Agnes' face was close in front of his own and he squinted his eyes a bit. 'Any headache?' she asked. Don shook his head. 'Nah.' 'Do you feel like you're going to be sick?' she then asked. 'No. God damn it, woman. I know the symptoms of a concussion, I don't have them.' He got himself up, as he felt the need for fresh air. 'No need to be rude, Wardaddy.' she replied, but she didn't sound offended either way. Collier opened the hatch, and popped outside. He inhaled the fresh air, and then Agnes suddenly popped up before him, her body almost pressed against his due to the narrowness of the hole. 'Where are we?' he asked, looking around at the fields that they were moving through. Agnes sighed. 'Well, I don't know the exact location, but we're headed for the crossroad.' she replied. 'Where are the others?' 'Binkowski was left behind. He's well and alive but Lucy Sue is leaking oil.' She fell silent and looked at her feet. 'Roy?' Her eyes met his, and she shook her head. 'What happened to the Tiger?' Agnes shrugged and scratched her head. 'Lucy Sue failed Binkowski too soon, so we had to take him out on our own. Binkowski told me to take command so I did.' Wardaddy sighed as he looked at the girl in an inspecting manner. 'Did you take out a Tiger?' Agnes nodded. 'Then I'm very fucking proud of you.' He embraced her as he managed to put a smile on her face. She pressed the side of her head against his chest. 'What were you? In the British army, I mean.' he asked after a few dozen seconds of silence, still holding her tight, resting his chin on top of her head. 'Corporal Towler. I had five people under my command, I led a machine-gun squad as leading sniper.' It was quiet for a few seconds. 'You never told me how they died.' Don then stated. Agnes buried her face in his chest. 'I don't want to talk about it.' They remained standing silent for about ten seconds. 'Agnes?' 'Yeah?' 'Did you call me honey just a minute ago?' he asked and Agnes laughed and freed her face again. 'Gordo told me to do it to see if you would speak anyone's name.' Collier smiled. 'That's stupid.' 'Hey, you won't tell us anything about your past and home, how are we supposed to know you if we don't even know your wife's name? Do you even have a wife at all?' Collier sighed and then pressed Agnes' head against his chest again. 'I did.' He sighed but it didn't sound like a sad sigh, more like a satisfied sigh. 'Yes I did, sweet girl.' Agnes thought about that for a second. 'Did she die?' she asked, truly intrigued. Wardaddy sighed again. 'She left me. Not for another man, at least, not that I know of. She just disappeared. She left me a note saying nothing more than: Dear Don, I've gone but worry not, you won't be bothered by me anymore. I love you, Lucy.' Agnes turned her head upwards to look at him. 'That seems cruel.' 'It wasn't meant cruel. Lucy wasn't a cruel person. She was lovely, actually. But something had always been off about her. I just didn't really care about that.' 'You speak of her in past tense, do you presume she's dead?' Agnes suggested. 'I don't know. But I know I'll never see her again. So I might just pretend she's dead.' Agnes leaned her head against his chest again. 'Lucy is a pretty name.' she muttered. 'Do you know that when I was younger, about eleven or so, I always wished my name was Lucy?' Wardaddy scoffed. 'Why? I like Agnes better. My mind somehow links the name to strength.' 'And do you know any other girls named Agnes?' 'No.' 'Well now you know where it comes from.' He pinched her side so she would crawl out of his grasp. 'Don't get your head in the clouds, now.' 'Oh please. You know what happened in Normandy, and I know you've not forgotten.' They both grinned. 'I meant physical strength.' Collier joked. 'Yeah. How about you go fuck yourself, Wardaddy.' ' Radio check. Love 1-6. Are you receiving?' Collier immediately grabbed the radio. 'This is Love 1-6, receiving. What is your message?' he replied. ' We need immediate backup. Baker Company is trying to take a town, but the Krauts using anti-tank against foot soldiers. We got no tanks.' 'Which town?' Collier asked. 'Ersdorf. Do you know where that is? ' 'I do, but I got to hold a very important crossroad. Who's giving you orders?' ' Captain Waggoner. He told me to tell you this is first priority. The crossroad can wait, we gotta take this town.' 'What about the Krauts heading for the crossroads then?' 'They're delayed by the Canadians. Will give you at least a day time.' 'Alright. We're headed your way.' 'Ersdorf, North gate, we'll meet you there.' After Collier had checked the maps, it only took them about fifteen minutes to drive there, as they weren't obliged to follow the roads. They driving a tank, after all. They arrived at the scene in about ten minutes, already hearing gun-fire from far away. Wardaddy grabbed the radio again. 'Baker Company, are you receiving?' Within about ten seconds he got a reply. 'Yes.' 'Can you give me any information about the enemy hide-outs? Maybe we can take them out from farther away, I don't wanna bring my crew in danger unnecessarily.' ' They should be visible from outside the city-walls, but you can't get close enough to actually hit them, those walls are very high.' Collier grinned. 'Well, that's why we got a sniper.' ' What?' 'Where are they located?' ' Somewhere between the south tower and the east tower.' 'Alright. Got it. I'll see what we can do.' He put the radio down again. 'Okay, Gordo, drive about half a mile more to the east. Agnes, you keep your eyes open and tell me when to stop.' 'Roger.' Agnes scoured the city-walls, and when they finally came to the other side of them, she could see a small anti-tank canon on top of the wall. 'What do you want?' Collier asked her. 'A few dozen metres further, then halt.' Gordo had already heard her, and followed her orders. They stopped in an open field, and Agnes popped inside for a second to get her rifle. She installed herself on top of the Fury, sitting on her knees on the side, the rifle installed on the rotating part –that wasn't rotating-. She searched for the cannon again, and then –through her scope- tried to identify the Krauts operating it. Collier got his binoculars out, following her glance, and that way he was able to identify the people too. 'Hmm. They're moving.' he said, in a frustrated way. He saw Agnes grin, without her moving an inch away from her scope. 'Movements are predictable, Top.' She waited for another ten seconds before firing a bullet, but she had hit her first target in the head. 'That is damn impressive, girl.' Collier complimented. 'I have to say, I agree.' she replied, giving notice that this had been one of her best shots in a long time. She took the second one in the back, and that was all there was. Collier grabbed the radio. 'We took out the anti-tank.' he stated. 'Brilliant. We'll meet you at the north gate.' 'You got it.' It took them two minutes to get to the north gate, where they found out that inside the city, Baker Company was still competing with the presence of some more Krauts, hiding in buildings. But they were just regular-weaponed soldiers, so they were taken out within minutes, being finished by shell of the Fury. Then suddenly there was ease. A/N: Hey there! The next chapter, there you go. I must say I'm not completely satisfied with the chapter, because I'm really not sure about what originally went on in Wardaddy's past, so I just tried to figure out a way myself. I hope you liked it, though! Please leave a review, I love reading every single one of them. The next chapter will be up soon, only gotta do some re-writing here and there, but it's almost ready for upload. Until then, Shaeme.[Chapter 15] Collier opened the hatch of the tank, and got himself to the ground, immediately being followed by Agnes, and later by the rest of his crew. 'We should get ourselves a little break and then we'll get to that crossroad.' He looked over to Agnes, who'd found eye contact with Binkowski. She walked towards him. 'Binkowski, how did you get here?' she asked. 'We fixed the driving problem prematurely, but it was only a temporary solution. We'll have to stay here and wait for some parts we need.' he replied. 'Agnes!' she suddenly heard Collier's voice. 'Where's your machine-gun? We don't know what's still hiding in here.' he said while approaching. She now noticed that everyone actually was still carrying weapons. 'I got my handgun.' 'Do you want to die?' Suddenly, there were some loud blasts, and people started falling to the ground. Immediately, Don and Binkowski had their machine-guns ready, shielding Agnes, even though nothing was coming their way yet. 'They're in that sewer!' Don heard the sound coming from behind him. Agnes. He immediately started shooting, taking out the gunner within mere seconds. 'Fucking hell.' he muttered, and then he turned around to Agnes. 'When are you ever going to follow my fucking orders?' 'I'm alive aren't I?' Wardaddy sighed in frustration, then all of them suddenly heard some upheaval amongst the men. Something they'd heard before. 'Surrender? It's a bit late for that, innit? You shot two of our guys.' There had been two Krauts in the sewer, and the shooter had been taken out, now the other was coming out trying to surrender. 'Bitte.' the Kraut said. 'Ich will mich Erbrechen.' 'Oh come on. Shoot the guy. Put him out of his misery.' As soon at Collier heard someone say that, he intervened. 'Hold on! Nobody shoots that man unless I say so.' The Baker Company soldiers had formed a crowd around the German soldier, and Wardaddy pushed through to stand in the middle of it. Agnes pushed through to be able to see everything he was about to do. Collier looked at the group of soldiers, and then his eye fell on Agnes. 'Agnes, come on up here.' She walked to the front. He didn't really speak to her. She was the first to speak, after they'd looked each other in the eye for a while and she already knew what he wanted her to do. She shook her head. 'I don't know why you're even trying to make me do this.' she whispered. 'Kill him.' Collier spoke resolutely. 'No.' Don sighed for a second. 'I've waited way too long to properly teach you this lesson.' 'Some lessons are not meant for everybody, Don.' 'Why are you here, Agnes? Why? Tell me.' 'Shall I tell you something, Don? I was trained a fucking nurse, not a soldier. I was trained to nurse the wounded -even Krauts-, not kill those that surrendered. And yes, I was taught how to shoot a sniper rifle, but I wasn't trained a soldier. Stop asking me why I'm here. You think you know so much more than me, but I've been around since Africa too.' Collier found everything she said to ridiculous to directly respond to that. 'You will do as I tell you, and you will shoot that son of a bitch.' 'I will not.' 'He was trying to kill you, Agnes. What are you going to do about it?' 'Go fuck yourself.' she hissed at him, and that was the straw that broke the camel's back. He slapped her right across the face with the back of his hand, with enough force to punch her to the ground, but she remained upstanding, blew some hair out of her face, and looked at him again. 'I don't care how long it'll take you to do it.' he said. 'Then you can wait a long time, because I'm not going to do it.' 'Yes you are.' 'You're not going to win, Don. This isn't going to be one of those times.' 'I've heard you say that before. You know what happened afterwards?' 'Yes. You beat me.' 'After making you follow orders.' Agnes straightened her back. 'You won't win this time.' 'Don't you fucking test me, Agnes.' 'I would rather have you beat the shit out of me right here, right now, than to shoot somebody who means no threat to me whatsoever. Not anymore.' 'No you wouldn't. I'm about to fucking go there, Agnes. Take my fucking gun. Or do you want to snipe him down?' Everybody laughed a bit, making her feel ridiculed. She breathed out heavily while remaining focussed on Collier's face. 'You won't win this time. You might be able to make Norman shoot someone, but you won't make me.' He'd properly had enough right now, and grabbed her by her hair and neck, bringing her down to her knees. It hurt when they hit the stone pavement. 'Shoot him. Do it.' He put the gun into her hand, while kneeling down behind her and placing his foot next to her so she couldn't escape. His left hand was around her stomach, and his right hand around her right hand holding the gun, while she tried to pull herself loose. 'Stop!' she gasped. 'Oh, no, no, no. You will do as I tell you.' As soon as his grip around her right hand loosened, she saw the chance to throw the gun away, a few meters out onto the street, though she knew that was only a temporary solution. 'God damn you, woman.' 'Get your hands off of me!' she grunted, but of course he didn't listen. He was her fucking superior, for god's sake. 'Don't you fucking touch me!' she whimpered loudly. 'I've had about fucking enough with you, young lady.' He moved his right hand and put it over her mouth, which caused her to whimper in panic. His left hand moved down a bit, to her lower abdomen -or her womb, rather- so he would gain more control over her struggling body. 'Ssh. Struggling won't help you. You know you're not stronger than me. Ssh. It's alright.' His voice legitimately calmed her down, as she realised he was right. She would never be stronger than him, no matter how hard she would try. 'Attagirl.' As soon as she stopped struggling, Collier's left hand reached for Agnes' handgun, placing his right arm across her chest to keep at least a little grip. But when he took it out of her holster, she saw the chance to escape, as his right arm only wasn't enough to hold her back. She got up and walked away from him a few paces, gasping for air, there she came to a halt. They were literally surrounded by Baker Company soldiers, that had all been watching them, and that -of course- were on Wardaddy's side on this. There was no way to walk away now. Collier got off his knees, and while he walked at her, he shot the Kraut through the head. He grabbed her shoulder, turned her around, and grabbed her face. 'This ain't over yet.' he muttered so only she and maybe a few soldiers near them would hear. 'Face it, Wardaddy. You lost this round.' He slapped her again, but with less force, and not the back of his hand. 'What did you call me?' He slapped her again as she didn't reply. 'What's my name?' 'Don.' she replied. Another slap. 'You will call me by my name. What's my name?' He grabbed her chin, but carefully. 'Collier.' she muttered. 'What was that?' 'Sergeant Collier, sir.' 'You're goddamn right. Now get your ass back to the tank.' The moment that she walked away, pushing her path through Baker Company, and Collier sighed again as he picked up his own gun, was the moment that Norman could finally breathe again. He couldn't believe what he'd just seen. Wardaddy had seemed so frightening that Norman would already have shat his pants thrice had he been in Agnes' place. Well, he actually had been before, but not in this way. Not this personal, or intense. Not as a woman… While Agnes had almost reached the Fury, Binkowski was suddenly in her way. 'Angel, wait.' 'I can't believe you let him do that.' she said while not looking at him and trying to get past him, but he wouldn't let her through. 'Agnes, you know he was in the right.' 'I don't care whether he was in the right or not. He went way too far.' She finally came to a halt by herself. 'Would it comfort you if I'd tell you I'd done the same fucking thing?' he asked, partly making her realise how ridiculous she was acting. 'I feel like saying that you men are all the same.' she spoke while finally looking at him. Binkowski looked at her indignantly, almost smiling in disbelief. 'Oh, so you think that's what this is about, huh? You think he cares that you're a woman? You think that's why he did it?' 'No! But you are all just so convinced to think that you're always right!' She almost couldn't keep herself together. 'Well, guess what, Agnes? Maybe you should consider that we are for once. This is a warzone, not a playground. If you don't listen to us, you're going to get us killed.' 'The man surrendered!' 'Stop it, Agnes. I know you're not that stupid. You know that's not what this is about. It's about following orders.' 'Have you ever heard the saying: war is where the young and stupid are tricked into killing each other by the old and bitter ?' Binkowski sighed. 'You're the one who's crossing the line here, Agnes. Not him.' That was the last he said before he walked away, and Agnes proceeded her walk towards Fury. She was pleased to see that Don didn't decide on joining his crew next to the Fury to have a little break, but to join the group of sergeants -his only friend left being Binkowski-. Agnes didn't speak to any of them. Not Norman, not Grady, not Gordo, and not even Bible. 'Did you hear all that?' Binkowski asked while he watched Don sit down. Collier nodded. 'I don't know what's going on with her, man. I'm sorry.' Binkowski said, but Don had already calmed down. 'Desperate needs lead to desperate deeds.' he said. 'Just because you were rough on her?' Wardaddy sighed. 'It goes deeper than that, Binkowski. She's not like that at all.' 'Then she needs to learn how to part orders and 'things that go deeper than that' .' Collier grinned because of that. 'One lesson at a time for her.' The two of them were silent for a moment, and then Binkowski sighed. 'You should mount up and get to that crossroad.' he said, and Collier nodded, taking his cigarette out of his mouth. 'Guess I'll have to talk to her first.' he said while blowing out some smoke, and Binkowski seemed to agree with that in silence while they both got off their seats. Wardaddy found Agnes still sitting next to the rest of his crew in silence. 'We mount up in five. Agnes, come on, get inside. I wanna talk to you.' Agnes first stared at him in silence, then slowly got up and followed him on top of the tank. He opened the hatch for her, so she could go inside first. Oh, now he did know how to be polite . She climbed down a little further, and went to sit in Grady's seat. That was kind of more remote from the rest of the tank. It smelled of him, but Agnes hadn't quite figured out whether that was a good thing or not. She sat down to face Collier, he sat down in his own seat, a little higher up. 'Listen, I know what you've done for us. I know you chose in our favour when you chose to stay with us, but that choice comes with responsibilities and consequences.' He got another cigarette out of his breast pocket and lit it. 'Don't try to lecture me about responsibilities and consequences. I came here to get some of them off my shoulders.' she replied. 'Right. You switched positions, but that cannot mean that you don't know how to follow orders, can it?' 'I don't know. Everybody just left me to what I was doing back then.' Her eyes became a bit watery but not in a way of almost crying. 'They trusted me. And I failed them.' 'It's not like that, Agnes. Did Davis fail his crew? Did Peterson fail his crew? No. It was all an unfortunate amount of bad luck. We have been lucky 'til now. But you gotta know your place. Who are you?' 'Corporal Agnes Towler.' Collier looked at her as if she was being immature, but he had a slight grin on his face. 'You're not in the British army anymore, love. Still it wouldn't matter. Who am I?' 'Sergeant Don Collier.' she muttered. 'Right. Do I need to show you a military rank chart?' 'No.' She didn't whisper intentionally, but accidentally because she felt belittled. 'You need to learn how to follow orders.' 'I do follow orders.' 'Only the ones you want to follow.' She didn't reply to that. 'I am your sergeant. I can help you follow orders, but I just did that, did you like it?' 'No.' 'Right. So just do as you're told. I've been in this world a lot longer than you, Agnes, including this war. How old are you again?' 'Twenty-two.' She didn't want to look at him. She felt ashamed. 'There you go, twice as long. All right. Let's move out. Are we good?' he asked, while making ready to get up and outside again, but her voice interrupted him. 'I just don't get it.' she muttered with an unstable voice. 'One instant you're so nice to me, and the other… The other I feel like you're about to rape and murder me.' 'Oh please.' he replied. 'And I know you wouldn't ever do that, but that doesn't mean you couldn't come close to making someone else feel like you would.' They looked each other in the eye, Collier with a bit of sorriness, and Agnes with a bit of sadness. 'I don't know, Agnes.' he said as he took a whiff of his cigarette. There was a brief moment of silence. 'Listen. I'm sorry about what I did, okay? I guess I shouldn't have been that rough on you, but-' 'I guess you shouldn't have been.' Agnes immediately repeated, slightly provoking him to become hostile again, but it didn't work. Wardaddy sighed. 'There is a limit to my patience, girl.' She didn't reply to that. 'Why is this so easy to Grady? Making it up to you?' he asked. Agnes sniffed. 'The greater the trust, the deeper a cut can carve, the harder it becomes to mend, Sergeant Collier.' A/N: Hello again! I'm extremely curious to hear what you guys think of this chapter. I've really enjoyed writing this one, and I'm curious to hear which side you're on. Collier's or Agnes'? Please leave a review, and until next time![Chapter 16] Agnes had fallen silent. She'd been sitting inside, behind Norman and Gordo, and between Bible and Grady on the ground. She had been sitting there the entire ride, but she hadn't been silent the entire time. She'd been smoking a cigarette and had been singing a song that sounded beautiful but the lyrics were quite morbid. Something about everything in the world turning around and upside-down. Summer under the sea, fish with wings and birds with scales, dry rain and snow that falls up... Norman didn't know the song so he couldn't sing along, but he probably also wouldn't have sang if he'd actually known the song. He was shy and didn't want to interrupt her beautiful voice, even though she hadn't really been trying to sing well, she had been singing softly and quietly. As if she was only singing for herself. She had been singing while Grady had smoked about three cigarettes –there was nothing to do-, Boyd had been reading his bible, Gordo had been driving the tank and Norman had just been staring out in front of him. Though now Agnes was silent. She had fallen asleep, with her head in Bible's lap. He was still reading, wearing his glasses, not minding Agnes, but sometimes letting his left hand fall down to her head and stroking her hair for a while, only to bring it back up again later, and after a while drop it down again. Norman didn't need to guess or wonder why Agnes was down here, and not on top of the tank or even near Sergeant Collier. He did hope they would make up soon because he didn't like the tenseness of this all. She must've been really mad at him, considering Grady took only a few minutes to make it up to her for revealing a secret. Thinking about that, it surprised Norman. Agnes and Collier seemed to be much closer with each other than she was with Grady, yet she refused his apology for being a little hard on her, if, he had given her one in the first place. Norman reckoned he had… His thoughts were immediately interrupted by a loud blast, right next to him. The tank shook for a bit and then came to a halt. 'Shit! Is that another tiger?!' 'Tiger!' Grady and Bible were already panicking while Agnes had brutally been woken up and stared out in front of her with a tired and confused look, and hair in front of her face. She blinked a few times and stroke the hair out of her face, only to get up then. 'What was that? A tiger?' she asked while she climbed back up, following Bible and Grady. 'It's a mine. Settle down it's a mine. We hit a mine, is all.' Wardaddy called out. Everybody sighed in relief. 'Everybody off!' Boyd shouted, while Grady already jumped off of the tank, immediately being followed by Bible and later Agnes. A few moments later, Gordo and Norman got off as well. They had already reached the crossroad. Frankly, they were in the exact middle of it. 'Ah shit.' Grady muttered. 'How bad is it?' Collier asked. 'It's broke as fuck. Busted a bogie too.' 'Can you fix it?' Grady sighed. 'Yeah, why the hell not?' Gordo started muttering something in Spanish while Norman awkwardly looked at Grady studying the tires, and Bible granted Agnes a cigarette from his pack and lit it for her before lighting his own. 'All right, Coon-ass. You check out that building.' Wardaddy pointed at the abandoned wooden building that looked like some sort of barn, after which he looked around to observe their surroundings for a minute. He only found Agnes doing something that didn't please him. Chatting with Bible, doing nothing. 'Agnes, what the hell are you doing?' She looked at him from below, with Bible following her glance. She looked at him for one second, but then averted her head again, as if she could just not bear to look at him, and Wardaddy sighed. 'Agnes, I want you to go get your rifle and bullets and get yourself up that hill. The Krauts might send some patrollers, I want you go take them out from up there.' he commanded as he pointed up at the hill that lay opposite of the building. It wasn't a steep hill, but it was vast and had a line of trees on the top of it. Agnes snorted. 'Roger.' She climbed up the tank again and got her rifle and a belt full of bullets within mere seconds, still holding the cigarette between her lips. 'Up the hill.' Collier repeated as she climbed past him and off the tank. 'I heard you.' she said, mumbling because her lips were struggling to hold the cigarette. The hostility was great between the two of them, so hostile that Norman was virtually about to cringe. Agnes walked past him and Gordo, not saying anything as she progressed further up the hill, every now and then tipping the ashes off of her cigarette. 'Norman. I want you to move your way down that road to see if anything's coming our way that's bigger than a patroller. Hide in those bushes next to the tracks. Keep yourself hidden.' With his fingers he pointed out the way he was supposed to go and where to hide after that. Norman nodded as he looked at Grady entering the building. Then he looked toward the hill. Agnes seemed to have vanished into thin air, but she had probably already hid herself at the root of that line of trees. He faced Wardaddy. 'Can I take my canteen?' he asked. Collier sighed for a second. 'Yeah you can take your canteen.' Norman fetched it quickly and then went on his way. He walked maybe 300 metres away from the Fury, and then hid himself in the bushes, where he finally found a moment of peaceful quietness. He sat down, leaning against a tree, and tore the wrapping of off his rations. Some sort of energy-filled crackers. They didn't have much taste, but the texture of them was good and Norman felt how they instantly filled up his belly. He sighed as he chewed his food, and it was only after he had a few sips of the water from his canteen when he heard the noise. First he thought it was the wind, shortly after that he was quite sure it was singing. And not just the singing of one person. This would have to be the singing of hundreds of people. He listened carefully and started to distinguish words, but he couldn't understand them. They weren't English. Oh lord. He stood up and looked through the maze of bushes and tree branches he had hid himself behind, and then he saw them, probably one mile out, across the field that the road was built around. An entire Kraut Battalion. That was when he knew he had to get out of there. Norman ran as fast as he could, and arrived back at the crossroads within probably half a minute. He called out for his sergeant. 'Hey! Hey!' Wardaddy let himself slide off the tank, a cigarette resting between his lips. 'Good evening, Norman. Why aren't you at your post?' he asked. Norman almost bumped into him so he told him to slow down. 'They're… they're coming right now.' 'Who's coming?' Collier asked. 'The Germans!' Norman cried out frustrated. 'How many?' 'Too many… too many to count.' Norman replied. 'How many?!' Wardaddy repeated. 'Uh… uh… about two… two maybe three hundred. They got vehicles too, and horses.' 'Tanks?' Wardaddy asked. 'No. No tanks.' 'A bunch of Krauts looking to surrender, that's all.' Grady stated. 'No. No, no, no. They were marching, they were singing. They sounded like they wanted to fight.' Norman pleaded, while Wardaddy stared into the direction Norman had come from. With a soft breeze of wind from that direction, the sound came along. Singing. 'Wait, do you hear that?' Boyd asked Wardaddy. 'It's a goddamn SS Battalion.' Wardaddy spoke. 'Bullshit.' Gordo muttered, and he followed Collier's glare. 'Jesus Christ…' Grady whispered as he dropped his tools to the ground. Boyd was next to speak. 'Grady, my gun.' 'Yeah.' 'Norman, you got your weapon?' Boyd asked, while Gordo and Grady started packing their stuff. 'Shit. Let's just get our shit alright?' Grady suggested. He didn't get a reaction from Collier. 'Look, it's about to be dark. Just get on up outta here, huh? Let 'em pass on through.' 'We go up there, we find Agnes, we stay there.' Boyd added. 'Norman go get your shit. Go get your pack.' Grady ordered while Wardaddy turned himself around to face his men. 'We ain't never run before, I ain't running now.' he said while Bible approached him. 'What is that?' 'We're gonna fight it out.' Wardaddy said. 'We can't!' Boyd pleaded. 'I'm gonna hold this crossroad.' 'What do you mean we gotta hold this crossroad? The tanks busted. We're one man short.' Grady said. 'The tank's fucking busted Top, what are you gonna do about Agnes?' 'Yeah you said that.' Wardaddy replied as he climbed the Fury. 'What are you doing? What do you wanna do? You wanna stay?' Boyd asked. 'I'm gonna hold this crossroad.' 'You wanna hold up and SS Batallion?' 'No it's not what I want but it's what we're doing. Get into your fighting position! Mount up!' 'Get into our fighting position? We ain't got tank to fucking fight!' Grady protested. 'We got a canon!' Collier shouted. 'That don't make no sense, Top!' Gordo cried and Grady as well as Norman started protesting, but Bible had had enough. 'Stoooop!' he shouted. 'What are you doing?' he asked Wardaddy, who was making the .50 ready for the fight. He paused and sighed for a second while he seemed to overthink. Then he spoke. 'Get outta here. Get to that treeline. Find your girl.' he replied, but then he continued loading the .50, stating that he wasn't leaving. 'Boys, take care of yourselves, get to that treeline. I'm sure Angel found herself a safe place, you go find her.' His crew didn't move a muscle. He kneeled down to get a little closer to them. 'It's alright.' 'Hmm. It's alright.' Bible repeated. 'This is my home.' Wardaddy explained. Norman didn't accept it. He would not accept Sergeant Collier taking on the fight on his own. He climbed his way to him. 'I'm staying here with you.' 'Alright. I'll need you to load. Boys, get on. It's alright.' Bible didn't accept it either. 'Grady. Come on.' he said, as he climbed his way up as well. 'We're gonna stay.' 'Uhu.' Gordo agreed as he followed him. Grady hesitated, but eventually followed the two of them up.' 'We got six against three hundred, Top. What is your plan?' Gordo asked. 'Five.' Collier corrected. 'What, no. What about Aggie?' Wardaddy looked at Bible in silence for a moment. 'Listen. We both know that Angel is one of the bravest women alive. But she's not a fool.' 'She will not abandon us.' Bible hammered. 'If she knew we're taking on the fight…' Grady muttered. The five of them looked at the hills and the tree line she was probably hiding in, but neither of them could see her. 'Do you think she can see us?' Norman asked, breaking the silence. 'If she's still out there, yes. Chances are she moved as soon as she saw the Krauts marching our way. I don't know.' 'Come on, Don. She wouldn't…' Bible's voice was interrupted by his hesitating breath. 'She would, Boyd. This is suicide, she doesn't want to die.' 'But if she'd see us looking her way wouldn't she have shown a sign already?' Norman suggested. 'She's got a flashlight.' he added. Wardaddy sighed deeply and looked at Boyd, who still didn't seem to want to accept it. 'It could've broke…' Bible spoke but Collier interrupted him. 'She's gone, Boyd. She ain't coming back. She almost killed herself saving us the first time, she ain't gonna do it again. You know what she was like after. She's gone. Now you're gonna accept that, and you're gonna keep yourself alive.' Bible swallowed as one, single tear escaped his eye. 'So what is your plan?' A/N: Hey guys! The story is not over by long! I know it's been months, and I'm sorry I've kept you waiting, but I have just been so busy and haven't found the time and effort to write. Anyways, here's the new chapter! I very much hope you like it. I can't make promises on when the next chapter will be up, and to be honest I don't think it will be up any time soon. But hey, you never know. I just wanted you to know that I have not stopped writing, and that I have not quitted this story. Everything's just taking a while longer than expected. Please leave a review, and until next time! Shaeme[Chapter 17] They –or that meaning Wardaddy- had thought up the perfect plan. Or at least the best plan they could come up with. The best plan for survival, or at least of stopping the SS-battalion. They had made their busted Sherman look like a defeated Sherman. The old field hospital they had stranded next to still had some dead Krauts inside of it, which they had used to make the scene look like a battle had taken place. One Kraut had been set ablaze and laid over the front of the tank, and two others had been spread across the crossroads. Still, there had been no sign of Agnes. No sign of recognition, no sign of life at all. Norman had noticed how Bible had continuously been staring up that hill any time he'd had the chance in between the dragging-across-Krauts. It seemed both Norman and Gordo, as well as Grady (slightly) had completely given up on the chance of a sign of life from Agnes. Norman wasn't sure whether Gordo and Grady genuinely believed that Agnes would abandon them for her own sake, but he was quite certain that they (as well as Norman himself) had given up on the thought of her, just to fully commit themselves into the coming fight instead of still somewhat relying on an uncertain factor. He had no clue about Collier's thoughts. Although, possibly a slight clue. Norman had noticed how Collier had paid two glances to the treeline up on that hill. No more. Which was a significant amount of glances less than Bible, but still indicated a small sparkle of hope. They were now inside their tank. All five of them, finishing their ammo count, and just as they were done, Collier passed Bible a cigarette. And Norman noticed how Bible kept it in his mouth for a second, unlit, staring into thin air with his sheeny eyes. Norman knew he was thinking of Agnes. He just knew. Then Wardaddy got out a bottle of booze. It seemed like he had kept it hidden all this time. Bible removed the cigarette from between his lips. 'We promised Aggie we wouldn't drink it without her.' he said softly. Don grinned slightly. 'Fuck that. We might as well get a little tight. We won't be around for the hangover.' He took the cork from the neck of the bottle, looked at the label for a second took two large gulps of the drink. After that, he groaned. 'Ah, that's better than good.' Bible looked at Don's face for a second and then slapped Don's arm. 'Give it here.' Collier seemed to ignore him, took another sip, and studied the label again. 'Give it here.' Boyd repeated. He finally got what he wanted. 'What're you gonna do with that?' Grady asked. Bible looked at him sternly. 'I'm gonna drink it.' he spoke loudly. It was clear. He'd given up on Agnes, and he seemed mad about it. Mad at himself for giving up on her. 'I know you hate me preaching. But what we're doing here is a righteous act gentlemen. Even without Agnes. You hear me Gordo?' He was quiet for a second, but then started talking again. 'There's this bible verse I think about sometimes. Many times. It goes: and then I heard the voice of the Lord, saying 'Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?'' He cleared his throat as he found difficulty keeping back some tears, but then he continued. 'And… I said… 'Here am I . Send me .'' After being done talking, he put the cigarette back into his mouth. 'Send me…' Norman quietly whispered in repeat as he took the words up into his mind. 'Book of Isaiah, chapter 6.' Collier said, and Bible suddenly broke out in laughter. 'Yeah…' he replied. 'Yeah, Don. Exactly right. Oh wow… You're something.' Collier grinned as he got out a cigarette for himself and lit it with Bible's zippo. The bottle was passed through to Grady, Gordo and then Norman, who also took a sip. He moaned in disgust directly after that though, because his sip had been more of a gulp. Grady chuckled. 'Goddamn, son. You're a fighting, fucking, drinking machine ain't you?' 'Machine, that's it. That's his war name.' Don spoke. 'That's perfect.' Bible replied. ' 'I christen thee Machine!' Collier shouted while Gordo and Grady starting shouting the name as well and Bible couldn't help but laugh and go along. Collier spoke as they settled down again. 'I love it in here…' he said. 'I do. It feels incomplete but I love it in here.' He took a whiff of his cigarette as Norman realised how Collier was referring to the absence of Agnes for one last time. 'Best job I ever had.' he then stated. 'Best fucking job…' Grady repeated. 'Yeah.' Bible said while smiling, staring into thin air. His smile disappeared gradually, thinking of Agnes' absence for one last time. Then Norman's eye fell on his binoculars, and he noticed how the Krauts had arrived at the scene. 'They're coming.' he spoke, and that was the sign for everyone to get into their fighting positions. 'No one makes a move unless I say.' Collier commanded as he had a look through his own binoculars. 'Come on you cocksuckers… Walk straight on in.' he muttered. The SS-officer shouted some commands and the few dozen men of the battalion split themselves up, surrounding the tank. Norman got ready and already pointed his Thompson upward towards the hatch above him. He looked back, noticing Collier getting a grenade ready, and a single tear shedding down Bible's face. Fear. Just the same as Norman felt it. The Krauts approached the tank. 'Almost…' Wardaddy muttered. The first started climbing the Fury. They could all hear them shuffling around above them. Then the hatch above Norman opened, and he waited to see the Krauts shocked face before starting to shoot. 'Now!' Wardaddy shouted. He, Grady and Gordo started throwing out grenades, hitting quite a lot of the Krauts that were near the tank, the rest of them started spreading in fear. Grady loaded Bible's gun. 'Clear!' 'On the way!' The first was launched directly at the heart of the battalion that had been marching in a straight line seconds before. 'Clear! On the way!' They hit the only truck that the Krauts had, and it was lit on total fire. Total chaos had emerged among the Krauts while they were being bombed and shot at. This was not what they had expected, and that was exactly what the Fury's crew's intention had been. To take them by surprise, and they seemed to have succeeded. Collier commanded his crew. 'They're running, they're running! First left!' Norman followed them with his gun while muttering something about fucking Nazi's . 'Bow-gunner, squirt those assholes running for that mill. Cut those fuckers down! Loader, give us some Willy Pete. Put it in that building, it's full of fucking Krauts.' 'Clear!' 'Fire!' 'On the way.' A smoke-bomb shell exploded right inside the building. 'Give me another, that was beautiful.' Collier spoke. They shot another, which totally eradicated the Krauts inside that building, and then Collier ordered Norman to take out the few that had managed to flee the building. Then Collier noticed how some of the Krauts had installed some machineguns, and had Bible take them out with the canon. Collier's commands were rushing through like crazy, while they continued taking out Krauts by the dozen, operating the canon and the guns at the same time. It had gotten much darker, it was actually pitch black, and all the light they had was coming from the field hospital that they had completely lit up with their canon, and the smoke that was reflecting the light as well. Then, Norman suddenly ran out of bullets through firing. 'I'm out! I need a new can!' 'We out!' Grady replied. Out of bow-gun bullets… 'Fuck…' Bible muttered. 'We got a case rupture.' he said as he had a look at his canon. 'We need more boxes of ammo!' Gordo shouted from below. 'We got the .50 on the roof.' Bible said. 'We got more ammo outside. I'm gonna lay down some smokes.' Don said and he grabbed some smoke grenades. 'Gordo, Norman, on my signal. Pop outside and give me some cover fire. Bible, get ready to snatch that thirty.' 'Roger.' Collier opened the hatch whole, and threw out some grenades. They covered the entire tank in a fog. Then Gordo and Norman opened their hatches as well. 'Go!' They popped outside and readied their guns, while Bible and Collier got out on the roof. Though then, they realised something dreadful. 'What…?' Bible muttered. 'Fuck.' Collier added. It was gone. All the boxes of ammo that they had before were gone. Taken by the Krauts, prior to them finding out that the crew was still alive and inside. They had taken it all, and looking at the .50, Don discovered it had been destroyed by the gunfire. 'Fuck!' Bible shouted. Then the Krauts started emerging through the smoke. Gordo and Norman took out the first ones. 'Bible, get back inside!' Don shouted stressfully. His machine gun was all that remained to him now. 'Button up!' A few Krauts attempted climbing the tank, but were stopped by Collier's gun. Though when he attempted to take another one, he was out of ammo. He simply threw his gun at the man, which threw him off the tank. He used his handgun to take out one that he emerged to him from his left. The last guy on the tank shot Collier in his upper arm, and then approached further. Unable to operate his gun because of the impact, Collier did not manage to keep the Kraut on a safe distance, and he got hit with some sort of metal bar, as it seemed the Kraut had run out of ammo as well. Then he suddenly got hold of his knife and managed to stab him in his leg and pull him off his feet, his torso coming through the hatch and inside the tank. 'Oh fuck – fuck – fuck – fuck – fuck – fuck!' Bible started yelling as he caught sight of the Kraut and he raised his handgun, but didn't shoot as he was afraid to hit his sergeant. Don struggled with the Kraut for a few seconds, but then managed to plant his knife deep into the man's throat and throw him outside again. 'Top, where's the ammo?' Norman immediately asked, and Collier closed the hatch. 'We ain't got no ammo.' he muttered. 'What?' Gordo spat out. 'The ammo was taken, we're all out.' He sighed for a second as silence hit them. 'We're all out. It's doomed.' 'No, what? It can't be…' Norman muttered. 'We are, son. It's done.' Collier pleaded as he sat down into his seat. Don snorted, and then got up to close his hatch off with some sort of lock. 'Close your hatch.' he said to Norman. Norman looked at him with a questioning face. 'Everybody close your hatch! Lock it up! It's got a lock on the inside. We might be doomed but we ain't gonna make it easy for them.' Gordo locked his hatch as well, and then showed Norman how to do it. After they were done, they all just… sat down. They sat down in silence, as they listened to the sounds outside. Don caught eye contact with Bible, who looked immensely scared. 'If a man loves the world, the love of the father is not in him.' he muttered, as soothing words to the preacher. They seemed to work. Bible gave him a grieving smile. 'For all that's in the world,' Don continued. 'Lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes…' he paused, emphasizing the words. '… pride of life. It's not of the father. It's of the world.' They had some silent eye contact. 'He who loves the Lord will live forever.' Bible replied. 'Forever.' Collier repeated. Bible's eyes fell on Don's flesh wound. 'Let me patch you up.' he said, but Don stopped him. 'We're gonna die, what good is it?' 'Sergeant?' Norman suddenly dared to raise his voice. 'Yes, son?' 'I'm scared.' There was more silence for a second, and then the Krauts started randomly firing bullets at the tank's armour. It seemed they had run out of legitimate measures to break through the tank. It did make one hell of a racket. 'I'm scared too.' Grady shouted over the sound of the bullets. 'Me too.' Gordo agreed. 'We're all scared.' Collier said. 'But it's gonna be over soon.' He found eye contact with Bible first, then with Grady, Gordo, and then Norman. He sighed and smiled slightly. 'See you on the other side.' The sound of bullets stopped for a second, probably because the Krauts were reloading their guns, and there were a few seconds of silence. But then, they all heard another bullet being fired. A sole bullet. This wasn't just any bullet, they all recognised from the sound. It was a sniper. A/N: Aaaaand here I am again! I hope you liked the chapter! I can't be sure when the next chapter will be up, I've just been very busy this past time, I hope it will be up soon, but I'm afraid I can't make promises. As you may have noticed though, this is kind of where the movie originally ends (adapted to fit this story), but that doesn't mean that this story is over! There's a lot more coming, I just can't make promises on when, hehe. Again, I would like to hear what you think of the chapter! Leave me a review :)[Chapter 18] Looks were exchanged throughout the tank. Looks of fear, mostly. But suddenly, a touch of hope had come upon them by the sound of that sole bullet. 'They have a sniper?' Norman dared ask, and he noticed how Bible's eyes stayed focussed on Collier's, his mouth in a stiff, straight line. There were a few seconds of silence, and then they heard another shot. 'It's not aimed at us.' Grady spoke, judging from the lack of sound of a bullet colliding with their Sherman. Another few seconds of silence while everyone held their breaths. And then another shot, and the screeching of a Kraut that got hit. Bible sighed as water hit his eyes, and Don released his breath. 'It's Agnes.' he spoke. Norman's eyes went bigger and he found eye contact with Gordo. 'Agnes?' Norman muttered. There was silence inside the tank, but the shots outside started becoming more and spread over a shorter range of time. Bible suddenly quietly burst out in tears, but Norman immediately noticed how Boyd was smiling. They were tears of joy. Agnes was still alive. Agnes was still there. She was still with them. She had not abandoned them. She had just made a bloody smart choice to stay at a distance so she would not be noticed, and had waited just long enough to be their last resort. 'How many bullets does she have?' Grady asked. Collier immediately, quite stressfully, started searching through Agnes' stuff, placed in a tiny cabinet. Shoving aside some photographs and a lucky charm, he found one pack of sniper rifle bullets. That meant she had taken one other pack, if he wasn't mistaken. Collier sighed. 'Seventy-five bullets. Maybe seventy-six.' Norman swallowed. That was quite a lot, but there had to be at least eighty-something Krauts left outside. She'd have to hit every single one of them at first try with one bullet, otherwise she would not be able to take out all of them. Bible paused his crying bliss and sniffed. 'Is there anything we can do to help her? We must have some grenades left, or…' 'We gotta do the same she did.' Wardaddy immediately pleaded. 'It's her turn now, we need to save our resources until she's absolutely out of hers. Leave her be for a couple minutes.' Bible took that up and silently agreed, along with the rest of them, while Norman finally put himself up to look through his binoculars, up the hill where Agnes was supposed to be firing from. The shots were still continuously going on, she seemed to be fully concentrated, taking out one Kraut per shot. The Krauts themselves, however, were swarming around the place not knowing what to do, dropping dead by the bushes. Soldiers asking their superiors what they were to do, superiors contemplating on what the hell to do by themselves. There was just utter chaos. At one point they started firing back at her, but because it was dark and she was at a far distance, they had no idea where she was. The shooting continued for over 2 minutes, and the bullets seemed to be fired at every three-something seconds. Then suddenly all of the tank-crew looked at each other, when the shooting stopped. 'Is it over?' Norman asked. Collier's mind seemed to race with theories, trying to calculate out Agnes' shots and bullets, but Grady spoke first. 'It can't be. That weren't 75 bullets by long.' 'He's right.' Don spoke, done with his calculations. 'What if she got hit?' Bible asked, stressed. Don scoffed. 'From that far away?' he asked, actually mocking the idea. 'Um… maybe she did.' Norman muttered, peeking through his binoculars. What he saw on the ground shocked him. And it also shocked him that he had been able to see it. He felt terror and pride at the same time. 'They have a sniper too.' The man was lying on the ground, a few meters out in front of the tank, and was aiming at the hilltop: Agnes' hideout. 'You have got to be shitting me.' Collier muttered, grabbing his own binoculars and looking outside. He was quiet for a second, and then startled the shit out of Norman with his sudden shouting. 'Shoot him dead! Fucker!' 'We can't, Top! We're out of ammo.' 'He is going to kill her! Get them grenades out.' Don started rummaging through the resources they still had left, finally grabbing a grenade. 'Keep inside.' he told his crew, and then he opened the hatch above his head, and stretched out, exposing his entire upper body outside the tank. 'Are you mad?!' he heard Boyd shouting after him, but he did not listen. He took the pin out of the grenade with his mouth, and threw it at the sniper in front of them, maybe 10 metres out. It exploded, but at the same time, Don got shot. This time in his shoulder, by a Kraut on the ground, that hadn't fallen victim to Agnes' sniper yet. He squirmed in pain, while getting back down and closing the hatch. 'What the fuck was that, Top?' Boyd sounded mad while he climbing to his sergeant, and he studied his wound, but he could barely see anything, due to the blood already swarming around Collier's shoulder. 'Fuck, Top!' he yelled. 'We need Agnes.' he continued, and as soon as he uttered her name, the sniper shots continued. 'Did you kill him?' Grady asked, and Collier nodded. 'That bastard exploded into a thousand pieces. Agnes is back on track.' He squirmed again, because Bible had started applying pressure to the bullet wound. 'We need Agnes…' Boyd muttered again. 'You're a medic!' Don protested. 'She's a head nurse! She's nearly a fucking surgeon. She'd know what to do.' 'Patch me up!' Collier's voice rose above Bible's and it shushed Boyd. He started taking out bandages and powder that would have to stop the bleeding. Agnes' shooting continued until she was definitely out of bullets, which took her about another 3 minutes. 'Alright, she's done.' 'How many we got left?' Grady asked. Bible started peeking through Collier's binoculars, and Norman and Gordo looked through their owns. 'I count 2 on this side.' 'Three more here.' Gordo and Norman spoke at the exact same time. Then through the silence, they suddenly heard Collier bursting out in an ill laughter. 'Oh damn.' he chuckled. 'She took out all of them.' Boyd started laughing as well. 'Alright boys, do you job.' Don then said, and they all got out a grenade. 'Grady, you first.' Grady opened his hatch, and because the Krauts left weren't far away, all he needed to do was remove the pin, and fling it outside without exposing himself. They first heard the Krauts yelling, and then a muffled explosion, and silence. Dead. 'Norman…' Collier instructed. Norman got his grenade, opened his hatch, and got out just a little bit. He was immediately being fired at, which put him in a state of shock, but the Krauts missed their shots. 'Throw it!' Gordo yelled, and Norman did. And they were dead. Norman sat back down, re-obtaining his normal breath. Boyd tended to his sergeant again, but there was nothing more he could do. It did not seem like Don would die. Norman noticed the first crack of dawn appearing. 'All right, boys. Go on outside. See what guns and ammo you can find, we don't know what's coming out for us.' Collier commanded, and so they did, and he followed them. Once they got out, the four of them started looking through the dead bodies for ammo, and Collier leaned himself against the exterior of the tank, having a look at his arm and shoulder as light was furthering over the horizon and he could now see properly. The bleeding had stopped, or was just going on for a little bit, but even though he didn't show, it hurt like hell. He looked at his wound, and looked around a bit to spot any other potential dangers, and then he saw her. Agnes. She was walking downhill, with her sniper rifle, vertically in her left hand, and her right hand swinging beside her body with every great, slow step she took. The look in her eyes was dead, but apart from that, the only important thing Collier noticed was that she was bleeding. The side of her face was bleeding. The boys noticed her soon enough, and then all watched her in silence as she walked downhill. She caught up to them within a good half-minute, and did not speak. She dropped her rifle on the ground next to the tank, and kneeled down next to Collier, who had come to sat down, collapsed by fatigue and pain. She did not look at his face. She only studied his wounds. After maybe 10 seconds of looking at it, she finally spoke, while everyone else kept dead silent, watching her. 'Boyd. Bandages, and large tweezers.' Boyd nodded, went inside the tank for a couple of seconds, and came back with several packages of bandages and large tweezers. 'Take off your jacket.' Agnes commanded to Collier. He did not respond verbally, but sat up straight so she could help him do it, all while he looked at her face. Mad with confusion. He flinched a little bit when she pulled his shirt off his skin (it had stuck to his skin because of the drying blood), and then she took out her butterfly knife and cut open the shoulder of his shirt. She got out her flask of water, and drained her sergeant's shoulder in it. After cleaning the wound, she held up her hand, and Bible handed her the tweezers. Collier's eyes changed once he saw the shining metal. 'What are you doing?' Without warning, Agnes shoved them inside the bullet wound, and started moving it around. Don screamed in pain. Agnes did not respond. 'You fucking cunt! Shit!' It was clear that Collier had no control over his words, so Agnes did not take them personal at all. 'Oh fuck! Stop! I'll kill you!' Agnes did not stop, until a few dozen seconds later, she pulled the tweezers back out, holding an entire bullet with them, and surprised it hadn't shattered. She washed away the fresh blood she had triggered to stream out again, and wrapped his shoulder up in bandages. Then she got up again. 'That wound in your arm can wait. We have to move.' 'Agnes.' Grady was the first to actually speak now. 'What?' 'You're bleeding.' She looked at him in silence for a second, and then looked at the ground. 'I'm fine. It's just a graze.' A bullet had grazed her face right next to her left eye, all the way down to height of her ear. And blood was streaming down her cheek. 'We need to move.'[Chapter 19] 'It won't stop bleeding.' 'Plasma will generate itself, Bible, keep cleaning it up.' A soft chuckle, then a flinching gasp. 'Ouch.' 'Come on, Agnes, I thought you were braver than that.' 'Fuck you, Boyd.' The voices across the room were extremely soft, but maybe that was also because Norman felt like he was fading away from fatigue. There was some muttering between Agnes and Boyd, while Boyd tried to stitch Agnes' bullet graze, following Agnes' close instructions on how to do it, since it was her face and they didn't want to fuck it up. Also, since Agnes knew more about medical care, being a nurse and all. Grady and Gordo were quietly playing a game of cards, at the table placed next to Norman's chair. Collier sat in an armchair, and it almost seemed like he had fallen asleep after he'd told Agnes that Bible should patch her up first, before Agnes would tend to him and his shoulder. The crew had taken all of their stuff out of the tank, and had walked at least two miles until they had found a deserted house that they could spend the night in. The tank was pretty much destroyed. Perhaps they could find a way to repair it, only after they would find a way to move the tank to one of the army camps that held a repairer. For now, they just needed to get out of that place. They had nowhere else to go, but if they stayed, and another Kraut battalion would meet with them, that would have meant their deaths. They would be relatively safe in this house, and they finally got some rest. It was quite a large house, and in fact looked like more of a villa or mansion. Its previous owners had deserted it, and everything had been left behind. Because of that, Agnes had managed to cook the men dinner with some canned beans and dried fruit that she had found in the kitchen. It had already gotten dark again, now, and the clock told Norman that it was almost 10 in the evening. He had taken the effort of actually rewinding it; it had given him a feeling of home and comfort. The rest had not even bothered to notice. 'There we go.' Boyd muttered. Norman looked up at the two of them. Agnes still sat in a wooden chair, and Boyd just got back on his feet, as he had been kneeled down next to her while stitching. The wound still looked very nasty, Norman thought, but better than before. He could not begin imagine how painful it had to be for Agnes. She seemed to be okay, though. She tried to feel the stitches, checking whether Bible had done his job well, but the wound still hurt too much for that, so she just smiled softly and thanked him. She got up, and walked towards the armchair that held Wardaddy. All the quarrel and anger they had had towards each other before everything happened seemed to have disappeared. With Agnes, at least. 'Wake up, old man.' she said, smiling, as she kneeled down next to him, putting the aid kit on the ground beside her. Collier had, indeed, fallen asleep, but awoke startled by her voice and her hand on his arm. He immediately rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. 'The fuck did you call me?' he muttered, not even trying to use any intonation whatsoever. Agnes giggled. 'Take off your shirt.' she commanded softly. 'I like where this is going.' Collier still sounded tired as he took great effort to take off his shirt, being troubled by the pain in his body and the tiredness that had before overthrown him. 'Look at that. Your shoulder is patching up.' The bullet wound in his shoulder had already started healing, even though it still looked irritated. 'I'm going to disinfect it and put a bandage around it, okay?' Before, she had shoved a pair of tweezers inside of his wound without warning, now she seemed to have softened down a bit, calmed down a bit. She had probably realised that holding a grudge to her Sergeant would not help her in any way to survive this war. 'Okay.' Collier muttered. He flinched when she put the rag drenched in alcohol to the wound, it must've stung like a bitch, but kept himself calm as she sterilised his entire shoulder, and felt relieved when she removed the rag and started wrapping him in bandages, going all the way around his shoulder and torso to keep it in place. The bullet wound in his arm appeared less severe. It was necessary to remove some pieces of shell none the less, but they had reached far less deep, and Agnes was done quickly, disinfecting and wrapping the rest of him in bandages as well. She sighed in conclusion. 'Well. Let's get you to bed then, we'll discuss everything else in the morning.' She helped him on his feet, and left the rest of the crew behind while she helped him up the stairs. Norman sat in silence with Grady, Gordo and Bible until Agnes returned after a few minutes. 'I've put him in the last room on the right of the upstairs corridor. Best not wake him.' she spoke to all of them, and they silently nodded. 'I think I shall go to bed as well.' She remained silent, but her glance rested on Bible, who was just taking off his round glasses. They made him look smart, but he looked better without them. 'Me too.' he said, once he caught Agnes' eye. 'All right. Good night Grady, Gordo, Norman.' As if she felt so lucky that she was still alive, and they were all still alive, and as if she felt so grateful that she was still with them, she went past all of them, giving them a kiss on either, forehead or cheek. Gordo and Grady did not even bother to look up when she did so, but Norman noticed their genuine smiles after they had received her blessing touch. At least, that's what it felt like to Norman. Blessing. Agnes and Boyd were off, and before Norman could get up to find a bed as well, he was called out by Grady. 'Come on, Norman. Play one last game with us.' He was tired, but for once felt like he was truly part of this crew. If Grady accepted and liked him, that had to mean something good. They played a game of Black Jack, which Norman had always been very good at back home, but he could not compare to Grady's skills in the game, unfortunately. Luckily they did not bet for money, otherwise Norman would have been broke by the end of the game. It took them at least 15 minutes to finish it. 'Alright then, that's enough. I'm tired as fuck.' Grady threw his part of the deck on the table, while Gordo got up as well. 'Night, Norman.' Norman was left behind at the table. 'Yeah…' he muttered. 'Good night.' He smiled to himself as Gordo and Grady fastened up the stairs, and considering what Norman could hear from upstairs, the two of them immediately found a room and went to bed. He cleared the table, blew out all the candles they had lit, as the electricity no longer worked in this house, and then found his way upstairs as well. Most of the doors in the very long hallway were closed. He did not dare check whether they were occupied, so he walked along, further to the back. One door stood ajar, which probably meant that this room had not been claimed yet. Norman was just quick enough to stop immediately in his footsteps as he tried to enter the room, which made him stop before he could even touch the door. The room wasn't empty. The doors to the balcony that connected all of the rooms on the left side together were open, with the sheer white curtains flowing free in the wind. The room was extremely dark, but Norman could make out some figures by the small amount of moonlight coming from outside. Agnes and Boyd laid there, sheets only partly covering them, bodies intertwined, slightly, and very slowly moving, and their heavy breathing was enough for Norman to know what was happening. He was ashamed of himself as he found himself looking at them for longer than acceptable. But in the dark, it was impossible for them to see him, besides that they were far too busy with each other to notice him. He felt even more ashamed that the sight excited him the tiniest bit. He decided to walk away from this before he would do anything stupid, and he immediately entered the room at the end of the corridor on the left, opposite to Collier's room. He found himself a bit out of breath by what he had just witnessed as he look off his clothes to his underwear, and went to lay in the soft queen bed. What he had seen was none of his business, but it had made him a little confused. Of course he had noticed the bond that Agnes shared with Bible, a bond that she did not share with any of the others. But this, he had not expected from either of them. Bible was a religious man. Agnes was a most respectable woman, he had figured… What would drive them this close together? He tried to sleep. He felt frustrated that he had been so tired moments before, and now he simply could not sleep. Not even the comfort of the bed could help him fade away, even though it was the most comfortable bed he'd ever laid in. Rich people must have lived here. After perhaps half an hour of trying, he got up and sat on the edge of the bed, thinking of anything that could help him sleep. But then he heard a soft cough on the balcony. Without doubt, he stood up and opened his doors to the balcony. Agnes was leaning on the railing, holding a cigarette in her right hand, as she just brought it to her lips, and she noticed Norman. 'Hey.' she said softly. 'Can't sleep?' 'No.' Norman replied. 'What about you? Why are you up?' Agnes sighed. 'The graze has taken a quite unfortunate place on my face, the side I always sleep on.' She smiled all of it away, but Norman knew she lied. Partially, at least. He had not yet decided whether he cared that she lied to him. 'Want one?' She had up a pack of cigarette that she had held in her left hand the entire time. She had no pockets. Norman realised it was Bible's shirt she was wearing, that covered her from chest to thighs. Norman did not smoke, and she knew, but he tried to give it a go and accept it. Perhaps it would calm him down and help him sleep. Agnes lit it for him as he held it between his lips. 'Now, softly. Don't inhale all of it.' she told him, instructing him how to smoke a cigarette for the first time. Norman coughed anyway as he took it out of his mouth again, and Agnes smiled softly. 'I've never noticed that ring on you.' he said through his coughing, trying to change the subject from him failing to smoke a cigarette to something else. She looked down at the ring around the index finger of her right hand, and her smile remained on her face but diminished slightly. 'It's not mine.' she replied. 'Whose is it?' Norman put the cigarette to his mouth again, coughing less this time. Agnes sniffed. 'It's Bible's.' She, too, took another whiff. Even though the ring had probably lost it's shine, and even got damaged a little bit in the fights Bible had had to endure during this war, the gold reflected a bit of moonlight. Norman noticed the plain golden ring had something engraved in it. 'What does it say?' Agnes sniffed again. ' Doris .' Norman immediately felt like he had gone way too far over the line, and was shocked that Agnes had let him do that. He was even more shocked that she told him more before he could ask. 'Somewhere across the Atlantic there's an identical ring that says Boyd .' Norman swallowed. Not only was Bible a religious man sharing the bed with a woman outside of marriage… This was adultery. He was married. 'I wear it for him at times like these so he feels less guilt.' Norman felt as if Agnes knew that he had seen them. But she couldn't have… Right? 'He puts the burden on you?' Norman asked, and then he took a whiff without coughing. Agnes looked down at her hands. 'To me it's just a name. A name of a woman that betrayed the man I love.' Norman remained silent for several seconds, trying to form a reply to that. 'What did she do?' he asked, eventually. Agnes softly cleared her throat. 'Boyd has been in Africa and Europe fighting this war for almost five years now. He hasn't been back home since. But just a year ago, he got a letter from his sister stating that his wife had given birth to a son.' She fell silent, sniffed again. 'I'm so sorry.' Norman muttered. 'You don't need to feel sorry for me , Norman. Bible came to me in tears. He was absolutely devastated; I didn't know what to do. He didn't tell anybody else. He didn't want me to tell anybody else. But he knew from that moment that he would never want to spend another minute as that woman's husband.' 'But he still has the ring?' Norman asked. 'He'll have to go back home and ask both the court and church for a divorce. After that, I hope he throws it into the ocean.' She looked at the ring again. It sounded like she hated the thing but the way she wore it for him made it appear as if she cherished it as well. Her cigarette had burned up. 'Are you okay, Norman?' she then asked, changing the subject. 'Yeah.' He didn't need to know why she asked him that question. 'You too?' 'Yeah.' She smiled again, and came at him to embrace him into a firm hug. She held him long and tight, as if trying to squeeze out all the bad things that she felt at this moment. When she let him go again she smiled at him. 'Good night.' And she went back into Bible's room. A/N: I am extremely curious to hear what you think of this new element/exposition in the story. I can't promise when the next chapter will be up, but hopefully it will be soon. Please leave me a review as I love reading them, and until next time! Shaeme[Chapter 20] ' We'll meet again, don't know where, don't know when. But I know we'll meet again, some sunny day. ' It was a voice that woke up Norman. But the voice wasn't talking to him, it was singing. Very faintly in the distance, somewhere downstairs, Agnes was singing a song that Norman knew all too well. We'll Meet Again, by one or another British singer. Ever since the war had started for him, he hadn't woken up feeling as well as he did now. For once, he did not think about the fights to come, or the fights overcome, but all he thought about was the comfortable bed, and the distinct singing of Agnes, somewhere downstairs. Downstairs, that's where he should be going. He lifted himself from the bed, got himself dressed quickly, and went down the stairs quietly. The smell of breakfast entered his nostrils, before the voice took away his attention again; only just now, he noticed that she was singing along to a phonograph. ' So will you please say hello to the folks that I know? Tell them I won't be long. They'll be happy to know, that as you saw me go, I was singing this song. ' As the chorus started again, Agnes walked through the hallway with a pan in her hands, encountering Norman. 'Good morning, Norman.' she said with a soft smile. She intended to walk along directly, but stopped herself in her footpaces, noticing Norman had come to a halt halfway down the stairs. 'I've made some soup, come and have breakfast. You've slept well, everyone's already down.' Then she did walk along into the dining room, and Norman followed her. Boyd was sitting in an armchair in the corner of the room, at the window, next to the phonograph, reading his Bible, humming along to the music. Gordo and Grady were already at the table, clearly starving for breakfast, already having handed out the plates and cut up the bread. Don was at the table as well, slightly further away from the edge, sitting wide-legged, bare-chested, clearly waiting for Agnes to get back to nurse his wounds again. He looked satisfied with the fact that he had been blessed with a cigarette this gloomy morning nonetheless. 'Good morning, Norman.' he said with his deep as usual voice, after which he got distracted and paid attention to Agnes putting a great pan of soup on the table, and dividing the content over six bowls. 'Good morning, sergeant.' Norman replied. 'Breakfast is served.' Agnes then stated, and everyone huddled up around the table to eat. Bible said a very short grace, while Grady and Gordo couldn't wait to dive in. Agnes had managed to make a creamy pumpkin soup out of whatever she found (a pumpkin, probably), and Norman found it to be delicious, especially with the thick bread that was still warm from the oven. When everyone was at least halfway through their bowl, Norman felt it appropriate to speak. 'What will we be doing next, Top?' Collier fidgeted with his spoon and bowl a little before answering honestly. 'I don't know, Norman. I honestly don't know, but we won't be getting anywhere with a broken tank that's parked two miles away. We'll have to wait for a rescue convoy of some sort to pass by. Then… I don't know. The war will be over soon.' 'Binkowski was coming after us, shouldn't he have found Fury already?' Agnes suggested. 'Perhaps.' Collier replied, after which he took another sip from his spoon. 'Doesn't mean he knows we're here. We'll have to wait it out, we'll do just fine out here.' Everybody shrugged, and initiated to eat the rest of their meal in silence, but within minutes, they were distracted by noise from outside. The noise of a motorised vehicle; the noise of a tank. They all remained dead silent while exchanging mixed looks, but Wardaddy was the first to speak and hand out orders. 'Grady, Bible, I want you walk up to the door, but wait to open it. Grab anything to serve as a weapon if necessary.' They were completely out of weapons, and quite frankly in a most vulnerable place. 'Agnes, Gordo, you stay right here with me. Norman. I want you to get up and walk to that window very slowly, and see what's out there.' Collier gestured to a window on the front side of the house, which was covered with sheer curtains. Norman nodded, and as Grady and Bible got up as well, he sneaked up on the window. Peeking through the blinds, he could immediately spot the tank that had come to a halt right in front of the house. Soon enough, he noticed people coming out, and within seconds he realised who it was. He turned around with a relieved smile on his face. 'It's Binkowski!' 'Bible, open up that door.' Collier commanded from afar while he got a cigarette from his breast pocket with a great smirk on his face. 'Binkowski.' Norman followed Grady, Bible and Gordo outside, finding Binkowski to be absolutely shocked by the fact that his comrades were still alive. He embraced all of them for a second. 'Well I be damned! I saw the entire fucking battlefield you created, I couldn't believe my eyes. But we couldn't find you guys.' 'Well we were here. We couldn't stay there.' Bible replied. 'We wouldn't have been here if it weren't for Angel.' Grady added. 'Boy, she took out about a hundred fucking Krauts with her sniper rifle from that far away hilltop, it nearly cost her her face.' 'Say what now?' Suddenly, Agnes stood in the doorway, followed by Collier, who had healed as much as being able to walk normally on his own. 'Angel…' It was clear that Binkowski first intended to smile, grin and embrace her, but when he saw the wound on her face –still looking very nasty, even after Bible took care of it-, his smile turned into a frown. 'Sweetheart, what happened?' She smiled it away, walked at him and hugged him tightly before talking. 'It's just a graze.' 'Are you sure? It looks properly fucked.' This time, Agnes chuckled, and Binkowski followed her in that. 'Thanks, serge.' she replied, and then she gave Wardaddy the space to talk to his friend. 'Binkowski, good to see you. And you guys.' He finally paid attention to the rest of Binkowski's crew. 'I suppose you've come to call us back. What's the next mission?' Binkowski sighed and scratched the back of his head, but he didn't seem distressed. 'Hitler is dead.' Everyone gasped. 'What?' Agnes spat out. 'The coward committed suicide together with his family. The war will be pretty much done from now on. The British and the Canadians have almost entirely taken over Berlin.' They were too shocked to say anything, so for a minute, they stood there in silence, before Boyd felt the need for clarification. 'So… The… The war is over?' Binkowski nodded silently, barely believing himself, but with a mad smile on his face. 'Oh my god!' For once, Agnes sounded like a proper teenage girl screaming out of happiness. Grady, Gordo and Bible started cheering as well, while Norman noticed Collier looking up at the sky, as if thanking the Lord above for this blessing. Agnes grabbed the first person she could reach, which was still Binkowski, and simply clutched onto him as tight as she could. And she laughed. She just laughed. Norman always deep down thought her the type to be so tough that she was made for war. But the fact that she was so relieved now that it was over proved him terribly wrong. She even shed some tears of happiness as she skipped from Binkowski to Bible, who she barely managed not to kiss. Gordo, Grady and Norman got their share, but she ended up at Collier. 'Thank you.' she whispered through every one else's chanting and laughter. 'For what?' 'You know what. I wouldn't have been able to do it if you didn't teach me the things you did.' 'Don't be cheering too soon now.' She smiled, and kissed his cheek as she embraced him tightly. When she let him go, and went to celebrate with Binkowski's other crewmates, Collier found the time to initiate a most appropriate thing. 'All right boys, we know all that rests us. Binkowski?' He gave the honour to his friend to start singing the Star-Spangled Banner. ' Oh, say, can you see, by the dawn's early light. What so proudly we hailed, at the twilight's last gleaming. ' When Agnes heard them sing their anthem, she decided to counteract. She was the one that saved them after all. ' God save our gracious Queen! Long live our noble Queen! God save our Queen. Send her victorious, happy and glorious! Long to reign over us. God save the Queen! ' The battles of anthems was over quickly, and even though it had been one against ten others, it was clear that Agnes' British anthem had won because she had sang it so beautifully. Everything was merry, and it couldn't get merrier. 'All right folks, let's head back to Baker Company. We wouldn't want to miss the party they're setting up.'[Chapter 21] Music could already be heard from outside the venue, but that didn't stop Agnes from spurring her mates to walk just a bit quicker. The town was celebrating, but now that it was night time, the American army had caught word of a dance being organised in the town hall. Now obviously, as soon as Agnes had caught word of it, it was impossible for the rest of the crew to pass on this party. She hadn't been able to demonstrate much of what she was truly like without fighting a war, but this would be the closest they would get for now, and they had found out that she probably loved to dance. She could simply not wait to get in. She had confiscated the most beautiful evening dress from an empty residence inside the town that Binkowski and his crew had brought them to after finding them, where Baker Company was rested as well. The dress was one with a very dark red body, quite tight, with a square cut, and a white, loose skirt that came down to just above her knees. She hadn't had much time to do anything with her hair (as Norman guessed she had wanted to, as according to him every girl would do before a night out), but she braided it the way she always does to put it a way, a little bit neater this time. She rest of them were wearing their regular clothes, but had taken the effort of washing themselves and their attire. With clean shaved faces (apart from Bible's moustache of course), they stepped into the town hall, Agnes being the centre of attention to anybody who saw them walking in. Norman was surprised at how quickly the town had managed to decorate an entire hall, regulate drinks and invite a Big Band to play. Swing music was already blasting through their trumpets. 'America, land of the great,' Collier muttered to just his comrades as he referred to the fact that the German band was playing American swing music, probably as a symbol of overthrowing the Nazi regime one last time. 'Great Britain, land of hope and glory,' Agnes replied with a soft smirk on her face. She hadn't given up the competence between their two countries ever since the war had come to an end. After just a couple of seconds inside the place, they were already approached by one Baker Company soldier. 'Sergeant Collier, good to see you well and alive.' 'You too, Miles,' Don replied, and then Sergeant Miles turned to Agnes. 'Miss Towler, might I say that you look stunning this evening,' he said very politely. Bible put his hands into his pockets. 'Don't be getting loose and cheeky now,' Boyd muttered, but with an obvious playful grin on his face. Norman looked at him and concluded to himself that now that the war was over Bible was ready for something. Perhaps he was ready to not keep secrets anymore… 'Not to worry, Swan, I've been trying to talk to this German girl all night but I just can't get the hang of it, she understands nothing of what I'm trying to tell her,' Miles grinned. Don responded to that by approaching and putting a hand on his shoulder, turning him back into the direction of the crowd. 'Let me help you out with that, pal.' They walked off, as Agnes put her arm through Grady's, feeling his uncomfortableness as a rough male presence at a dancing party. 'Let's go get some drinks,' she said happily, as she was already pulling along Grady. Bible, Gordo and Norman followed. After they got their punch, they went to stand in the chatting crowd. The room seemed to have been divided up into a chatting crowd and a dancing crowd. Well, the dance floor wasn't exactly crowded. There were only a few couples dancing. At least one too few if it were up to Agnes. 'So,' She made a point of it to sound extremely British. 'What say you, Boyd? Will you take a girl out dancing?' Bible grinned at her as she smiled at him as innocently as possible. 'I don't know if I can do that, miss. See I'm a just a tank gunner, not much good at anything else,' he replied. Agnes immediately decided not to play his game of hard to get. He was just fishing for one thing or another. 'Fine. Grady?' 'You don't actually see me dancing, do you?' She sighed. 'Gordo?' 'I can dance the Concheros…' he muttered, indicating that he wouldn't be the ideal dancing partner. 'Norman then, let's go.' Norman contemplated. He would absolutely adore dancing with Agnes, but he was shy. His mother had put him on dancing lessons when he was fifteen, but that was a few years ago, and he had never been the best of the class… Would he dare to? Would he risk going down in front of all these tough soldiers and German people? He had waited too long. 'Angel. Come here. These German girls are terrible at the jitterbug, the British less so, I should hope? ' Binkowski had appeared from the crowd in an instance and took Agnes by the hand immediately. 'Let's show them how it's done. On your feet.' Agnes gave Norman a promising smile. Just as a new song started, Binkowski took Agnes to the dance floor. A new song just started, which made it clear to Norman that this band was extremely fond of American music. He recognised it from a movie, which he had seen just a few months ago, at the cinema in the center of Pittsburgh. His sister had insisted on seeing it with him, it was called Swing Fever if he had remembered it right. All that he remembered was actress Jean Veloz dancing marvellously to a song called One Girl and Two Boys, . That was the song this German American band started playing (without vocals, as no singer could speak proper English) just as Agnes first laid her hand on Binkowski's shoulder. Neither of them probably knew the song. Agnes not only because she was British, but because she probably hadn't been home ever since 1943… At the first swing that Binkowski pulled Agnes into, everybody seemed mesmerised at the first glance. As if everybody knew that now was the time for the real dancers to shine. And yes, Agnes was amazing. Aided by the brilliant guidance of Binkowski (about which Norman was even more surprised, since he hadn't thought Binkowski to be much of a dancer at all), her feet work was swift and quick. The most impressive was her feeling of the music. Her hips and shoulders worked together in a way of making her body swing in the most gracious and subtle way. And she let herself be guided along the entire way. Not once did she look surprised at where Binkowski steered her every time he pushed her into a twirl, not even when he decided to pick her up and throw her a few feet into the air. They were amazing, and everybody enjoyed looking at them and taking an example. Because finally, Agnes could be a girl again. When the song was over, people applauded them, and they both took it up in their glory. Agnes took a bow, and a kiss on the cheek from Binkowski, after which they parted ways, and Agnes sought her other friends in the crowd. 'I am amazed.' Grady spoke first. 'You'd better be, I didn't take those dancing classes for nothing.' Agnes replied, after which she immediately turned to Bible, who had an amused, but still slightly jealous grin on his face. 'What'd'ya say to that Bible boy? Do you regret not taking a girl out dancing?' 'Hmmm, you watch your ground there, you don't know what the future holds. But I must admit that I would've done you no good compared to Mr. Binkowski here…' He looked at Binkowski, who had come to join them as well. 'That's still Sergeant Binkowski to you, boy.' Binkowski replied, impersonating a caricature that reminded Norman of a douchebag county sheriff that roamed around Pittsburgh every once in a while. As soon as the band started a new song, this time a song that everybody recognised, Collier finally turned up. Again, there was no singer, but The White Cliffs of Dover wasn't a tune unrecognisable without the wonderful Vera Lynn singing along to it. 'Binkowski, I see you've still got the moves, you old bastard.' he said. 'Hey now, hey now, you think 39 is that bad? I don't nearly square out to you.' Don grinned. 'Let's not get any further into that. Agnes.' He turned to her. 'Make this dance mine, if you will.' 'Oh, serge, I am ever so flattered.' she replied, in the most British accent Norman had ever heard. She took his hand and followed him onto the dance floor, that wasn't cleared of people this time, as everyone took their chance to have a slow dance with their German honey. Again, Bible had missed his chance. 'Just know that if it hadn't been for those big-ass tweezers fucking up my shoulder it would've been me tossing you around like that, if that's what they call dancing these days.' Don said as he grabbed Agnes' waist and she put her hand on his shoulder. Agnes giggled. 'Are you sure it wasn't just the bullet?' she laughed. 'Oh, you bet. It's all your fault.' Agnes sighed satisfied. 'Well, at least you're still alive because of me.' Don's grin slightly disappeared from his face. 'And you don't know how grateful I am for that. How thankful I am for you. I really mean that, Agnes. Forgive me.' She fell silent for a second, but then decided what she was going to say. 'There is nothing to forgive.' she simply said. To break the silence that followed, as she grabbed on a bit tighter to him, she finally figured what she needed to hear. She looked down to his chest, as he looked over her head, staring across the room. 'Secret or promise?' she softly asked, only for him to hear. 'Promise.' he replied without doubt. She looked up at him, and they made close eye-contact. 'Promise me that we'll stay together after everything is over. All of us, even Norman. Promise me.' He looked concerned over the heartfelt seriousness that she had stated that with, as if he was frustrated, sad and hopeful at the same time. Then he broke their eye contact as he pulled her into a tight hug, instead of dancing stance. He closed his eyes for a second before looking around the room again, feeling Agnes' clinging onto his shoulders like a small child not wanting to let go of its mother. 'I promise, Angel.' A/N: It's been quite a while again! But guess what? The story is still not over ;) The crew's still got a couple of plot lines coming up for them in Germany, but I am also planning to write a bit further about life after the war. However, as always, I can't promise when the next chapter will be up, and to be honest; it will probably be a while. Until that time, I do hope you will find the patience to wait, or perhaps re-read the story, if you like it so much, hehe. Please leave a review (I love reading those) and until next time! Shaeme[Chapter 22] 'Watch yourself.' Grady pulled Norman backwards before he was almost hit by one of the trucks driving by. He didn't mind, he wasn't scared. Everyone was celebrating. The crew had moved to the west, to a much larger city than the small town they had resided in before, a little closer to Holland, and a little closer to home... The whole city was out and about on the streets, celebrating. They were finally free, helped by the Americans, British and the Canadians. Those were the army platoons driving by in trucks, waving back to everyone cheering at them, and pulling pretty girls onto the truck to ride with them. The Fury crew was on the ground. They were not interested in driving around their tank, and were much happier among the people, celebrating and drinking good whisky. 'M'lady.' Agnes had been standing between Bible and Collier, but that didn't stop one of the British driving by to approach her. Well, approach? He stopped his vehicle and took off his hat to her courteously. 'Might I interest you in a ride?' He was very obviously drunk, which is why it made Agnes laugh. 'I've had enough rides in army vehicles in the past three years, thank you.' Only now, the drunken soldier noticed that she was in her British army uniform, but that didn't make him bugger off either way. 'Oh my god, it's you, isn't it?' Agnes seemed a bit confused and surprised as the soldier jumped off his truck. 'Corporal Towler.' He saluted her after he had taken a closer look at her first. 'Stand down, soldier,' Agnes grinned. 'I have heard so much about you. I think I'm right to say that the entire British army owes you their gratitude.' He looked back at his comrades still in the truck, and they all nodded. Norman noticed how Agnes blushed. 'Simply a series of very fortunate events, I'm afraid. I was just trying to save my own life, and theirs.' She slyly looked at the rest of the Fury crew. 'Well, Corporal, if I were an officer, I would be giving you all the medals there could possibly be, if I may be so kind.' Agnes laughed. 'You may. Now go on, back in your truck, there's plenty of parties to attend for good lads like you lot.' She greeted all the men in the vehicle before they rode off again, then when they were gone, she sighed, satisfied. 'That's just the little bit of home that I missed.' British lads, Norman figured. Agnes turned to Bible and pat his chest. 'I'm going into that bar right there to get us a couple of beers, who wants one?' Norman accepted, even though he never had beer before, and Grady and Gordo had had enough of their whisky. Bible and Collier were good. 'Very well.' She left off with a smile on her face. Now, Norman dared turn to Collier. 'Why do you think so many people know her?' It hadn't been the first time she had been recognised. Collier grinned. 'Well nobody wanted to know about the story of how she killed twelve Krauts by herself to save a couple of Americans, because in that same story, five British soldiers didn't make it. Now there's the story of how she killed a hundred Krauts to save that same couple of Americans, now that is a lot more impressive, and impressive stories go 'round in the army, son.' 'I'd want to hear about the first story.' Collier grinned again, softly this time. 'Maybe another time, Norman.' Norman didn't get the opportunity to reply. All he could hear after that were gunshots, and people screaming. People running for their lives... 'Everybody get down!' Multiple people yelled that, including Collier, but more people started running than getting down. Within seconds, the square was almost cleared, which made all the soldiers in their trucks, guns included, able to spot the target. A lost Kraut that hadn't been caught yet, shooting from a window. A few people had already been taken down, but that stopped when the window got piled with bullets and the sole Kraut was obviously dead. 'Get an aid station ready!' One Canadian yelled, as everyone got up again. People who had taken shelter in houses were not prepared to come out yet, however. A few people laid on the ground, either dead or wounded, but numbers were only small. 'Norman! Go on into that bar, check if Agnes is okay,' Collier ordered. Norman nodded, and set on his way. His way wasn't long. He looked around as he went, to people carefully coming back out of the bar, crying, people on the ground. The ground... He found Agnes before he got to the bar. 'Sergeant!' He'd never yelled this loudly before, he thought. Never this heartfelt. Agnes was on the ground, bleeding. 'Sergeant!' he yelled again as he ran at her, and fell to his knees next to her. Her eyes were shot, and blood was streaming from her chest. Bible was first to arrive at the scene after Norman. 'Agnes! Fuck! Get a medic! Get a fucking medic!' Norman looked at him, shocked. 'You are a medic!' Bible looked at back at him, tears already in his eyes. He put his hands and pressed on her chest, where the bullet had hit her to stop the bleeding, but started crying nonetheless. 'I don't know what to do, I don't know what to fucking do...' he cried, panicking severely. Collier arrived at the scene within seconds. 'Fuck! Where'd she get hit?!' He looked at Bible's hands. 'Get your hands away, if the bullet hasn't already hit the heart you might push it there!' Bible let go of her immediately, his hands soaked in her blood, crying. 'Fuck, fucking hell.' Gordo and Grady stood around them as well, multiple people were watching them. 'Is she gonna die?' Bible had completely lost himself. The calm man he was had made place for a desperately crying, panicking boy. 'Everyone out of the way!' Collier yelled, before he bent down and swept her off the ground. Her head fell backwards immediately, just as her arms, loosely swinging down. The crowd that had gathered parted as if Collier, with Agnes in his arms, was Moses parting the sea as he started walking. 'Where's the nearest hospital?!' A Canadian soldier pointed in the right direction. 'Just one block down!' Collier did his best to run, but realised he couldn't. Agnes was too heavy, and shaking her up wouldn't improve her situation. She needed to bloody wake up. 'Agnes please.' Boyd had managed to calm down the slightest bit, and walked beside Collier, trying to support Agnes' head. The rest of the crew desperately pushed everybody out of the way, which made it so it didn't take too long for them to reach the hospital. Collier stormed inside after Grady and Gordo slammed the doors open, and yelled at the first nurse he could find. 'I need a surgeon here, now!' The nurse was a young, blonde girl, who was clearly already scared of him, but pointed him to a bed immediately. Collier managed to carefully lay her down, and then immediately ripped open her jacket. Her chest was soaking of blood. 'She's been shot in the chest, we need a surgeon!' Gordo yelled again. A head nurse arrived at the scene immediately, and had a look at Agnes. 'Has she been hit in the heart?' she asked Bible. Yes... Bible wore his medic arm band, but he had no idea what to even do with it. 'I don't think so, she needs surgery that bullet needs to be removed.' He breathed heavily, panicking, and almost out of breath. 'I will run a blood test on her,' the younger nurse replied, already trying to get to, but Bible protested. 'She's O-negative, she can only receive O-negative, I will give her my blood.' He already started rolling up his sleeves, when everyone was suddenly distracted by Agnes. Her breath had suddenly started panicking: she had woken up. 'Ah! Help!' She was crying, and started yelling for help. She was completely panicking and probably had no idea where she was. Collier was already next to her, and Bible had to do his best not to approach her, but to keep talking to the nurse, now that a proper surgeon had finally arrived. 'Ooh, ssh. Hush, hush, hush, girl, you're okay, you're okay.' Agnes had grabbed onto Collier's hand, who had kneeled down next to her bed. She was looking in his eyes, which relieved him, to know that she was actually conscious. 'Help, help, please!' Agnes cried, tears streaming down her face, breathing superficially and shortly, before her breathing stopped, and her eyes fell shut. Bible turned around, his eyes big. 'Is she dead?' He couldn't even believe himself, and that he was asking this question. Collier felt her pulse in her wrist, and then shook his head. 'She's fighting,' he muttered, after which he suddenly got up again, and walked towards the young nurse, standing in front of her, intimidating her. 'Listen to me real careful. You will bring an infusion needle, and you will harvest as much of Boyd's blood here as you can, and don't you dare stock the blood for any other use.' The nurse nodded, and then ran off to get her supplies. Collier turned to the surgeon that had arrived. 'She needs to live. Save her.'[Chapter 23] 'Boyd... Boyd it's time to get up.' Bible blinked a couple of times as his feet started moving nervously under the chair he was sitting on, but he refused to look at Don. Tears welled up in his eyes once more. 'Boyd.' Grady now put his hand on his shoulder. Initially, Bible wanted to shake himself loose, but he didn't. All he could think of, and all he could look at was Agnes. The surgery had been performed, and according to the surgeon and two nurses who had performed it they had been able to remove all of the shattered pieces of bullet that had spread through her chest. But despite what they originally thought, tiny pieces had superficially hit her heart. Whether she was going to make it was up to God, for all they cared, the doctor claimed it was a 50/50 chance. For now, they had put her in a bed in a somewhat private ward of the hospital, reserved for any military above the rank of a private... Now that the war was over she could finally reclaim the rank that the British, and not the Americans had given her: Corporal Towler. Up in this ward it wasn't as filthy and crowded, actually, it was quite clean, white and bright. In here, as long as the white sheets covered the bloody bandages around Agnes' chest, it seemed like she was peacefully asleep. As if she was in her own bed. Ready to wake up at any minute. Maybe she was, maybe she wasn't... For now, she had been asleep ever since she got out of surgery, six hours ago. 'Boyd. You have got to get up and you have got to come with us, the nurses prepared us food in the messing hall, you gotta eat.' Don spoke loud and clear. Boyd simply shook his head. 'I can't do that, Top,' he muttered softly. 'Someone's gotta stay with her, someone's gotta be there when she wakes up, I can't leave her alone.' Don kneeled down next to him. 'Boyd, now you listen to me very carefully. You did what you could. You just donated over a litre of blood to save her, now you need to save yourself, if you don't eat and rest now you're gonna end up in a hospital bed next to her, is that what you want?' Boyd closed his eyes, trying not to cry. 'She can't be alone.' 'We know. Gordo's gonna stay with her.' Boyd looked up to Gordo, who nodded, comforting him. 'Now all you gotta do is eat and sleep a couple of hours and then you can come back. She won't be alone.' Boyd sniffed and then nodded. Getting up was a challenge. He immediately grabbed Norman's hand, who happened to be the person closest to him. Dizziness took him over for a small moment, but he remained upright. 'See, there you go, you lost a lot of blood, you gotta eat.' Grady explained. Bible followed him, Don and Norman to the messing hall, while Gordo took his seat next to Agnes' bed. The hall was just two corridors away, and at this moment, it was mostly empty, except for a nurse who had started filling up four plates with chicken broth and bread. 'You can take place here, sir, I've put some sugar in your water, if you don't mind. It'll do you good,' she spoke to Bible as the men took place around the table. Bible managed to pull off the tiniest smile and thanked her. Before supper, of course, Bible said grace. 'Our Father, Lord in heaven, we thank you for preserving our lives another day on earth so we may execute your will. Thank you for this meal and wonderful company. May you find it in your heart to save our loved one from an end to her life on earth. May you find it in your heart to let Aggie live. For I love her as much as I love you, dear Lord. Amen.' 'Amen,' Norman repeated, simultaneously with Grady. He noticed Collier flexing his jaw in an attempt to control his emotions as well, before he said Amen and started eating together with them. However, after a few bites, Grady seemed to find trouble to continue eating. He sniffed and then looked up to the men. He wasn't crying, but his eyes were gloomy. 'Top.' Collier looked at him. 'We can't let her die.' 'I know that,' Don answered sternly. 'No, you don't understand. If she dies what do we deserve living for anymore?' A small silence settled before he continued. 'She saves us, we save her.' That was something Norman heard before, but had never gotten an explanation for. 'What does that mean?' Don, Grady and Boyd all paused eating, then Grady and Boyd looked at their sergeant. Don sighed. 'He's got a right to know by now,' Grady claimed. 'He's got a right to know why she's here.' Don nodded reluctantly. 'Bible, you're a preaching man, why don't you tell him the story...' Don suggested. Boyd nodded. Perhaps talking about her in a non-grieving way would make him feel better. 'We hit the beaches right after D-Day. Me, Grady, Gordo, Don and Red. Everything seemed deserted. For hours we drove into the mainland, and nothing. The Americans, and The British and The Canadians that had come before us had cleaned up almost every Kraut for us. So we were off-guard, but we didn't know what was still coming for us. Two Kraut machine-gun squads had gone unnoticed. We'd gotten out of the tank to scavenge for food... and then they caught us.' JUNE 1944 'Gordo, halt here,' Don spoke over the intercom. It didn't take him long to drop his mic and open the hatch after that, and it was immediately necessary to grab his sunglasses. The summer heat had properly dampened up the inside of the tank, so he ordered his men to open all hatches as he got out. His feet landed in the sand after he jumped, and he had a quick look around. Nothing. As always. Nobody. Only dunes. 'We'll have a quick rest here,' he said to the other men. Red was the first to jump out of his hatch. 'Whooh, goddamn, it is hot in there,' he laughed. 'Grady see if you can fix that damage on the canon, just in case we encounter some Krauts I don't wanna be out of weaponry,' Don muttered to Grady who had only just popped his head outside. 'Roger.' Red laid down in the sand, and Gordo sat down next to him. Both of them were just trying to catch the fresh air that the slight breeze on them provided, but their calm didn't stand for long. It only took minutes for them to hear bullets coming their way. 'Ambush!' Bible was the first to shout it, as Don already dropped to the ground. Gordo and Red immediately covered their heads, and Grady got back inside the tank. But they weren't being fired at, or at least... they weren't being hit. 'Hands in the air!' The German accent was so distinguishable that nobody questioned that statement for a second. Too slow to draw any handgun that they had on them, and completely caught off-guard, everyone put their hands in the air. 'You! In the tank! Hands up, and get outside!' Grady's hands slowly rose from the hatch of the tank, then his face, and his shoulders. He climbed out trying to keep his hands up, struggling not to fall. It was only then that the Krauts truly showed them. Two machine gun squads, ten Krauts fully armed, and they had completely trapped the American tankers in a dune ditch. They all approached, as they ordered everybody to stand up and line up on their knees with their hands on the back of their heads. 'Who's the informant?' It was a very calm question that the leader German officer asked. Everybody immediately looked at Collier hoping that he had any idea what this Kraut was talking about. He remained quiet. 'Who's the informant?!' The officer shot a bullet into the ground right in front of Bible, who flinched heavily. 'I don't know what the fuck you're talking about man!' he cried. 'The informant. We know you have put an American spy amongst our soldiers who feeds through information to smoothen the landing on France.' 'What?' Don spat out. He had no idea what this man was talking about, but toned down his voice when the officer pointed a gun at his forehead. 'Please,' he said calmly. 'I'm just a tank sergeant I don't know nothing about no informants we're just here to follow our battalion.' 'So you're their leader?' The officer pointed at the others. 'Very well.' He paced a few steps to the right, and ended up in front of Red. 'Then you must be the one who knows,' he smirked, looking at Collier, and then turned back to his soldiers. 'Töte die anderen, wir bringen ihn ins Lager.' Colliers eyes suddenly flashed extremely big. 'No!' he shouted. But it was too late for his bow-gunner. Without hesitation, the officer pulled his handgun, and shot Red through the forehead. Bible, who was kneeled down next to him screamed as his face was covered in brain and blood spatters. Then the Kraut moved on to him. 'BITTE!' Collier's voice had immediately turned louder and more desperate. He struggled not to cry out about the fact that one of his best friends just got shot in the head right in front of his eyes. The officer was not even interested in listening to him. In a smooth motion, he put the gun to Bible's head. The gunshot was loud. The following gunshots even louder. The Krauts were silent as they watched their officer drop to the ground. They were permanently silenced when they got gunned down as well. The gunshots were followed by more silence. Bible opened his eyes that he had very stiffly closed when the gun touched his forehead. He saw nothing but a dead officer in front of him, and his dead friend beside him. His breath quivered as he looked to his other side, where Grady gave him the exact same shocked look, his hands still behind his head. 'What the fuck just happened...' he muttered. Gordo looked around as he put his hands back down and tried to get on his feet. All Krauts were dead. Gordo didn't get very far. 'Get back on your knees!' The voice in the distance was so loud and stern that Gordo didn't hesitate for a second to obey its commands. 'Hands behind your heads! Keep them there!' Everyone did what they were told, trying to look into the direction of the voice, searching for a source. It was found quickly. The source had decided to get up from the dunes they had been hiding in. Perhaps the reveal shocked the crew even more than their sudden rescue from death. It was a woman. She walked downhill in the sand slowly, pointing a machine-gun at them, carrying a sniper rifle on her back. She looked like she was ready to shoot any of them when they moved. She stopped about 5 meters away from them. 'Who are you?' Her accent was British, Collier now recognised. He sighed. 'I'm sergeant Collier. This is my crew. Private Swan, Travis, Garcia and...' His glance fell down on Red's dead body. He didn't say anything. 'We're Americans, you can put your gun down now.' She did not put her gun down. 'I'm Corporal Towler. British army,' she stated. 'Will you put your gun down now please?' Boyd now asked her. She looked at him with squinted eyes. 'I can't. Not until you thrown all of your guns on the ground in front of me.' The crew exchanged some hesitant looks, but since they all had a machine-gun pointed at their face they had little choice. While the men reached into their pockets for their guns, and dropped them down, the woman reached into her pocket and got out a handkerchief. When everyone was done she handed it to Bible, so he could wipe all the blood off his face. 'Thank you,' Boyd said as she collected the weapons and then lowered her gun. She sighed as the men got up. 'I need your help.' Sergeant Collier was quiet for a second as he looked at her. 'Well since you just saved our lives I feel as though I owe it to at least listen to your request,' he answered a bit sarcastically. 'Listen. I cannot go back to my battalion. I cannot face them. All of my men, they are dead. The Krauts killed them and I didn't do anything to save them. That's the hard and only truth, I have nowhere to go.' She sighed after she was done talking. The crew remained quiet for a while. 'And you saving us is supposed to show that you're not just some deserter?' Bible's words were sharp, but the look she gave him in return was sharper. 'I was a nurse in Africa. I saved hundreds of lives like yours without a single hesitation. That was before the army caught word of what the people were saying about me. That I could read blockade signs from a mile away. That I was a fearless shot. That's when they started making me take lives, but I wasn't fearless enough to sacrifice myself to save the people under my command.' 'Why are you telling us all this?' Collier asked. She sighed. 'I couldn't save my men. There was no way. I saved you. Please...' She said no more than that. Collier looked her in the eyes as he noticed a change in the way she was looking. Behind the strong woman that she just introduced herself to be, he saw something else. Exhaustion. Desperation. He wondered how long she had been out here on her own. He decided to step towards her, and put out his arm. They grabbed each other firmly by the wrist, as if closing a non-spoken deal. He just nodded at her. In response she sighed, and slowly leaned the tip of her forehead onto his shoulder. 'Thank you.' Collier gently pushed her away. 'Make yourself useful. We'll need a new bow gunner.' A/N: Yooooo, I know it's been over a year since I posted but I swear I'm still not dead. Still got an ending to this story and it's still not here! As always I don't know when I will be posting next, but until next time anyways! Let me know what you thought of the chapter, I love reading reviews! 3 ","Summary":" The ground was muddy and sloppy, which kept Norman from walking without trouble. His feet were some"},{"Movie":"Fury","Title":"Hell Hath None","Author":"scarlet tribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11033011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hell Hath None-Fury Sorry if it is a bit chopy in the beginning. It's going to get better i promise. I jut needed to get the first chapter up. So what do you guys think? She had been in Germany for four long, cold, wet months, hopping from one platoon to another. Every time she got settled into a group and making friends, they died. Not all of them, but enough to make them be placed into another unit. She has yet to be shot, but she burned her leg a month before. It was almost bad enough to send her home, but it was able to heal quickly. Few people knew she was a woman, most of the ones who did know were medics. She did not want to risk getting sent home. She wasn't sure how she managed to keep it a secret, she didn't really look like a boy. Maybe it was the extremely baggy clothes that hid everything and her short hair that mimicked everyone elses. The truck she was in hit a bump in the muddy road, jolting her out of her daze. She felt it slow to a stop. She looked out the back and saw the American army had taken up a small town. There were tanks in the square and soldiers milling about. She had been in Germany long enough to be able to block out the dead and severly injured. The mud and cold was just another part o life for her. It was dark, grey, and cold. She missed the laughter from her first group. Maybe their laughter and joking nature is what got them killed. She could still hear the laughs echoing followed by the blast that had begun the massacre. She and the few others piled out and headed over to the tent of men who seemed to be in charge. They all reported for duty and were dished out their next placements. There were only a small handful of men with her. Each one was called to step forward and given their assignment. \"Private Jack Edwards.\" She pulled her hat lower and stepped forward. \"Assigned to Sergant Collier, assistant driver on the tank.\" The girl nodded and stepped back into formation. The other men did the same when their names were called. It was quick and no-nonsense. No one had time to deal with them so the new boys were on their own. After being dismissed, they went around looking for their new platoons. She went around near the tanks looking for her sergant. One man passed by her with bright blue eyes and a cold expression. He looked like a man in charge who could point her in the right direction so she followed him. \"Hey. Sir!\" She called out. He stopped and looked at her. His gaze went right through her and for a second she worried he knew her secret already. \"Sorry. I'm looking for Seargant Collier.\" \"What the fuck do you want with him?\" The man asked in a harsh tone. The girl, whose actual name was Jacqueline, brushed off his cold demeanor. She had been here long enough to understand it. \"I've been assigned to him. I'm his new driver.\" She informed him. His look hardened. \"No you aren't.\" He said and turned to walk away. \"Yes, I am. Where is he?\" She argued and followed, hoisting her bag over her shoulder. \"You're fucking looking at him. I didn't ask for a new driver.\" He said. \"Well you got one.\" She stated firmly. \"Who fucking told you this, hu? Who?\" He spun with his hands on his hips. She stood firm and tried not to show her intimidation. She pointed to the man who was luckily out of the tent. Collier seemed to sigh in defeat. \"How fuckign old are you, you can't be old enough to be enlisted.\" His tone seemed less aggressive but still firm. \"Twenty, sir.\" She said. He looked at her, studying her. She had to fight the urge to fidget. \"Name.\" He said. It took her off guard for a minute. \"Hu?\" \"Name. What's your name?\" He said impatiently. \"Oh, uh Jack Edwards, sir.\" She said and stuck her hand out to shake his hand. \"How long have you been here?\" He did not shake her hand. \"Four months.\" She said quietly. He nodded. \"You know how to shoot?\" She nodded. He turned and pointed to a tank that had the name Fury painted on it. \"Home. That is your new home until you leave, die or the war ends. Do what you are told, don't get attached.\" He said. She nodded. Don't get attaatched. That either meant he was going to try to get her transferred or people out there died quickly. Jack was guessing both. He walked away and she headed to the tank. Three men were working on it. Two were up top with the guns and one was on the ground watching them, humming. It looked like they were taking apart the guns. She approached the one on the ground. He had a mustache and a cigarette hanging from his mouth. \"Hey. I'm Jack Edwards. I'm the new driver.\" The man turned to her and raised an eyebrow. \"Seargant Collier sent me over here. What can I do to help?\" She asked firmly, hoping to be able to show she isn't dead weight. The other two jumped down. The Hispanic man walked behind her. She felt him try to grab her bag. The moment she felt it move, she stepped back and elbowed him in the gut. \"Don't touch my shit.\" She threatened quietly. He backed off and the other two men chuckled. The one in suspenders spoke. \"He sure showed you, Gordo.\" \"Shut the fuck up man.\" Gordo said quietly. \"Now hold on, no reason to get so worked up.\" The man with the mustache said. \"Just trying to help is all.\" She did not believe him. \"Where you from? Missouri?\" She shook her head. \"Naw, he's from Alabama.\" The one in overalls suggested. \"Pennsylvania. Out in bum-fuck nowhere.\" She said. \"No one gives a fuck.\" The overalls man said. sHe glared at him and sighed through her nose. The lord was testing her patience. She looked down and tried to count to ten. \"Lord give me strength.\" She muttered. \"Hey, Bible, you got a praying man!\" Gordo said and tapped him on the arm. \"What kind? Catholic? Protestant?\" He asked and tossed his finished cigarrete to the ground. \"Episcopalian. Born and raised.\" She said and shifted her bag to her other shoulder. He nodded. \"You go to tank school?\" He asked next. \"Do you ask everyone all these questions?\" She retorted. She was cold, tired, hungry, and felt as if her fingers were going to fall off. The three men laughed. \"Only those I have to work with.\" \"No. Never been, never even heard of it. I got my practice out on the front. Crash course, you could say.\" She said irritably. \"Been doing that four almost four months.\" The men nodded. The man in overalls stepped to the side and hit the tank. \"This is gonna be your seat. Climb on in and have a look. We just fixing up some electrical work right now.\" He said and climbed back up the tank. The other two went about what they were doing and Jack, the girl, climbed in. It was tight, but not too tight. If there had been another person there before her, you wouldn't really be able to tell much. All of his personal stuff had been cleared out. She was personalizing her area. Her small Saint Christopher pendant was hanging from the ceiling. On the small chain was the pendant and a small cross. On the wall was a small picture of her family and her sister's family. There was a small picture beneath them that just held a small boy's smiling face. He was no older than seven. There was a picture of her and the boy but she kept it hidden in her pocket. That picture had her with her long hair and girl clothes. She sat staring at the little boy for a while until she heard a lot of noise from a lot of people. She climbed up through her hatch to see Bible restraining her Seargant and men escorting an SS officer away. She guessed Collier had attacked him. She thought Bible should just let him kill the fucker. As the SS officer was escorted past her, he glanced her way and she spat in his dierection. They were awful people. She hoped every last one burned. Collier turned to her. \"SS Officer. You kill every last one, you hear me? They're real assholes.\" She nodded. \"Trust me I know. Fucking bastards.\" She said. The man in overalls, Grady, climbed up there with her. \"Hell yeah. That's what I'm fucking talking about. Gonna go kill us some Nazi sum bitches,\" he hollered after a man had ordered them to head out. \"Mount up! Move out!\" She heard the call. She climbed back in and got settled. Gordo got in the seat next to her. They nodded at each other. Drivers were drivers, they had a universal language all to their own. One would rest, the other would drive. That's the unspoken way of it. He decided to let her take the first shift of driving, so she could get a feel of the tank. She didn't mind. She wanted something that would take up her focus. Anxiety and fear began rising in her gut like always. The tension hardly ever subsided. They drove for a while, the tank moving slowly and steadily. It was cold and she flexed her fingers that had gone stiff. The joints in her fingers had frozen and tensed up. The tank provided little warmth and her gloves had been long gone. She had a scarf back in December but she gave that to a small child. She flexed her hands and swore. \"Son of a bitch.\" She muttered quietly. \"God Dammit.\" \"Hey, now. Don't be using the Lord's name in vain.\" Bible said mockingly. \"What's wrong?\" Collier asked from his standing position in a relaxed tone, still looking out of the tank. \"Nuthin' sir. Hands are fucking freezing to the controls.\" She said. \"Well, why don't you use your gloves now, dumb ass.\" Grady mocked and nudged the back of her head with his foot. \"My gloves are holier than your friend Bible here. I had to toss 'em. They got burned up.\" She said. \"How the fuck did you manage that?\" Grady asked while he smoked a cigarrete. \"My leg was on fire. My gloves were on my hands. I tried to get the fire out. Burned through and burned my hands a bit. Nothing serious. Jut annoying for a while.\" She said and shrugged. \"Damn, son. Coulda burned alive.\" She nodded to what Grady said. The group rode in silence for a while. Around two in the afternoon, when it was warmest, she woke Gordo up so he could take a turn driving. She popped her hatch and sat on top, joining Grady, Bible and Collier in the little bit of sun shine they could get. She stuck her hands in her pockets. The sun had come out and she let it warm her face. \"Edwards. You from PA right?\" Collier asked. She nodded. \"How did a farmer get into the army. Don't we need you guys growing food for us back home?\" He asked. She had to think carefully on how she answered. She wasn;t really needed at the farm so her leaving wasn't a big deal in terms of finding a replacement. Back in America, she was a woman. She was a woman with no future. At least here she ment something, could do something, make a change. \"Parents own the farm. I just worked there. Few months before I joined, my sister and her husband were arrested in Germany.\" She began. She was interrupted. \"The fuck were they doing here?\" Grady asked, assuming they were Nazi sympathizers. \"Shut up and I'll tell ya.\" She bit at him defensively and shot him a glare. \"They were smuggling Jews outta Germany. SS caught them and gunned down everyone on sight, from what I heard.\" She said. There was an awkward silence from the three men, not sure what to say for a few minutes. \"I'm sorry about your sister and her husband.\" Collier offered. She shrugged and began looking for her cigarettes. She finally found them and began smoking. \"Worst part was, they have a kid. He's only seven but he's an adorable little shit. Sweetest kid.\" She said and ducked back into the tank. She gently peeled off his picture and stood outside again. She handed it to Bible. \"His name's Norman. He still doesn't know they're dead. No one knows how to tell him. All he knows is that they haven't come back. I told him I'd bring them home. He's with my parents at the farm.\" The three passed the picture around. Collier got it last and nodded when he handed the picture back to her. \"He's the reason I'm here. I wanna do my part in the war so it'll end before he has to go.\" She stated honestly. Everything she said was the truth. She was glad she didn't have to lie. She hated it, always worrying if people would see through it. \"Cute kid.\" Bible offered. She nodded and crouched down to put his picture back on the walls. She sat back on the outside of the tank and listened to the men talking. They were a riot, talking about who God can save, if some Nazi were going to heave, if Hitler would fuck someone for a chocolate bar. It was nice, she had missed the banter. When the wind began to pick up she climbed back down into the tank. She missed the warm fire in her living room. It was days like this when she would sit next to it with a good book. She left her hatch open so fresh air could come in and blow out the smell of sweat and smoke. She watched as clouds rolled overhead and darkened. Rain was coming. When the rain did finally come, she closed her hatch reluctantly. \"Does it ever stop raining here?\" She asked after it closed. Grady laughed. \"Naw, it's fucking hell here. Can't be having nice weather here.\" He said and kicked her shoulder. She sighed and rested her head against the wall, trying to get some shut eye. She hadn't been sleeping well lately. Most nights she found herself waking up in a panic. She would be looking at one of the men in her first platoo and he would eplode right in front of her. Some nights she woke up screaming. It wasn't often, but it was often enough for her to want to stop sleeping in an attempt to avoid it. After about an hour, the rain stopped and the sun bean to peak through. She found herself back on the outside of the tank, talking to Bible. The tanks they were traveling with were in open field and the tree lines were out of range for even the tanks to reach. No one expected bullets to begin to rain down on them. Jack jumped when a bullet ricoched off the tank next to her hand. Everyone began yelling and swearing. She jumped down and slammed her hatch shut, heart racing wildly. Grady followed Bible through their hatch and began firing up the canonPeople began yelling and they fired up the tanks. She rotated her gun towards the field. \"I don't see 'em! Where they shooting from?\" Gordo yelled. Jack scanned the field. When she saw where the bullets were coming from, she honed in. \"Found 'em.\" She said and fired in short bursts. She continued until she was sure they were out. She moved on to the next group. The other tanks were firing as well. Her and Gordo decided to see who could get the most. \"Gordo, let's see who can get the most. Pack of smokes to the person who gets the most.\" She wagered. \"Aw, yeah. Be prepared to pay up, man.\" Gordo said confidently. The line of tanks were able to quickly get rid of the Nazi's hiding in the trenches they hid under grasses. It took fifteen minutes tops. Eventually she heard the order to cease fire, followed quickly by an all clear. Jack sighed in relief and leaned back in her chair. \"Not bad, kid.\" Gordo said to her. She smiled and pulled the bill of her hat down a bit in thanks. \"Alright boys, let's go see what we can find.\" Collier said. Jack grabbed her gun and pulled herself out of the tank. She hopped off and slowly began sweeping the field, making sure the Nazi soldiers were dead. So far none were alive and it saddened her. Most of them seemed to be kids. There was an adult in every other trench but for the most part it was just young teens. Just fucking kids. \"This is fucked up.\" She said. Grady had come up next to her as she dropped one of the trench covers onto the ground next to her. \"Sure as hell is. What kind of a fucked up bastard does this?\" He said. The two moved on, looking at the bodies on the ground. No one wanted to jump into the trenches but she saw a few brave souls doing it. The two walked past the uncovered trench. They had begun heading towards the next one when a metallic cling caught Jack's attention. She turned and saw a grenade rolling towards them. \"GRENADE!\" She yelled as she shoved Grady in front of her before throwing both of them to the ground. The grenade had exploded before they could hit the ground completely and she caught some shrapnel. She let out a pained yell and fell next to Grady. The blast had made them both lose temporary hearing and Jack's sight was foggy at best. He was cut up but nothing too serious. Jack had scrapes but she clutched at her side where a small piece of debris had stuck her. It wouldn't be too bad if it was looked at properly. She hoped to God it didn't hit anything serious. She faintly heard gun fire and could see the flashes of the guns. It stopped soon and she could faintly hear someone calling her. Grady's face was above hers and she barely registered him gently tapping her face. She also didn't realize he had turned her over. She blinked to try to get her eyes to work properly. Her ears were ringing and everything sounded muffled. Soon Bible's face appeared and his hand brushed away the hair that had fallen on her forehead and into her eyes. He tried to talk to her but she couldn't hear. She kept blinking and she furrowed her eyebrows. Grady and Bible said something to each other before Bible called over his shoulder to someone. She felt her hands on her side and she tried to look. Her hearing had started to improve quickly, she could hear Bible calling for Collier to grab the first aid kit. She tried to lift her head to see her side but Bible's hand gently forced her to keep her head down. He turned to speak to her. \"Head down.\" Was all she heard. \"Be ok.\" Was what she heard Grady say with a smile. \"Crazy ass sum bitch.\" Jack heard as her hearing got sharper. Her eyesight returned to normal. She lifted a hand to push away Bible's arm and it caught his attention. He turned to her smiling. \"Good, you're ok. Keep your head down.\" He said and Collier came into her line of sight with the med kit. He passed it off to Bible. \"You fit your head on the ground really fucking hard. Be surprised if you don't got a concussion.\" \"First day here and you're getting' yourself blown up.\" Collier said with a small smile. She just gave him a dead stare. \"I'm fine.\" She tried to swat away the hands. The movement jostled her side and her hands went back to the shrapnel sticking out of her and stifled a groan. Grady laughed and pulled her hands away. It wasn't too deep of a cut. Her thick jacket and clothes had helped signifigantly but it did get her. Once it was out, it wouldn't be much of an issue unless it got infected. \"Let's get some of these layers outta the way.\" Bible said. This made her begin to panic and she began to struggle. Collier looked at her, confused as to why she resisted. \"No! I can do it myself! Let me go.\" She insisted as she tried to sit up. \"Stop, you'll fuck it up worse.\" Collier said firmly as he knelt down. Grady held her arms away and Bible was cutting away at her shirt after the jackets were moved out of the way. He ripped the bottom half of the shirt and stopped. The shrapnel had gotten her right under her ribs. It was very shallow, but when Bible ripped the fabric more, it revealed her ribs and the hint of her bra. \"There's no way.\" He mumbled, catching the men's attention. \"No fucking way.\" He said as he looked at Jack who stared back at him in worry. Collier noticed it too and sat with his eyebrows raised, slightly shocked. He had his suspicions as to why Jack had no facial hair and his chest was slightly fuller. Gordo ran up and hovered over Bible. \"Holy shit. You're a girl?\" He asked bluntly. She frowned and forced Grady to let go of her. When they removed her shirt, it was very easy to see the feminine curve of her waist. There was too much of a curve for it to be a man's waist. She slowly nodded. \"Oh shit.\" He breathed. \"Holy fuck. Our new driver's a fucking girl!\" Grady said to Collier. Collier sat on his rear silently. \"She fights like a man, too.\" Collier said. He didn't mind having her, but it was odd having a girl fight beside him. They should be home where it's safe. He would have to report it probably and she would probably be removed and sent home. She'd get into a lot of trouble. He wasn't sure what he wanted to do about it yet. She was a good addition, and she didn't seem to be dragging them down. Hell, she outlasted two of her other platoons. Bible set out to removing the fragment from her side. \"This, uh, this is going to hurt.\" He said after clearing his throat, now uncomfortable to be working on a woman. She rolled her eyes. \"You, uh, you can scream if you need to.\" He tried to tell her, let her know they won't judge her. \"Please. I've been in Germany for four months. Don't treat me different just 'cause I'm a girl. Gimme a glove to bite down on.\" She said. Bible helped her get a glove between her teeth. She bit down as hard as she could and took a few deep breaths. \"Ready?\" Bible asked. She nodded. Bible quickly pulled it out and she felt her torso and stomach spams in pain. Her jaw clenched shut on the glove and tried to keep a groan back. It ended up only being a quiet, muffled grunt. She tried to curl in on herself but Bible and Grady kept her from squirming. They didn't want her to rip the muscle or damage it anymore than it was. She blinked her eye and they went wide with pain. It took her a few moments before she could let go of the glove. Bible chuckled as he set the piece of metal down and set to patching up the cut. It wasn't deep but it was wide. Gordo picked up the piece of metal. It was sharp and had rough jagged edges, almost like hooks. \"Damn, girl. You a tough one.\" HE said. She hummed in annoyance. She was in a lot of ain and her patience as nearly gone. Bible cleaned it up as best he could and bandage it as best as he could. \"Keep pressure on it and make sure it don't get infected.\" He said to her. He wasn't meeting her eyes. \"Can you sit up?\" He asked. She tried but it was too painful at the moment. She was sore and shaken up from the blast. Bible finally met her eyes and he and Grady helped her up into a standing position. She thanked them. \"Don't thank me sweat heart, you saved my ass. I should be fucking thanking you.\" He said jokingly as he tried to wrap her arm around his shoulders to help her walk. She pulled her arm away and smiled. At least someone wasn't shocked into silence. \"Thanks, but I can walk. Hit my side not my legs.\" She said and looked around for her hat. She spotted it and walked over to grab it. It had been blown away by the blast. It hurt a bit to walk, but it wasn't anything too bad. She only had a slight limp and she kept her hand on her side, applying pressure. She picked up her hat with difficulty and dusted it off. She turned to Gordo. \"Hey Gordo. You kill him?\" She asked, pointing to the man who threw the grenade. He nodded. \"He doesn't count. I got more than you, I won.\" She stated firmly, referencing their competition. \"Pay up, asshole.\" She said teasingly with a smile. Gordo laughed \"Aw man, I got out gunned by a woman!\" He complained and dug into his pocket. He pulled out and tossed it to her. She was able to catch it with one hand. She was glad. If it had hit the floor, there was a very good possibility it was going to stay there. Grady was laughing and taunting Gordo. Bible shook his head, not approving of the gambling. Collier watched them, how they interacted. She fit in very well with them. It was the quickest they had taken to anyone and she was able to keep up. Making her leave would mean they would get another replacement. It wouldn't sit well with anyone. He lit up a cigarette while he was thinking. \"Glad to see that blast didn't keep you down long.\" He said while standing. \"Go back to the tank and rest up for a bit.\" He ordered. She nodded with a small smile and moved to head back. \"Edwards. What's your real name?\" He asked. She turned and smiled, glad to be able to use her real name. \"Jacqueline Edwards, sir.\" She responded before letting her smile fall. \"You gonna report me?\" She asked nervously. His men looked to him and he thought about it. He shook his head. \"Nah. If they were blind enough to let you in the army in the first place, that's on them. You've made it four months, let's see how long you can make it.\" He said. She smiled in thanks. She would get to stay. She like the platoon she was in. It was the only place she was welcome. When she left, her mother had pitched a fit. If Jack went home, she would not be welcome. Her father had not been so angry, more so worried for her safety. He had already lost one daughter, he did not want to lose another. Her father helped Norman to write to her. According to the last letter, her mother was still unforgiving. She and Gordo began walking back to the tank. She couldn't hide her smile. Her fellow driver seemed to notice and laughed. \"You just got hit by a grenade. Why you so happy?\" He asked. She smiled even bigger. \"I'm alive, for starters. I'm not getting shipped home. You guys are alive. I don't have to try and hide anymore. That's the biggest reason. I just hope you guys don't act any different.\" She admitted at the end. Gordo thought about that. After her saving Grady, they had all come to the conclusion that she belonged, she was family. It was hard to see her as anything but. They might have only known her for a day, but she fit in well She did what she was told and she did damn well at what she did. \"I don't think you have to worry about that, Jack.\" He said as he shoved his hands in his pockets. \"Really?\" She asked hopefully. He nodded. \"Sure. You saved Grady and almost got yourself killed trying to save one of us. You family know kid. No changing that. You get our backs, we get yours. That's how we are.\" He assured her and tapped her shoulder. \"Thanks Gordo.\" She said and he nodded. \"Hey, Gordo, how much farther do you think-\" Her sentence was cut off when the ground beneath her gave out and she let out a shout when she crashed into the trench. Dirt and mud and grasscovered her and she coughed and groaned. \"Jack! You good, man?\" Gordo asked from above. She sat up and looked to him. It was a deep trench. \"Yeah. Getting' tired of being bet up today.\" She said and began removing the bits of wood and earth from her legs. She rolled herself into a crouching position but froze when the SS officer's leg next to her moved. He was laying on his back opposite of her. She had no gun. He did. Gordo had moved on to the next trench after figuring out she was ok. He was only one over, wating for her to climb out. The SS Officer sat up and stared at her wildly. In a flash he reached for his gun. At the same time Jack launched herself at him with a shout. She landed on top of him and struggled for the gun. One of her knees was on his chest and she struggled for the gun. She punched him in the face, hoping he would loosen his grip. The gun was aimed upwards and he pulled the trigger. A bulet went out of the trench and the sound alerted the rest of the American troops. It was a mistake on his part. The struggle in the narrow, soggy trench was awkward and difficult. He tried to role her off but she braced against the wall. One hand kept the gun aimed away from her and she punched him in the face again. He lashed out and struck her jaw while rolling the other way. She fell off of him and into the standing water and mud. He sat and aimed the gun at her. He pulled the trigger but all it did was click. He was out. She smiled in relief. He stood and she launched at him again, smile gone. She had to get rid of him. He swung but he swiped her arm away and kicked her in the gut. She stumbled back and he advanced, knocking her into the water. He put a knee on her chest and forced her down into the mud and water. She was in the deepest part where all the water had pooled. She struggled to keep her head out of the water and swallowed some of the nasty mud water. His hands wrapped around her throat in an attempt to strangle her. In desperation she struck her fist straight up. It hit his nose with enough force to break it. His head snapped back and he loosened his grip. With a grunt she rolled forward and kicked him back. Her foot hit his face and she coughed up some water she had inhaled. Jack pumped on his back. He had landed face down in the mud. She sat on his back and grabbed his hair. She slammed his head into the mud. \"How you that, you son of a bitch!\" She yelled and slammed his head down again. \"This is what you get! Try and fucking drown me, you fucking shit!\" SH slammed his head into the mud when he tried to for her off. She had one knee on his back and the other on the ground. She pressed his head further into the mud and put more weight on the knee that was pinning his back. She was going to suffocate him. She brought his head back up and slammed it again. She was so filled with hate and anger. He was a fucking SS Officer. He could have been the one to gun down her sister. It wasn't likely but she didn't care. She hated him. \"This is what you get! For trying to fucking drown me!\" She yelled and slammed his head. He began to yell and shout, trying to get air as he struggled. She slammed his head. \"For using fucking kids to do your goddamn dirty work!\" She pushed it in deeper before yanking his head up at a painful angle. The SS Officer saw the American troops standing at the top of the trench, watching them, guns lowered but still ready to shoot if needed. Jack didn't notice. She slammed his head down again. \"For killing my friends! You fucking piece of shit! This is what you get!\" She lifted his head briefly. She was keeping him alive long enough for her to let out some pent up anger. \"For those kids! For my friends! For fucking damn near blowing me up!\" She yelled in anger. \"For my fucking sister!\" She yelled. \"You fucking killed her you sick fucking pig!\" She shoved his head down into the mud. \"This is what you fucking get for fucking with us you fucking bastard!\" She yelled and pressed his head even farther into the mud. The officer struggled. She held him down and forced his face deeper into the mud. She sat there, waiting for him to stop moving. It took a few minutes, but eventually, he stopped struggling. She could still feel a pulse in his neck so she kept his head down for a little longer. It was faint but still there. She sat in silene as she felt it slowly fade away. She sat there and counted to thirty before she let go, just to be safe. Once she was sure he was dead, she leaned back and looked up, surprised to see a few soldiers looking back at her. \"How long were you standing there?\" She asked incredulously. Collier smiled a bit. \"For a while.\" He offered. She scowled. \"Why the fuck didn't you help?\" She yelled at them. \"You seemed like you fucking got it.\" Grady laughed at her. She glared at him and stood. She was covered in mud. Collier and Bible knelt down and offered hands out to her, wich she took. The trench was a good foot deeper than her. She wondered how the kids were supposed to get out. Or maybe the SS Officers knew it would be their grave. They pulled her out of the trench and Grady slapped her back. \"Damn, son. Who knew you'd be such a fucking blood thirsty little shit!\" He exclaimed loudly. She brushed her hair back. It was cut very similar to Collier's, so she still had hair in her face at times. The soldiers began to disperse. Collier stepped towards her. \"You forgot your gun.\" He said sternly but with a small smile. \"Don't fucking lose it again.\" He ordered. She nodded. \"Yes, sir.\" She replied. He nodded to her. The small upturn of his lips made her pleased. He approved of her behavior in the trench. She would get along with him fine. Her last Sergeant didn't like how aggressive she was. It may have been because he knew she was a girl though. They went back to their tank and someone shouted out the orders to roll out. She turned and looked at the destroyed field as they left. A part of her mourned for the kids they had to kill. Another burned with rage and anger and hate. She slipped back into her seat. \"Hey, wipe your face, kid.\" Gordo said and tossed a bandana at her. She nodded in thanks and used it to try to get some of the mud off her face. She wondered if maybe she should leave it, make herself look more like a young man. She shook her head. It didn't mater anymore. Her seargant knew and that's all that really matters. He was the highest rank in the tank. She tossed the bandana back with a thanks. She leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes. She needed some sleep. So this is the first chapter. What do you think? LEt me know and I'm not sure if i will be doing a pairing. If there is one, who do you guys want to see her with?[Chapter 2] Hell Hath None Chapter two Ok first of all, to those who review, yall damn near made me cry. I am having a crappy day and I need sleep but you guys are being so encouraging and loving and you guys think this is an amazing story. Like all I ever wanted from this site was to hear exactly what you guys are saying and it just really helped me out today. Thank you guys so much I hope this chapter is to your liking. And please feel free to put in plot suggestions! Jack woke up to Grady kicking her shoulder. She groan and sat up straight. Her side was still very sore. While she slept, they had arrived at a small town. It was completely deserted. They couldn't even find German soldiers. It probably had something to do with the fact that all of the buildings were in ruins. It was a literal ghost town. \"There ain't even a dead body.\" Grady said looking around. Gordo agreed. \"Yeah, man. It's fucking creepy.\" Jack saw this opportunity to scare the two. She snuck up silently behind her group and breezed past them, right in between Gordo and Grady. \"Looks like home to me.\" She said eeirily. None of them heard her coming and Grady and Gordo jumped a bit. \"Damn, girl, you sure you ain't some monster from hell or something?\" Gordo asked. \"You don't act like no normal girl.\" Jack looked over her shoulder and tilted her head, flashing a toothy grin. She did not answer. She heard Collier chuckling and the group split up to check the area, just to be sure. Bible, Collier and Jack entered a nearby building that still had the first floor intact. Jack headed into the kitchen while the boys checked a few other rooms. Once she found it clear, she began looking in the cupboards and pantry for food. She found canned beef and canned vegetables. In the pantry she found a few good potatoes. Perfect. She soon set about looking for a large pot. \"What are you doing?\" Collier's voice sounded from the doorway. She spun and saw Bible and Collier standing there, watching her with amused expressions. She smiled at them. \"I found some food in the cupboards and pantry. Thought I'd make us some real food.\" She explained as she tested the tap for water. Somehow, a little bit still came through. She got just enough and set about making them a good dinner. \"Well, I sure as hell ain't gonna argue.\" Bible said and left to go gather Grady and Gordo. Collier stood in the doorway. She placed the potatoes in water and somehow managed to light the stove. It may sound like she was working in a fully functional kitchen, but that was a lie. There were only two cabinets still on the wall and a small section of the counter near the sink remained. She had to step over many piles of debris to get from the sink to the stove, and even more to get to the half destroyed pantry. The stove was the only thing that appeared untouched. It was an interesting scene. Now if only there was an apron. Collier stepped into the kitchen and starting scanning the debris for an apron. She looked over her shoulder to him. \"What you looking for?\" She asked and she pulled out her large knife to start working on the cans. Collier did not look up from the ground. \"Looking for an apron.\" He stated teasingly. She sent him a glare as she struggled with the can. \"If you find it, you can wear it. I'm not going to wear a stupid apron in a half destroyed kitchen when I'm dressed as a soldier.\" She insisted. She yanked the knife out of the can and they heard the other three men entering the house. Jack stabbed another can. \"The upstairs is completely destroyed. In the study behind the drawing room, there is still a chaise. You can stay there for the night.\" He told her as he leaned against the counter net to the sink. She glanced his way. \"I can stay with you guys the night. I'll be fine. I've been sleeping with men for the last few months-\" She stopped for a beat after she realized what she had just said. Her face went red as a tomato and Collier gave her a humorous look. \"I mean! That's not-\" she stuttered before scowling and glaring daggers at her Sergeant. \"Oh, you know what I mean!\" She huffed and turned back to her can of vegitables, struggling with her knife and the can. Collier watched her, still smirking. The two turned their attentions to the doorway where they heard heavy footsteps clomping in their directions. Grady appeared with a big grin on his face. \"Aw, shit! We gonna get some real fuckin' food tonight!\" He called down the hall energetically as he jogged away. Collier and Jack could hear Gordo yelling in the sitting room excitedly. Jack smiled to herself at how easy it is to please these guys. In her last platoon, they were very serious, no-nonsense. They didn't care if they were eating gourmet food or dirt, the reaction was the same. They were such a boring and stuck up group. There were other issues she had with them, but none pertaining to food. She was glad this unit liked good food. It was the easiest way to make them happy usually. Who doesn't like food? She thought to herself and yanked the knife out of the can. When she finished with the cans she set about trying to pull the metal upwards. In retrospect, she should have used the knife to help her. Because of the water in the can, she could not get a good grip on the metal. Her hand slipped and skid across the metal. She swore loudly as she put her hand over the sink quickly. Collier saw her looking for something around her to wipe the blood and maybe use it as a bandage. He approached her and pulled out a rag. \"Lemme see you hand.\" He said and grabbed her wrist without her approval. He set his gun down and took his small bag off his shoulders. He dug around and pulled out the first aid kit. Jack still held her hand over the sink and turned on the water. It came out slowly but it was enough to start washing the blood. \"Gimme your hand.\" She heard him say. She turned and looked at her Sergeant and froze when she saw the bottle of iodine in his hands. He noticed her look of fear and tried not to laugh. \"What, don't tell me you scared of it.\" He asked. \"I'm fine, I don't need it.\" She said firmly and began washing her cut. Collier walked towards her. \"No fucking way. I'm not having one of my damn drivers die because they didn't clean their fucking cut.\" He paused and looked at her side. \"Should probably put it on your side, too.\" She stepped away from the sink and Collier advanced. He grabbed her arm and wrapped hit under his arm and held on tightly. Jack struggled and kicked at the wall, trying to get away from the sink. Collier undid the bottle. \"Stop fucking complaining. You just got a big chunk of shrapnel pulled out of you. Why the fuck didn't you freak out then?\" He asked firmly. She kept squirming. \"Hey, hey, hey. You still want to be treated like a man?\" He asked and looked at her. She glared. \"Men don't use iodine on their cuts! They suck it up and keep going! I am fine with that!\" She tried to yank her arm free and Collier laughed at her quietly. Boyd, Grady and Gordo were in the sitting room. They had pulled the dinning table out of the ruble from the dining room and dragged it into that room. They found a few chairs and set them haphazardly around the table. Bible was looking for some plates to use in the mostly destroyed dining room. Grady and Gordo sat on the couch smoking cigaretes and passing a bottle of something back and forth. All three jumped when they heard a quick, pained shout. They quickly made their way to the kitchen and saw Collier holding her arm over the sink and pouring iodine over it. The three men laughed at Jack. That evening, the five sat at a table and passed around the pot of food. She had tried to bake it all together but the oven wouldn't work so she cooked it over the stove. The men didn't mind, they just wanted something good to eat. She watched happily as they enjoyed their dinner. Someone had found a few bottles of wine and opened them up. It was a nice quiet evening inside their make shift home. Outside they could hear men being loud and obnoxious. Jack perked up when she heard someone do a mail call. \"I got it. Be right back.\" She said as she hopped up from her seat. She was out the door before anyone could say anything. Collier looked to her seat and saw she left her gun. Again. \"Goddamit.\" He said and stood. He grabbed her gun but before he could do anything, a bullet whizzed past his head. All four men hit the floor. \"Shit!\" They cursed. Jack was running towards the man who held their mail. He turned to her and was about to ask her name when a bullet ripped through his neck. Blood sprayed onto Jack as she hit the floor. To her left was the tank. She quickly rolled under it and cursed herself for forgetting her gun. Collier was going to rip her a new one. She looked above her and saw the hatch she could use. She opened it and sat up. As a grenade rolled past her she hoisted herself up and rolled away from the hatch to the other end of the tank and held a hand over her ears. The blast shook the tank and dirt and shrapnel flew into the tank. She was not hit. The grenade was not directly under the hatch. The blast disoriented her a bit and she shook her head to try and get her sight and hearing to work again. When she got her bearings she closed the hatch and slid into her seat. \"Jack's under the tank.\" Bible shouted. He saw her duck and roll. Collier found himself sighing in relief. \"I'm gonna fucking rip her a new one after this!\" Collier yelled and Bible smiled. She did need to stop leaving her gun. The men rolled to the other side of the room where there were no windows. They could still see outside through them but they would not be seen. They heard a grenade go off. Bible looked out the window and felt himself go cold. \"Oh, shit.\" HE breathed quietly as smoke and dirt flew from beneath their tank. Collier looked to him and then out to the tank, realization dawning on him. \"No! Goddamnit!\" Grady yelled and hit the yall behind him hard enough to leave a hole. \"Fuck.\" Gordo said quietly. The four watched the tank, their new friend was dead under it. She didn't even last a day. The four quickly put it aside and began firing at the Nazi soldiers they saw. They were silent and they were angry. Jack had quickly made her place in the group and it hurt when anyone they knew got killed. None of them expected one fo the guns from the tank to begin firing. You can imagine their surprise. \"Either she's haunting it, or Jack's alive!\" Gordo yelled excitedly. \"No such thing as ghosts!\" Bible yelled excitedly. \"God's word! She's alive!\" He yelled. The four celebrated loudly and didn't stop even after the enemy had been defeated. The four ran outside and to their tank. Jack was emerging from her hatch and Grady reached up and punched her in the arm. \"You son of a bitch! We thought you was fucking dead!\" He hollered and she smiled at him and climbed out. \"Yeah, we thought you was gone for sure.\" Gordo added. \"Forgot about the hatch at the bottom.\" \"Good thing I didn't then.\" Jack laughed. \"Ma'am, you have God on your side. That's twice you almost got yourself blown up yet here you are.\" Bible said and removed her hat to her. She nodded and laughed with the three before turning to Collier. She hung her had slightly. \"I forgot my gun.\" She said as she put her hands on her hips and kicked the dirt. Collier nodded. \"Fucking told you not to. Boyd, make sure she puts iodine on her side tonight.\" Collier said to Bible before walking back to the house. He wanted to finish his dinner. Jack sighed in defeat before turning to Bible. \"You're name's Boyd?\" She asked. \"What, did you think it was actually Bible?\" He teased she laughed and shook her head. \"No. Let's go get this stupid iodine done with.\" She said as the four went back to the house. Before they could a few men came up to her and the group of men. One man was talking with War Daddy off in the distance. \"Damn, girl, who said women shouldn't be in the army!\" One man said and clapped her on the arm. She looked at him, shocked and in fear of getting reported. Her jaw hung open and Gordo laughed. \"What, did you think our yelling about it would go unnoticed? You don't exactly act like a boy.\" Gordo said. Jack just stared at him, jaw open, as a few more men came over. Apparently, everyone they were traveling with knew she was a girl. Some had figured it out before she got blown up, some were just now learning the news. Later in the evening, the guys started claiming spots to sleep. Sergeant Collier put his stuff on the couch. Jack had picked a corner and set her stuff down. She was going to use her bag as a pillow. Grady walked over and pulled her bag out from under her head. She smacked her head on the floor. \"Ow! What the hell!\" She yelled as she stared up at Grady. \"The fuck you on the floor for?\" He nudged her with his foot. \"Get up.\" He urged. She sat and glared at him. \"I'm fucking sleeping here. Give me my shit back.\" She demanded. \"Edwards, go sleep in the study.\" Collier ordered. She stood, outraged. \"Why the hell should I?\" She challenged. Collier marched over to her. \"Because I said so. I'm not having a woman sleeping on the floor when she can have a decent spot to sleep.\" He argued. Jack scowled. She thought there was going to be a problem. \"Why? Why can't Gordo or Grady or fucking Boyd take it!\" She challenged. Collier stared her down. She stood firm and glared at him. \"I am Jack. You call me Jack. This morning you looked about ready to bite my head off!\" She turned to Grady. \"You're the one who shot me down when I tried to say where I was from. Gordo, you tried to take my shit. You do that to a woman back home? No? Didn't think so! Bible, you are the only one who is even remotely close to treating me the same way! But you still try to act likea fucking gentleman!\" She yelled. She turned back to Collier. He had stood still besides to shift his weight to his rear foot. \"This morning you thought I was a man! Nothing has changed!\" She yelled. \"The only thing that changed is the fact that I got metal in my side!\" She finished. She didn't mean to go all out and rip their heads off but her patience had been running thin. All day they had tried to remember their manners and be more gentlemanly. Grady stopped nudging her head in the tank. Gordo insisted he drive and let her rest. Even Collier had been nicer and less intimidating. She didn't want to say anything but she was so tired of it. \"No more gentlemen. Treat me like you would treat anyone else. Trust me I can handle it. I'm pretty durable in case you haven't noticed!\" She stated and put her hands on her hips. Collier looked at her and she could see him exhale in defeat. He was wrong and he knew she had a point. \"Get the fuck over it girl. All you women do is bitch and-\" Grady began but was cut off when Jack pulled back and punched him as hard as she could. He stumbled back. \"You shut up! I'll fucking rip your throat out! You ass!\" She yelled at him. \"DO I fucking punch like girl?\" She asked. She kicked out her foot and kiked him in the gut. \"Do I fucking kick like a girl?\" She challenged. \"Grady. She just bitched us out for treating her like a girl. Do you learn nothing man?\" Gordo asked. Grady had doubled over. \"Shut up, man.\" He groaned. Collier picked up the bag and tossed it back in Jack's corner. \"Fine. Sleep on the floor.\" He said and turned to go back to his couch. She briefly worried that she had pissed him off, but quickly dismissed her guilt. She didn't really care. She just wanted to be treated as an equal. Was that so much to ask? If he had an issue that was on him. Her first platoon understood it and this group doesn't seem like her second one, so hopefully they would get over themselves. Jack got down on the floor and focused on getting some sleep. She put a protective hand over her cut on her side. She curled in on herself and used her coat as a blanket. She could hear the guys settling down and heard Grady and someone (probably Gordo) pushing each other around. Before long they all settled down or at least got quieter. Bible leaned against the couch and smoke a cigarette while reading his bible. About an hour later he heard Sergeant Collier grunt and roll over. He dug out his cigarettes and tossed it up to Collier. Her heard the man shift and light one. The cigarette pack landed back in his lap. He put it away before speaking. \"Still not sleeping good?\" He asked. Collier grunted. \"I know what you mean. I know we've been at this since Africa, but even four months is enough to mess with someone. How is she sleeping?\" Bible commented. Collier sat up, leaning on one of his elbows. \"Aren't you supposed to be the one with answers, now?\" Collier asked. \"You're the one who's married.\" Bible nodded and twisted his wedding ring on his finger. His wife was still with him, even though he hasn't been home in so long. \"You were married, too.\" Bible said quietly. Collier nodded. \"Yeah, look how well that turned out.\" Collier said gruffly. Both men jumped slightly at the sudden sound in the corner. Collier had his hand reaching for his gun until he realized it was just Jack. She had bolted upright and kicked the wall in the process. They could hear her inhale sharply and her alarmed eyes scanning the room. Collier sat up and Boyd put his Bible down. They both had seen this before and recognized the reactions. \"Looks like you were right. Four months does get to ya.\" Collier commented before whistling sharply. Jack Jumped and twitched in her panicked state and her head snapped to them. Collier had his hand moving to tell her to relax. \"Jack, you doin' ok?\" Bible asked slowly and quietly. Jack stared at them. Bible tried again. \"Jack?\" She looked at Bible. Jack had began scanning the room again. \"You good?\" She nodded. \"Yeah.\" She said and leaned against the wall. She tried to calm her breathing. She had just seen her best friend get blown up. This must have been the hundredth time. Nothing was different. It still scared the shit out of her. She closed her eyes and tried to get some sleep. It must have worked because the next thing she knew, Grady was knelt down and shaking her leg. \"Rise and shine buddy.\" He said loudly. She sat up straighter, she had fallen asleep sitting up and took the cup of coffee Grady had offered her. \"Grady, you're a saint.\" She said to him. She couldn't remember the last time she had a cup. Boyd had been up for a while and made some. \"Alright boys. Mail. They got the letters that survived last night.\" Collier said as he walked in. \"Grab it and your gear. We gotta move out.\" He ordered and dropped the mail on the table. \"Been called a lot but ain't ever been called a saint before.\" Grady laughed. \"It's 'cause you act like an animal.\" Boyd said as he sipped his coffee and opened his mail. \"The fuck did you just say to me?\" Grady threatened and moved forward. Gordo passed him and smacked his letter to his chest, stopping him in his advancing. Gordo past him and walked over to Jack who was picking herself off the ground. Gordo handed her the letter. It was from her nephew. She smiled and put it in her pocket. She would read it in the tank. The five of them made their way to their tank quickly, the sound of bombs echoing through the empty town like thunder. The next day, after they had left the town, the five were riding through Germany in their tank, followed by a few other tanks. Jack was driving whle Gordo got some rest. They day had been pretty uneventful which everyone was grateful for. Boyd was reading from his Bible (go figure), Grady and Collier were talking about something, Jack had tuned them out. \"Hey Boyd, sing me something.\" Grady demanded. \"Sing one o' your preachy hymns.\" He laughed. Boyd looked up and stared at Grady. \"Which one? I know a whole slew.\" Boyd asked as he leaned back in his seat, setting his Bible down. \"Oh, I don't know, surprise me.\" Grady said. Boyd frowned. That wasn't really helpful. \"Boyd, don't sing anything. If he don't know what he wants he won't get anything.\" Collier said, while keeping a look out. It was raining and they all hid in their tanks. Jack decided to speak up. \"Do you know the hymn I Know A Rose Tree Springing?\" She asked. Boyd shook his head. \"No I do not.\" She wasn't surprised. Her church used an old hymn book. \"If you know it, you can sing it. Be nice to hear someone else sing for a change. \"I like that idea.\" Grady agreed. \"C'mon, sing us something.\" He said and nudged the back of her head. \"No, I can't sing.\" She tried to brush them off and regretted saying anything. \"Anyone can sing better than Boyd. Hearing him for the past two years gets old.\" Collier said. \"No, trust me. I don't sing. I just sing in church when everyone else is louder than me.\" She said. She really didn't want to sing. \"Hey, Jack. Would you sing for a chocolate bar?\" Grady asked and nudged her head again. Jack laughed, it reminded her of him asking if Hitler would fuck them for a chocolate bar. \"Sure, Grady, sure. Too bad you don't have one.\" She said. A few seconds later something hit the back of her head and Grady hollered. \"He don't but I got one.\" Collier said. She turned and saw the chocolate bar on the floor. Jack stared at Collier in disbelief. Traitor. \"Go on. Sing it. Sing something.\" He said and leaned back. \"Don't worry. We won't tell anyone when your voice breaks something.\" Grady teased. Jack sighed and rolled her eyes. She began humming to tune that always played before the singing started. \"I know a rose tree springing, from an ancient root…\" She began to sing. The men listened and Gordo had woken up. They listened as she sang the slow hymn and they enjoyed every minute of it. When she finished, Bible began clapping at her proudly. Collier gave a small clap, too. \"Damn, girl. What else can you sing?\" Grady asked. She glared at him. \"I'm not singing anything else.\" She said firmly. She jumped when Gordo spoke. \"Aw, c'mon. Sing something.\" HE begged. She thought about it for a moment. She enjoyed singing, but she didn't sing in front of people. \"Fine, but as long as I'm singing, you're driving.\" She said to Gordo. \"Worth it.\" He agreed and took over driving. She began another hymn. It was called All Things Bright and Beautiful. It was a happier song usually sung around Easter or spring. After a while she even had to sing some Christmas carols and Amzagin Grace. \"I know a few others ,but they aren't hymns.\" She said apologetically. They assured her it was ok. She thought on what she should sing. \"Oh of all the money, that ere I had, I spent it in good company.\" She began as she leaned back in her seat. \"And all the harm that ere I've done alas it was to none but me. And all I've don't for want or wit, to memory now I can't recall so fill to me the parting glass. Goodnight and joy be with you all.\" She paused. She turned to her group. ` \"Oh of all the commarades that ere I had, they are sorry for my going away and all the sweat hearts that ere I had they would wish me one more day to stay.\" She turned to face Boyd at the next line. \"But since it falls unto my Lord that I should rise and you should not, I'll gently rise and ill softly call good night and joy be with you all.\" She sat back in her seat. \"A man may drink and not be drunk,\" She looked to Grady. \"A man may fight and not be slain,\" She looked at Gordo and smiled. \"A man may court a pretty girl,\" She looked at her sergeant with a fake serious look. \"And perhaps be welcome back again.\" She smiled and tried not to laugh. \"But since it has some where to be, my time to rise and a time to fall, come fill to me the parting glass, goodnight and joy be with you all. Good night and joy be with you all.\" She finished. There was silence in the tank for a few moments before she spoke again. \"I'm hungry.\" She said quietly and Grady and Gordo laughed. \"Eat your damn chocolate bar.\" Grady said teasingly. She grabbed it and stuffed it in her bag. \"Why ain't you eating it?\" \"Maybe I wanna save it. Maybe I need to bribe someone else to sing for once!\" She huffed. \"What was that song called?\" Gordo asked. \"Parting Glass. My dad used to sing it all the time.\" She explained. There was silence for a few seconds. \"Jack? I've been meaning to ask, what's with the scarring on your stomach?\" Boyd asked. \"You said you got burned but that scaring is too old to be from you burn.\" Collier and Grady turned to look at her. She had slightly frozen and gone pale. \"You don't have to say if you don't want to.\" Boyd explained. She shook her head. \"No. It's ok.\" She paused and sighed. \"Right out of highschool, my boyfriend proposed. We were going to get married the winter after graduation. A few months before the ceremony, he was giving me a lift back home. It had been snowing and the roads were icy. In retrospect, I should have told him to slow down. We went around a turn too fast and he slid off the round and the car flipped around when it rolled down the hill. We hit a fence and it went right through the wind shield.\" She paused and the men listened patiently. \"He was dead. Broke his neck. One of the posts had gone through me. Not all the way. The doctors had to take out uterus, it was too damaged. So, I lost my future husband and any hope of having kids.\" She said lightly as if it had been no big deal. Gordo looked at her. \"Damn. I don't know what to say to that.\" He spoke honestly. He stared at her. She offered him a small smile. \"You don't have to say anything. It was a few years ago.\" She offered. \"I was wondering why you ain't back home, looking for a man to marry.\" Grady said from his spot. \"Shouldn't 'ave just given up like that.\" He said bluntly. \"Trust me, I tried. No one wants a girl who can't have kids. At least not where I'm from. No where really for me to work, too. Except the farm and I don't really want to get old just working there. So I came here.\" She admitted. \"Where you have no future.\" Collier said, realizing something. He looked away from his little windows and looked at her knowingly. She met his stare. \"You came here to die.\" She stared at him, silent for a moment, just realizing it for herself. It was a grim thought. \"Yeah. But it hasn't really worked so far.\" She smiled and joked. Grady and Gordo snickered. Bible smiled. \"And it's not gonna if we have anything to say about it. Don't you worry, ma'am. We'll get you home and get you a future. Man or no man, that's up to you. But we will get you home.\" Bible assured. \"Man, she ain't gonna want anyone back in the states. She been through war. She tough like us. Better be a pretty good som' bitch before she even looks his way.\" Grady joked, but he wasn't wrong. If she made it home, her choice in men would be much more challenging to fit. She would be even pickier if that was possible. \"So, Bible.\" She stated, wanting to change topics and get to know her guys better. \"Tell me about your wife.\" The day went on with them getting to know each other and being ambushed twice. They settled down for the evening and rotated someone on watch with some of the other men from the other groups. The next day she was able to read her letter. It was a nice day so they sat on top of the tank. She read them what her nephew had written with her father. She wrote back, describing her new group and even got them all to sign it for Norman. When they got to a base a few days later, she gave it to be shipped out. Weeks went by in a blur. She had gotten to know them very well and they learned a bit more about her. They dealt with good days and they helped each other through the rough days. They got her to sing a few more times and she even sang some songs with Bible. They sounded pretty good together. On one of the days where they had nothing to do but sit around, Boyd had convinced her to teach Grady how to dance. It was pretty funny to see but she helped him get the hang of it pretty quickly. It probably did not help that most of them were slightly intoxicated by then. She had settled in well with them and even got pretty close to Collier. He had approached her one day about her nightmares. He could empathize with her and shared his own nightmare with her. She understood completely. She had unfortunately also gotten the boys into a habbit of hugging her. She really didn't mind, she like them, but sometimes she just wanted to be left on the ground. They were paused at a base and one of the men from Jack's first platoon was there. He picked her up in a hug and she hugged him back. It was good to see him again. After he left to go do his job, she returned to her group. \"Why you huggin' him?\" Grady asked as he fiddled with something. \"One of my friends from the first platoon I worked with.\" She explained. \"How come you never hug one of us?\" Gordo asked teasingly. Jack laughed. \"You never asked.\" She said as she walked over and hugged Gordo. He hugged back. Grady walked over and picked her up in a bear hug and spun her around. The two laughed. Collier returned then. \"The hell are you two doing?\" He asked, trying to fight a smile. \"She givin' out free hugs, man. No chocolate bars needed.\" Boyd answered through his chuckling. Jack turned to Collier, arms open. \"You want one two, War Daddy?\" She joked. He smiled. \"Why don't you kill me an SS officer, then we'll talk.\" She smirked, up for a challenge. \"Deal.\" She said as she climbed into the tank. The day after, when they were done taking a town, she approached Collier with the badge of an SS Officer. \"I'm here to collect.\" She said with a smirk. Collier laughed quietly and gave her a one armed hug. Now, when they were on down time and messing around, they would sneak up behind Jack and pick her up in a hug. Grady would spin her so that she fell over when he set her down. They were so easily entertained. The weeks flew by and they fought battles. They lost good people and took over towns. They were dirty and tired but that wasn't any different from when she first came into the group. Nothing out of the ordinary happened until her platoon and two other tanks were headed to a town that was two days away. They had stopped next to an old farm house for the night. Everyone settled down for the night near or in their tanks. There was a tree line near them on all sides. They had checked to make sure no one was hiding before they settled in. No one liked it, but they didn't really have a choice. Three people would stay up and on guard. They would switch every two hours. Jack was shaken awake by Boyd around midnight. It was time for her shift. She got up, grabbed her gun and began walking. She yawned and rubbed her eyes. It was a full moon and for once there were very few clouds. It was nice. Cold, but nice. Her boots squished in the soggy earth and she saw the other two walking around the tree line. She began walking on her own stretch of trees. Halfway through her shift, she heard something moving around in the woods. She froze and listened. She tried to see what was making the noise but couldn't tell if it was human or an animal. She squinted as she saw something dart between the trees. She brought her gun up and slowly made her way into the woods. Jack hadn't gone in deep when someone jumped behind her and grabbed her. Before she could scream to alert the others, the man put his hand around her mouth. She struggled and kicked. A second man fought with her for her gun. She tried to make as much noise as possible. The man holding her forced her onto the ground face first into the dirt. He tied a rag in her mouth and cuffed her hands behind her back. She kicked, trying desperately to do something. \"Jack?\" One of the other guys she was on watch with called into the woods. Everyone turned to see the two soldiers she was on watch with peering into the woods. Without warning, one of the Nazi's opened fire and gunned the unsuspecting soldiers down. Jack screamed but it came out quiet and muffled. The Nazi's began whispering harshly at the man who fired but they picked her up off the ground and forced her to run. The Americans would be waking up at the sound of gunfire and be out looking for them soon. They had to get out of there and they took Jack with them. They took her gun and brought it with them. She couldn't understand what they were saying and for the first time in a long time, she could feel fear rising in her chest.[Chapter 3] Hell Hath None 3- Ghost of You, MCR SO I decided to put chapter titles with songs that relate to the content of the chapters. I changed the others to match. Hope you guys like this one. She had been gone for two months. Collier had been damn near silent for two months, as had his squad. No one approached them to get on them for their excess violence and take no prisoner attitude. Every time they caught an SS Officer, Collier questioned him about Jack and when they got the answer \"Dead\" he had the officer killed. He would not accept that. Boyd would not accept that. Grady would not accept that. Gordo would not accept that. They would keep asking, keep trying. There was no way she would be dead, she wouldn't go that easy. The first week had been hell for everyone. Collier had been furious and taking it out on everyone. He rode Grady harder than usual and bitched out Boyd and Gordo more often. After one particularly nasty day, Boyd approached him about it. \"Don, you been on us a lot more.\" Boyd said quietly to him one night. \"We know you didn't get her killed. She's not even dead.\" Collier sighed and looked at his friend. \"I didn't do anything to save her.\" He said pressing his lips together before bringing a cup of coffee to his mouth. Boyd clapped his arm. \"Nothing we could have done. Damn Germans were hiding. Could have been anyone.\" He said before pausing. \"We'll find her, man.\" He assured. \"We better.\" Collier stated firmly. He let up after that, but they were all quieter and firm. The only time they even came close to smiling was the day they got a letter from her nephew, Norman. He had actually written letters to them as well. They learned he had done it for her first group, too. He was a sweet kid and they enjoyed his and his grandfather's wit. They had responded to him in separate letters, but they had also decided to tell him that Jack had to go do a \"special job where mail can't go.\" Undoubtledly, her parents would be receiving the letter of her death soon. They felt it best to leave it up to the parents to decide what to tell Norman. From what they could tell, her parents kept it quiet because he sent them letters again, along with a letter for her to read when she got back. They all responded in their own letters, promising to give it to her when she got back. Collier kept the letters he sent to her in his inner coat pocket. They refused to believe she was dead. At one point, they men and the tanks entered a town that had a large pile of burning bodies. The flames had died down, leaving chard skeletons and the smell of burnt flesh. It was enough to make even the men of Fury to gag a bit. What they didn't expect to find was a few American soldier's clothes surviving. They had to go through and see if they could find clothing to identify the fallen men. Gordo was the unlucky man to find Jack's hat. He picked it up slowly, his body running cold. \"Guys. Guys, you need to see this. I found her hat.\" He explained as he called over the others. Grady was the first to get to him. He snatched it out of Gordo's hands. \"How the fuck do you know, man?\" He yelled as he looked for a way to tell. Boyd agreed. \"It could be any soldier's hat.\" Bible agreed desperately. Collier took it from Grady and looked inside. Private Jack Edwards Collier sighed through his nose. \"It's hers.\" He said as he briefly showed them the name. Gordo was right. Collier inspected it. There was blood staining it and a bullet hole on the front. The bill had been singed, but not too badly and it was covered in mud. It could be cleaned. \"The fuck are you gonna clean it for? She dead, man. She been dead.\" Grady bit at Collier. He just stared at his loader, calm faced and answered quietly. \"For her nephew.\" Grady backed off. That night, Collier spent his time cleaning the mud and blood out of the hat as best as he could. A part of him believed she was still out there, still alive. The other part of him finally had come to terms that Jacqueline Edwards was dead. Her number came up and God brought her home. And he was so angry that her death had been at the hands of a fucking Nazi soldier. Hadn't they promised her they would get her home? They broke their promise, she was dead. Shot in the head. The gun must have been close to her head, or close enough to leave burn marks. There was no exit would. That bullet that ripped her from this world would stay lodged in her brain tissue. After he finished cleaning it, he climbed inside the tank and put it on her seat. Gordo went to touch it but Collier stopped him, telling him to leave it alone. The tank had broken down and Grady was still trying to fix it. They could all hear the German's coming. The sound of bombs echoed in the distance. \"Coon-ass, any time, sweet heart.\" Collier called out to him. Grady bitched at him, why he's always kicking him and not to calm him that. \"Yeah man, vamanos.\" Grodo said agreeing with War Daddy. Collier and Gordo went at it aout speaking languages. \"You tell him it was for the war, Bible?\" Collier said to Boyd. \"It's for the war Gordo.\" He said automatically. They had had this argument hundreds of time. Jack would usually pitch in her two cents so it was a hollow feeling for everyone when she didn't say anything. How could she? All that was left of her was her hat. \"What country are we in, Boyd?\" Collier asked. \"Germany.\" He said sullenly. \"Right, Germany.\" Collier said as he and Gordo still bitched about languages. Bible sighed. Usually Jack was here to get them to shut up. For the last two months she hasn't. A part of him felt a little better finally knowing, finally having that closure. A part of him didn't want to believe it. \"What the fuck you still kicking me for?\" Grady bit at Collier. Don furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. Bible and Gordo looked to see what was going on. \"I didn't fucking touch you, Grady.\" Collier said firmly. Grady grumbled and went back to fixing the wiring. \"I'm gonna fucking kick you if you don't get us going in a minute, though.\" Collier snapped. Grady grumbled and got the tank running. As they rolled away Grady sat and thought about the kick. It was right where Jack would kick him. She had a habbit of kicking him in the ass any chance she got. It was her retaliation for always getting spun. He spun her so bad once she puked. She was also fighting a stomach bug. Grady almost missed the kicks to the ass. He missed her. They all did. It was odd only having four of them. They were just glad they hadn't been sent a replacement yet. A week after they had found her hat (it was left untouched in her seat) they had been sent to a camp that was near a city. From there they had to go take a neighboring town. The ride was about three days. They were traveling with a caravan of other tanks and trucks of soldiers. It was just another job for the boys, nothing special. They rode quietly to the town. The people they were traveling with knew to leave them be. On the second day, one of the tanks in their group had broken down. They set to working on it as soon as possible. While Grady and Gordo went to help, the rest of the men set up camp for the night. Boyd Sat on a small box while coffee was being made, reading his bible. It was cold and muddy. And to make matter worse, it started raining. If there were no clouds, the sun would be about to set. Sergeant Collier paced slowly, aimlessly next to his tank, smoking a cigarette. Jack was on his mind. How long had she been alive? When did they kill her? What did they do to her? So many questions had been running through his head for over a month. He began to wonder if he had finally lost it. When he saw a familiar silhouette standing at the top of the hill, he seriously considered the possibility that he lost his god damn mind. He shook his head and looked, expecting the figure to be gone. Jack's figure was still there and making her way down the hill. He gripped his gun and began to walk forward. The rain made it hard to see. He put his hand up to block the rain. Collier could make out her face. He saw her. It was her. She was alive and stumbling through the mud. Then he saw her hands in handcuffs and the blood all over her face and shirt. He began to walk forward quickly. \"Medic!\" He called out. Boyd looked out and up, dropping his Bible in the mud. \"Medic!\" Collier yelled louder and began to run, yelling for a medic. His shouts had caught Jack's attention. Her head snapped up and she looked straight at him and froze for a second. In that brief moment, relief flooded her weary veins. They were alive, oh god, they were still alive. She began to run as best as she could to Collier. She could hear him calling her name and for a medic. She could see Grady and Gordo running from a tank in the line. They were hollering at her. Boyd was running from his spot near Fury, calling to her, too but Collier was the loudest. She ran to him, tears of relief (and a little pain) nearly blurring her vision that was already being affected by the rain. She tried so hard to call out but her throat was so sore, she could still feel the bruises. She stumbled as she ran, but refused to let it stop her. As she neared Sergeant Collier, she pushed her legs to run faster. Faster, please let me make it. I'm so close. She closed the distance between them and Collier had seconds to drop his gun and catch her. She had plowed into him and wrapped her bound hands behind his head and around his neck. He could feel her hands cling to his jacket behind his left shoulder and he wrapped his arms tightly around her thinner frame as he felt it shake with sobs. He chuckled as she buried her face in his neck and he held her, rubbing her back. HE needed to make sure she was ok. Collier gently pushed her back, holding her arms firmly, looking for the source of the blood. He didn't see a cut or wound. It was spread from her mouth and down her face and shirt. Boyd arrived and was taken aback at the sight of her. She was so pale, thin and weary. A strong wind could knock her were running down her face as she smiled. Her hadns sought out someone or something. She grabbed at Boyd's jacket. \"Alive. You guys are alive.\" SHE croaked out horsely. Boyd had bent his knees to get on her level and he looked at her oddly while smileing. \"Alive? Of course, we're fucking alive!' He laughed. Grady and Gordo had reached them. She was vaguely aware of their presence. \"Jack. Jack, you ok?\" Collier asked. She looked back at him and nodded before smiling and she tried to fight back her tears. It didn't work. \"The fuck happened to you?\" He asked as he undid her restraints. Pure fear flashed across her face for a second as fresh tears rolled down her face. She found she couldn't breathe and her breathe became rapid and shallow. She began to sway. \"Woah, woah. Hang in there.\" Sergeant Collier said gently, pulling her into his chest and holding her, trying to get her to breathe before she passed out. He called for the medic over his shoulder again. \"Hang in there, kid. Hang in there.\" He whispered as he put a hand on the back of Jack's head and leaned his head down on top of hers. He was trying to be as calming and as comforting as he could offer her. Her hands slowly came down from being pressed against her chest nervously to wrapping around his sides, and clinging desperately to his jacket. The rest of the men in Fury looked to each other. What the hell happened to her? Was what they were all wondering. After the time they spent with her, they understood how she worked. Breaking down in panicked sobs was not how she was. It must have been a lot to push her this far. They realized they would have to wait for another time to know. Collier felt her fingers release his jacket and her legs went limp. She was out. Collier had to hold her tighter to keep her up. \"Woah, woah, shit.\" He said as he tried to keep her up. The medics finally arrived and they got her back to the caravan. They took her into a truck. They found bruises on her neck and arms and torso. She had come around at some point. She helped the medics find the severely injured ribs. There was a slight fracture, but nothing too serious. The blood on her mouth and clothes was not hers for the most part and she needed to stay warm. The medics determined she was suffering from hyperthermia. Had she been alone for another day, she would have not made it. Once they got her patched up, they sent her back to her tank. She refused to go anywhere except with her group. Jack struggled to climb up the tank. She looked back when she felt two hands wrap around her leg and boost her up. It was Grady. She msiled tiredly at him. \"Welcome back, kid.\" He said in his rough voice. She could only smile softly at him, greatefull for the boost and the welcome. She climbed in and smiled when she saw her hat. She put it on her head, glad to have it back. Some ass hole German took it from her. There had been an extra jacket in the truck and it was given to her. Jack's old one had been taken from her. She wrapped herself in it and curled up in her little seat. The guys tried to speak to her but realized she could hardly respond. She had started to doze off when someone tapped on her hatch door. Boyd opened it, smiling down at her. \"Hey. Coffee's ready.\" He said to her she smiled and he passed a tin mug down to her. She beamed at him. \"Got some food too. You interested?\" She nodded quickly. She was starving. From the way she looked, Boyd wondered if she actually had been starved. He passed down some food to her. It was more than most of them usually got. Collier had given up half of his ration to her. He refused any of his other men to do the same. He felt it was his responsibility to take care of his men. And Jack counted as one of his men. The men spent as much time out of the tank as they could before it got too cold and rainy for them. When they did finally go in the tank, they made sure to be as quiet as possible. They settled in for the night and quietly talked or smoked. Jack jolted awake and pitched forward in her seat, a hand flying to her mouth. Gordo, who was in his seat next to her, reached over and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Hey man, you good?\" He asked. She slowly removed her hand and nodded. She gulped down air before shivering. \"Yeah.\" She croaked out, her voice still a bit hoarse. \"Think I'm getting kinda sick, though.\" She added quietly. \"Tomorrow we're taking a town. I need to know if you're going to be up to it.\" Collier stated firmly from his spot. Jack turned in her seat with a look of pure hatred. \"Trust me,\" She said lowly, \"I'm very ready.\" She said firmly. Collier held her gaze briefly before nodding. She turned back in her seat after he told her to get some more rest. Each one soon fell asleep and they heard the rain patter outside. Jack was warm and comfortable. It was such a foreign feeling. And they were still alive, too! When she had been held captive, they told her a German squad wiped out everyone who was in that field that night. Seeing them alive and well was enough to ease her into a deep sleep. It could have been the best sleep she had ever gotten if it hadn't been for the nightmare. Everyone in the tank Fury was sleeping soundly, each man glad to have Jack back. There was a sense of peace around them and the feeling that everything was going to be ok. It was almost comical as well. She really just wouldn't die. They had talked about what name to give her, she had definitely earned it. Each man was ripped from his sleep when they heard the loud banging of a hatch door opening violently. Collier straightened up and was the first to be fully awake and aware. He was just able to catch a glimpse of Jack's legs leaving the tank. \"What's going on?\" Boyd mumbled as he sat up. \"What the hell, man!\" Grady mumbled. \"It ain't time to get up yet.\" \"The fuck was that?\" Gordo asked and looked over to Jack's seat. \"Where the hell did she go?\" He asked. They heard her roll off the tank and land in the mud. Rain fell into the tank and Gordo closed her hatch as Collier climbed out of his to see what was going on. He leaned over the side and saw Jack on all fours, throwing up everything she had eaten and then some. She was getting soaked in the rain. Collier climbed down and knelt next to her. Her eyes were wide with shock but still looking down. She had yet to register he was there. Collier could hear her mumling something to herself. \"Oh god, so much smoke, so much smoke. There's so many. So many of them, so many. I can hear them, I hear them. I have to get back. I have to keep going. I have to keep going.\" She said to herself as she tried to stand up. She fell back into the mud and threw up again. \"Oh god I can smell them. I can smell them burning. They're all burning.\" She sobbed quietly. \"Hey, man. What's going on?\" Gordo called quietly. Collier turned and motion for him to quiet down. The men sat on the tank, watching. He turned back to Jack. \"Jack, where do you have to go?\" He asked, wondering if she was still asleep. \"I have to find my group. I have to find them. They said you're dead but you can't be dead, you're not dead but I can't breathe. I can't breathe.\" She said as she gasped for air. \"Why can't you breathe?\" Collier asked, trying to talk her through whatever memory she was reliving. \"So much smoke, oh go so much smoke. I can smell them all burning. I have to go I have to find my group. I have to go they're gonna find me!\" She yelled and forced herself up. Collier grabbed her belt and kept her from running off into the woods. She began yelling. \"No! NO! No! They're gonna catch me! They're burning! All of them burning! Burning! Burning! I have to go! Let me go! Please you have to let me go!\" She screamed as she struggled and kicked. Collier lifted her off the ground to keep her from running. He put a gloved hand over her mouth and bent over, covering her to keep her restrained and confined to him. He held her close to him, hoping that his presence would help her realize where she was. She close her eyes and screamed against his hand for a few minutes before she began to calm down. He felt her torso expand with each deep breath she took. \"That's it. You're ok. Keep breathing.\" He coached her. He slowly removed himself from her and she braced her hands on her knees. \"You good? Jack, are you good?\" He asked. She nodded before vomiting again. Hardly anything came up. She spat and wiped her hands against her mouth. Collier turned to the tank and Grady tossed him a cantine of water. She took it gratefully and used it to rinse out her mouth before drinking. \"I don't think you're getting sick.\" He commented with a small smile. She returned it and shook her head as she ran a hand through her hair. It had gotten longer, longer than Boyd's. \"What was that about?\" He asked in a tone that let her know she wasn't going anywhere until she answered. He breathed out heavily through her nose. \"German base camp they held me at. They had couple of prisoners. One day they decided to move the camp. Me and a small handful had to go with them but the rest were shot and their bodies were burned. They actually took us to one of the concentration camps for a few days. You should see what they do to them there. Burning, starving bodies everywhere. I'm not even sure some of the people walking around were alive.\" She answered quietly. \"It was hell. I can still smell the smoke.\" Collier nodded and decided not to press her further. He looked back up to the top of the tank. The guys had gone back inside. He looked back to her. She was so tired. \"We're gonna get you better. You're safe now, you understand?\" He asked her she smiled at him and nodded. \"Good. Tomorrow make sure you get something to eat.\" He said as he began to climb up the tank. Before he could get off the ground, Jack reached out and hugged him around the waist. He paused for a second before turning and hugging her back. \"Thank you.\" She breathed quietly into his chest. He smiled to himself and gently kissed the top of her head. She was ok now. She was alive. She was with them. She was home. Happy Valentine's Day! Sorry if it's so short. Lemme know what you think.[Chapter 4] Thank you all for reading. While I make this story, I was also thinking of writing a story for Boyd and Collier. I have been on tumblr too long and when I watched the movie there were some scenes I legit thought they were going to kiss or something. I also think it would be an interesting story because of the time period and Boyd's closeness to his religion. I think it could be good. ANywho, let me know if I should write that one too. Enjoy Hell Hath None 4 (wooh!) Circle the drain- Katy Perry Jack felt herself relax when Collier returned her embrace. Her heart however, sped up slightly when she felt him leave a kiss on her head. She knew he meant nothing by it, it was a gesture of comfort, but her heart didn't seem to get the message. She let him go and the two climbed into the tank. She was shaking from the cold and was exhausted from the vomiting. He offered her a hand to help her up. She smiled and took it. Once back in her tank, she had to shed her soaked, muddied coat. Luckily, Grady had tossed his to her. It was way too big for her but that was the point. Jack wrapped herself in it and settled in to get some sleep. The smell of cigarette smoke, tank grease and gasoline filled her nose and rid her of the memory of burning flesh that seemed to be engraved in her olfactory cells. She did not have nightmares again that night. When they woke her the next day, they were an hour away from the battle. She got ready, got her gun ready and sat in silence, not joining in the usual banter. The four men noticed. She was usually a light, talkative person who would jump in with her two cents and witty remarks. Jack did not say a word but sat stony faced as she helped take out as many nazi soldiers as she could. She didn't flinch like she used to when a bullet hit the tank near her scope. When a grenade went off near them, she didn't jump, didn't even acknowledge what had happened. There was no betting with Gordo, no exchange of cigarettes after the battle, no words, no smile. She was cold and she was still. The Jack they have now is not like the Jack they used to have. After the battle, when they exited the tank to make sure the Germans were dead or surrendering, she gripped her gun so tight her knuckles turned white. She stuck close to the men from her group only, and avoided the woods. Once the area was cleared, they all began to set up camp for the night. Boyd brought out some crates for seats like usual and heated up hot water for coffee. Jack sat on a crate and rested her face in her hands. She was exhausted and Boyd could see a weight on her shoulders. \"You doin' ok?\" He asked conversationally. She hummed. \"What's buggin' you?\" He asked as he checked the water. \"Headache.\" She said simply. Boyd nodded. \"You should probably drink something. Get some food, too. Hopefully it'll stay down.\" He said as he grabbed a canteen of water and some crackers. If she could hold that down, they she would try to eat the other food. \"Your nephew, Norman. He wrote to us while you were gone. Wrote to you too.\" Jack looked up at him. \"Do they know? Do they know I was gone?\" She asked quietly, worry etching into her tired face. She leaned forward and rested her elbows on her legs. \"Army sent a letter saying you had been MIA. Basically means you're dead and they don't get a body to send home.\" Boyd said quietly. \"Word has probably gotten back to a base where they can correct that. As far as we can tell, they didn't tell Norman.\" He finished and began making two cups of coffee. He handed one to Jack. \"Drink this, too. Help warm you up. I'm gonna go get his letters from WArdaddy.\" He explained as he walked away. She nodded and sipped some warm coffee. She had finished the crackers and some water. She sat staring at the fire Boyd had lit. It was small but it was still enough to create an assault on her senses. Each crack and pop from the wet wood sent her reaching for her gun or jolting in surprise. The small amount of smoke it did create made her stomach churn dangerously. Soon her coffee went cold and she sat, just staring into the fire. Gordo and Grady had come to sit and make their food. They tried to greet her but let her be after they got no response. She was miles away. Boyd and Collier had arrived, too. She didn't see them, she didn't hear them. When Boyd waved the letters infront of her nose, she didn't blink. All she saw were the dead bodies of soldiers and civilians, burning. All Jack heard was the pained, agonizing screams of the women and children they murdered and tortured. She could feel her heart beat rapidly, almost painfully and Jack felt as if her airways had closed. She slowly raised a hand to touch her throat. She could feel the man's hands around her throat, choking her. She heard someone call her name through the screams. It sounded like a young boy. She heard it a second time in a man's voice. \"Jack!\" collier called sharply, breaking her out of her trance and gaining her full attention. Her heart began to slow and she was able to breathe. \"You back?\" He asked. She nodded. \"Sorry. Must have zoned out.\" She explained. Her stomach lurched dangerously. \"You let the coffee go cold.\" Boyd said as he took the tin mug from her and set it on the grate over the fire to warm it up again. \"You eat?\" He asked. \"Yeah. It's staying down so far.\" She said, life creeping back into her voice. Grady and Gordo relaxed. Collier remained on guard. Boyd made sure his demeanor was relaxed. He was always the firm, relaxed one. Almost always quiet, listening. He was the sturdy one when Collier slipped up. Boyd gave her back her coffee and she began to drink it. She could feel her back and shoulders relax and the knot in her stomach left. Her stomach settled and she was fine. She began to join in the conversations and banter as the guys got their dinners out. Being with them, near them, eating and drinking was doing wonders for her. Jack's head still pounded but she was just glad to be back, having them near her and alive. She knew she hound not have listened to the German soldier but there was that small whisper of doubt that he wasn't lying. A few of the guys popped open their cans of meat and set it over the fire to warm them up a bit. Jack was filled from the water and crackers, her stomach must have shrunk over the past two months. Soon after the cans of meat began warming up, the smell wafted over towards Jack. Her smile vanished instantly and she could feel the blood draining from her face. Jack felt her stomach lurch dangerously and she set her tin cup on the ground and dug her nails into her knees as her stomach continued to riot. She hung her head and tried to fight away the nausea. She closed her eyes and sucked in a deep breath before holding it. Boyd noticed her change in demeanor. He walked over from standing over the cooking meat to kneeling in front of her. Collier watched. Boyd tapped her arm. She looked up and slowly released her breath. \"You good?\" He asked. She nodded slowly but the moment she inhaled slightly, the smell of coking meat wafted off him and assaulted her nose. Her stomach had reached its limit. She stood suddenly, knocking over the crate she was sitting on, and walked a few feet away from the group before bending over and vomiting again. The smell of meat reminded her too much of the smell of burning people. They guys let her be and took the meat off the fire. After she threw up the food and water she had eaten, she threw up bile and acid. Her throat burned and she hoped it would burn out the smell of the dead from her nose. Her back became sore from vomiting so much. People from other platoons walked by and looked curiously but knew better than to butt in. Once she finished emptying her stomach, she straightened up and put her hands on her hips while trying to catch her breath. \"Hey, you done?\" Collier called over to her. She nodded. \"Think so. Don't have anything left.\" She added. Grady whistled before commenting. \"Damn, girl. You're gonna turn yourself inside out if you do that anymore.\" He spoke loudly. Unfortunately, Jack knew exactly what the inner organs of a human looked like and the nausea came back full force. She swore and bent back over before dry heaving. \"Dammit, Grady.\" Bible mumbled. \"Why you gotta go on and do that? Hu?\" \"I didn't fucking know she'd puke again!\" He defended. Collier stayed out of it and kept an eye on Jack. \"Fuck you, Coon-ass.\" Jack called quietly from her spot when she finished vomiting. She stayed bent over and hung her head. Her head throbbed and her throat and nose burned. Jack swayed slightly, a little dizzy. She had vomited so hard she popped blood vessels around her eyes and her throat was so raw that there was a little blood in the vomit. She stayed where she was for a few minutes before heading back to the group and sitting on the box. Boyd tried to offer her food (not meat) but she shook her head. \"I'm just gonna see if I can keep water down. I'll try to eat later.\" She said. Boyd nodded in understanding and Collier let her be. She needed to be able to keep down food or else she would get herself killed. She was weak enough as it was. She needed food. \"Here's the letters.\" Boyd said and handed her the two letters from her nephew. She read them and smiled. The group was glad to see her smiling again. They would get her back to semi-normal. Or as normal as they could. For the next week, Jack was able to keep down water and food during the day. She was even able to stand the smell of meat. Once she got over the smell, she was able to eat it. Of course the smell would remind her of the burning humans. But her stomach no longer lurched at the smell. The only problems she had was at night. Every night, after everyone had fallen asleep, she would wake up form a nightmare, get away from the group, and vomit everything she had in her stomach. She began looking worse and worse. She had bags under her eyes and struggled to stay awake during the day. She would get dizzy if she moved to fast and she had begun to lose more weight. It was alarming to Collier. He had promised to protect his group and keep them alive. But what could he do to save his driver who was literally wasting away in front of him? On top of the less sleep and food and water in her system, the stress of the whole situation lowered her immune system and she caught a head cold. She felt like shit and didn't even have enough energy to argue or snip at her group. Collier confessed to Boyd on evening that he was concerned about her. He confessed in his own way. Boyd agreed. What Jack had been doing to get some food in her was eating as much as she could for breakfast, a small lunch and skipping dinner so she could digest more and vomit less at night. It was only effective enough to keep her alive. However, with the development of the head cold, mucus drained into her lungs and stomach. Her already limited appetite vanished completely and what she did eat, she threw up before sun down. She was miserable. But when Collier learned that she had not been eating for a few days, he was livid. Fury had been at a base camp for three days to rest and fix the tank. On the third day, Collier approached Boyd, Grady and Gordo, Jack had gone off somewhere, probably to the mail carrier. The guys were packing up their food and provisions, putting them back in the tank. They had just finished up eating. \"Boyd, did you see Jack eat anything today?\" He asked. Boyd thought for a second before shaking his head no, confused. Collier had noticed that food wasn't disappearing as if five people were eating. Only enough for four. \"Now that you mention it, I don't think I seen her eat since yet fucking got here, man.\" Gordo added quietly. \"Bitch starving herself?\" Grady asked, not really understanding. \"Probably tired of throwing it up.\" Boyd suggested. \"With this cold now, her body's fighting twice as hard with less energy. If she don't start keeping food down, she's gonna die.\" Boyd stated. \"I don't even know how to get her to stop throwing up every night.\" \"Think someone in the medic tent would know something?\" Grady asked. They all looked to him in slight surprise. How could they have all forgotten? They had a fucking medic tent now. \"Yeah, but is she gonna go willingly is the problem.\" Gordo stated. \" She's just as stubborn as the rest of us, man.\" \"But none of us are on the brink of starving to death.\" Collier stated before sighing through his nose. \"I'm gonno go find her, see if she's eaten yet before I take her to the medics. I don't care if I have to throw her over my goddamn shoulder.\" Collier said as he grabbed a few crackers before heading out to find jack. Collier spent about ten minutes looking for her before bumping into her. She was on her way back from the mail carrier's tent with a few letters. Norman had written them again. She apologized for bumping into him and tried to head back to the tank. He stopped her. She looked at him confused. \"You and I are gonna go visit the medic tent.\" He said firmly, challenging Jack to argue. She accepted the challenge. \"I'm fine-\" She started but Collier cut her off. \"Bull shit.\" He stated firmly. \" You haven't eaten since we got here, you can't keep food down, you're cough has gotten so bad I'm surprised you haven't coughed up a fucking lung. You're fucking going.\" He stated firmly. She glared and trid to step around him. He grabbed her arm and her hand flung and struck him in the face. It was a reflex and he knew it from the look on her face. It flashed from anger to complete horror at her actions. \"Oh, shit. I'm sorry.\" she began to apologize. Collier clenched his jaw shut, trying to keep his patience. \"You're going to the medic tent.\" He ordered. Not wanting to piss him off and feeling guilty for back handing him, she nodded. She really didn't mean to and he knew that. Plus it's not like she had actually had the strength to hit him hard. As they began walking, collier pulled out a packet of crackers and handed it to her. She scowled. \"No.\" She refused. The two stop walking. \"Excuse me?\" He challenged. \"I'll fucking go to the tent, but I'm not fucking eating anything. Fucking tired of throwing it up.\" She orderd and began to walk. Collier lost his patience and figured he would have to take more drastic measures. He grabbed Jack and tripped her, getting her on the ground. She landed with an oof in the mud and Collier knelt. He had one knee pressing down on her torso slightly, just to keep her here and one hand on her shoulder. She glared at him and struggled. \"Get the fuck off of me!\" She growled. \"The fuck do you think you're doing?\" She hissed as she struggled. Collier smiled slightly, an idea coming to his head. \"If you can get me off you, prove you're not gonna fucking get taken out by a fight, I won't make you eat.\" He challenged. She struggled and tried to push him off. \"Go ahead, give it our best damn shot.\" \"I'm fucking trying.\" She grumbled before coughing. Collier lifted his knee off her enough to let her breathe better. The coughing subsided and she let her arms fall onto the ground, one hand still gripping the letters tightly. She groaned and Collier smiled a bit before getting off her and helping her up. She glared at him but let him help her. She took a cracker and began slowly chewing it as they walked in silence to the tent. Halfway there, she got really dizzy and began to sway and stumble. Collier tried to steady her and ask her if she was ok. The moment his hand reached her shoulder, she fell to the ground. Jack passed out. He swore before picking her up. It was alarming how thin she had gotten. Luckily for him, the medic tent wasn't busy. It was one of those times where no injured were coming in. Everyone there was already tended to and the medics were winding down form the long day. One greeted him and helped get her to a cot. The medic, McMurphy, left and returned with ammonia to wake her up. It worked and she woke up coughing and gagging at the smell. She leaned over the cot and threw up for the hundredth time. McMurphy asked what was going on, to see why they were there and Collier spoke, not trusting Jack to be honest. Jack leaned back and rested against the pillow on the cot, exhausted. It didn't take much to tire her these days. McMurphy grabbed her a few pills to help fight a fever, help with the mucus build up and a pill to help her sleep. He sat and had her drink water slowly. They sat there for half an hour and he monitored and controlled how much she drank and when she drank. McMurphy got her a blanket that was usually used for shock and mad sure she was wrapped up in it before she passed out from the sedative. \"I want to keep her here for at least two nights. If I see significant improvement she can return to duty. The longest I can keep her is a week before we have to ship her off to a more capable place to treat her.\" McMurphy explained. Collier nodded. \"If we have to move out before you let her go?\" Collier asked. McMurphy sighed and hesitated before answering. \"You'll have to go without her. I'll make sure if you guys are shipped out, it won't be anywhere too far so you guys can get back before the week is up.\" McMurphy promised. \"The sedative is strong enough to keep her asleep through the night. She shouldn't wake up. I'll keep her on that for a while until she can sleep on her own. The cold should subside tomorrow evening or a bit later. I'll make sure she eats. Don't worry, we got her.\" Mc Murpy assured. They weren't going to receive any injured for a while. If they did, it wasn't going to be swarming like it had been a few months ago. Collier nodded and headed back to his group. He had taken the letters for his men but left Jack's on the bed next to her to read when she woke up. When collier returned, he told the guys what was going on and they were glad the Medics had stuff to help her. There was a very real possibility they had run out. Jack slept well that night. She didn't wake up, she didn't even have nightmares. It was the best sleep she had in months. When she woke up the next morning, she felt a little better. Her head still hurt and she wasn't hungry, but her fever was gone and her head didn't feel as congested. McMurphy gave her some water and more pills to help keep the fever away and help with the mucus. He didn't monitor the water she drank but made sure she ate a few crackers. She was able to keep it all down. She read Norman's letter that morning. He started off telling her that her mother had passed. She had a stroke that killed her. Her father was sad and not as energetic as he used to but was still able to take care of Norman and keep him happy. Jack admired her father. An injury from the farm in his young adult hood had crippled his leg bad enough to keep him from warm but her father was one of the strongest men she knew. He was able to push past his sorrows and keep going. He always has been. From what Jack could tell from the letter, he was still able to smile and have some fun with Norman, but Jack couldn't even begin to imagine losing the person you love like that. She was sad when she learned her mother passed and a few tears rolled down her cheeks. Even though she didn't get along with the woman, she still loved and respected her. Jack wished she had fixed their relationship before she left, but had to shove that down. There was nothing she could do know. Collier came by around then and saw tears falling down her face. He walked over and sat on the cot next to her. \"What happened?\" He asked quietly. She sniffled and breathed through her mouth before wiping them away. \"Mother died. Had a stroke.\" Jack said quietly while flipping the paper over. Her father had written on the back. \"Sorry about yesterday.\" She stated, not meeting his eyes. There was a pause before she turned to glare at the chuckling man next to her. \"Don't worry about it. You're so weak right now you couldn't do much damage.\" He said referring to the hit. She glared at him. McMurphy came over with a mug of broth and some water. \"Here. See if you can keep this down.\" He said and handed it to her. She thanked him. \"How you feeling? Any better?\" She nodded. \"Yeah. Haven't slept that good in months.\" She said as she sipped the broth. McMurphy smiled, asked a few more questions and left. Collier let her drink some of the broth before getting to why he was there in the first place. \"What happened to you when you were taken?\" He asked firmly and bluntly. The question took Jack off guard and caused her to choke on her soup a bit before looking at him with an almost outraged expression. He held her gaze with his own firm, unwavering look. She knew he wanted answers and he wanted all of them. She sighed and let the soup rest in her lap. She had to tell someone eventually. \"After they shot the two men I was on guard with, they half dragged me through the woods for who knows how long. After a while they knocked me out. I don't know why. When I woke up, I was bound and in the mud at one of their camps. I have no clue where. They would try to ask me things in German. I didn't understand them so they kicked me a lot. Fucking hurt. Two days of that and they got a young kid who spoke English to talk to me. He's one of those kid's who shouldn't be in a war in the first place you know?\" She asked looking at Don who nodded. \"He was nice. Didn't even want to be there. They took his sister to force him or something. From what I understand, they moment they got him in their army, they gunned her down. He didn't find out until about a week before I got there.\" \"What does this have to do with you?\" Collier asked firmly, trying to get her back on the topic he wanted to know about. What happened to the kid was sad yes, but that didn't matter to him. She sighed. \"He asked me what they wanted to know. They wanted to know where our bases were. How many tanks and men we had. Things like that. He told me that if I do know, to not tell them. The longer I keep it to myself, the longer they would keep me alive. If I didn't know or I did and I told? They would have shot me once I gave up all the information.\" She explained. Collier nodded, understanding. She moved on. \"So, a little after that, we had to move. They shot most of the prisoners and burned the bodies. I had given my hat to a little boy they had kept there with the prisoners. That's how my hat got in that pile. As we were leaving I could smell them burning. It was horrifying to see. As bad as it was, the concentration camp was worse.\" She paused here, closing her eyes against the memory. Her stomach began to churn a bit, but she drank some water to try and calm it. \"We thought what we saw on the battlefield was horrifying. We were so wrong. What they do in those camps..\" She trailed off and looked down, frowning deeply. \"Hell has to be more human than those camps.\" She whispered and shook her head. \"We stayed there for a few days before moving on. The smell of burning bodies was so thick. There was always smoke coming up from the furnaces and the people walking around looked like skeletons. There were literal skeletons. That place was like living in a nightmare you don't wake up from.\" She paused and drank some of her soup before it got cold. Her stomach settled. \"What happened after you left there?\" Collier asked. She shrugged. \"I don't remember much very well. They would practically drag me from place to place until they just knock me out. When there, every time I tried to sleep, they dumped cold water on me. I didn't even know how long I had been gone until I got back.\" She chuckled without humor which melded into a violent cough. Collier sat and waited for her to finish coughing. \"How did you get out?\" He asked. Collier saw her pale quickly and her eyes widened. She could hear the gunshot, the yelling, she saw the blood spray everywhere. She felt it on her face again, the warm sticky, blood. Her grip tightened on her mug and Collier sat and waited for her to come back. \"It doesn't matter.\" She whispered and offered a shaky smile before she shakily brought the mug up to drink. Collier frowned. \"It does. What happened?\" He asked firmly. She sighed and could feel her lungs rattling. \"They gave up, figured I wouldn't be any use.\" She paused. \"Remember the kid I told you about?\" Collier nodded and she continued. \"They wanted him to take me out back and shoot me in the head that night. When the time came, he took me out back, had me turn away from him. We must have stood there for a good ten minutes before I turn around. He's crying. The kid's crying.\" She said and shook her head with a small smile. \"He was a good kid, didn't deserve to be there. He, um, he helped me out a bit. He made sure the guards stayed away from me. He snuck me food. He shouldn't have been there.\" She sighed and sipped her soup, not wanting it to get cold. She brought the blankets around her and shivered. \"God, I could kill for a cigarette.\" She muttered. Collier smiled his tiny smile at that. \"Finish your story and your soup and I'll have someone bring you one later.\" He promised. Jack smiled at him. \"You really want to know what happened, hu?\" She asked with a smile. He nodded and her smile faltered just a bit before continuing. \"He confessed he couldn't kill, me. He wouldn't kill me. This was where he told me about his sister and how even got there in the first place. He told me to start running. I wasn't going to stick around and ask why. I had just made it to the tree line when I heard a gunshot. I looked back and the kid shot himself. He couldn't handle it. I only ran into trouble once and it was right after I had gotten into the woods. It was a soldier on guard. My hands were behind my back so I couldn't do much when He grabbed my arms. I um, I…\" She trailed off before laughing. Collier looked at her like she had lost her mind. \"Maybe Gordo was right.\" She laughed. \"I must be something out of hell 'cause I ripped out his throat.\" She cackled quietly. \"I ripped it out with my teeth.\" She laughed quietly. \"I literally bit his throat and yanked my head back. He bled out all over me. That was the blood on my face.\" Her laughter had died out and she rubbed furiously at her eyes, trying to get the tears away. \"That kid. He killed himself to help me. \" She explained quietly. \"Don't even know his name. God, this war is shit. They're using kids to fight. He couldn't have been more than seventeen.\" She said quietly. Collier sat quietly, trying to find the right thing to say. They sat in silence and she sipped more of her soup, trying to calm down. Her nose started to bleed and he moved to sit on her bed bulled out a small rag, handing it to her. He rested a hand on her shin and she looked at him. \"He made his choice. If he went back without your body, they would have thrown him right into one of those camps. He knew what he was doing. He saved your life. Are you going to repay him by letting yourself starve to death?\" He asked firmly. She looked at him and shook her head. \"Then get better.\" He ordered and she smiled and nodded. She would get better as fast as she could. He nodded and stood, grabbing his gun from the other bed. HE made to leave but turned to her again. \"Tell Gordo how you took out that Nazi. Think it'll scare the shit out of him.\" He said with a smile and Jack laughed. She laughed like she had before she was taken. Collier realized how much he missed her laugh, her smile, her voice. He smiled before leaving. Jack shook her head and finished her soup. She wrote back to Norman and her father. She would have someone ship it out for her later. Jack felt significantly better towards the evening. She still had a slight cough but her head felt so much better and she had been able to keep everything down. It was a good thing she had begun to feel better because the guys decided to join her for dinner. Grady and Gordo took the cot next to her and Boyd sat near her feet. Collier stopped by before having to go talk to some higher ups. When she told them the story about how she ripped out the soldier's throat, Gordo actually looked like he was going to puke or piss himself. Even Grady looked a little taken aback. Boyd didn't seem too surprised and he and Jack laughed at the other two's discomfort. \"I know what you're fucking war name is.\" Gordo announced. Jack looked at him and raised an eyebrow. \"You won't fucking die. We're calling you Ghost. No way you're fucking human, man.\" He stated. Boyd nearly spit out his coffee while laughing and Jack smirked. She was quite proud of herself for earning that name. When collier heard her new name he shook his head and chuckled. IT was too true. No matter what was thrown at her, she wouldn't die. She wouldn't stay down. It was something to admire her for.[Chapter 5] Hell Hath None 5 100 suns Thank you guys so much for sticking with this and reading and reviewing. I hope you guys like this chapter, it's going to be a bit happier for you guys! Jack seemed to have taken the nickname \"Ghost\" to heart. She recovered as fast as humanly possible and began working on the tan the moment she got out of the Medical Tent. She insisted on doing anything the men in her platoon were doing. That wasn't unusual but she had just recovered and they didn't want to over work her. She fought with them on it and eventually won. She fought more with Grady and Gordo. Boyd and Collier had been wise and kept out of it. Not only had she seemed to improve physically, but her spirit had returned as well. Jack was eating better, sleeping better and life was returning to her. When they had to go off to fight, she was gambling cigarettes with Gordo, the first out of the tank and clearing the area, almost as if she had been looking for a fight. As time went on, McMurphy gave her less sedatives so her body can learn to stay asleep on its own. Once she stopped taking the sedative completely, she slept well enough. Some nights she woke startled, a habbit formed from two months of being woken by cold water every time she slept. Some nights, yes there were nightmares but she kept them quiet. The group of fove had returned to normal. When they were shipped out for a weekend to take a town nearby, they were there quickly. Most civilians had left but there were still a few. Once the German army was taken care of, Jack sat on the tank and watched as the soldiers ransacked the town that had been turned to nearly rubble. Someone had pulled a large piano out into the square others had grabbed bottles of various types of liquor. One soldier had actually found a phonograph. He had also found a few records and set to playing them. The destroyed town square was filled with upbeat and happy music. It was an odd thing to see. Jack didn't question it. She took the time to enjoy the music, the alcohol, everything. She was desperate from an escape, they all were. That evening, she drank. She had some wine before, of course, but the men in her group had never seen her drunk. She knew her limits well and that night, she went past them. It seemed as if everyone intended to celebrate. There was music, there was laughter, some men played soccer. Men brought out card games, others sang and drank. Grady had come over to the tank with a few bottles of hard liquor for them to enjoy. Jack had been feeling daring that day and after she finished eating, challenged him to a drinking contest. The challenge was literally who could drink the most the quickest. Grady handed her a bottle and he took his. They both began chugging. It was a close call, but Grady won in the end. Boyd remained sober and sat on his crate, smoking and playing cards with Collier. Collier had his own bottle, but didn't try to see how fast he could get drunk. He was actually planning on staying fairly sober. The two watched the other three drinking. Jack drank more than Grady and Gordo. The two men were still partially sober, only slightly slurring and still able to walk for the most part. Jack was a fucking mess. She was giggling and stumbling everywhere. She had some how managed to talk Grady into dancing with her again. \"Come one, you fucking coward.\" She jested. \"Fucking danced with me once. Do it again.\" She urged. Her and grady danced drunkenly to the music playing through the square. Gordo cut in and took his turn dancing with Jack. She danced with him and laughed when Grady looked slightly put out. Grady went and found a German woman to dance with instead. Boyd and Collier watched. Collier kept his eye on Jack. Part of him justified it buy saying he was worried for her, needed to make sure she stayed safe, she was still a woman. Another side of him knew she could handle herself, even if she was slightly intoxicated. Truth be told, he couldn't bring himself to look away. The flush of her cheeks from a mix of alcohol and the chilly weather, her bright smile, the sound of her laugh, the way her hair (now reaching close to her shoudlers) bounced around her face all captivated his attention. She was an odd girl, strong and brave. Boyd knew how Collier looked at her. He had looked at her like that even before she was taken. Boyd was also aware that Collier didn't ever say or do anything about it. Boyd looked up from his cards and saw Collier was looking at the dancing men and women, specifically Jack. \"Go dance with her.\" He stated bluntly. Collier turned and looked at him with a blank face. Boyd shrugged. \"I see how you look at her. Ask her to dance. There is a time for everything, like the good book says. I do believe now is a time for dancing.\" Boyd suggested. \"Don't worry, I'll hold down the fort.\" He joked. Collier smiled his small smile and stood, setting his weapon on the ground, before walking over to Jack and another soldier from another unit. \"Mind if I cut in?\" He asked the gentleman, pinning him with a stare until he backed off. Jack turned to him and smiled brightly. \"Hiya, WArdaddy.\" She slurred before wrapping her arms around his neck in a hug. He chuckled before taking her arms away from his neck. He took one of her hands in his and placed his other hand on her waist. She was still a bit on the thinner side, but she was beginning to gain weight and was almost back to her original size. She rested her hand on his shoulder and let him lead. She was grateful he knew how to dance. A slow, calming song had come on and the two danced together in silence for a small while until Jack broke it. She was beginning to sober up so her speech wasn't so impaired. She leaned her head against his chest before speaking. \"I lied.\" She stated. Collier frowned. What did she lie about? \"I was twenty-two. I'm twenty-three now.\" She stated, pleased with herself. \"Thought you said you were twenty.\" He said to her quietly. She hummed. \"I lied.\" She paused. \"Missed my birthday.\" She said absentmindedly. \"Why didn't you tell us?\" Collier asked. \"I'm sure the boys would have loved a reason to get shit faced.\" He felt her chuckle. \"I was busy.\" She laughed quietly. \"Kinda wasn't here for it. Celebrated with the fucking Krauts.\" She laughed quietly. Collier frowned again. He wasn't she had to spend it with them, but there wasn't much he could do. He bent his head slightly and kissed her head. \"Happy birthday.\" He said quietly. She hummed and listened to his heart beat. She breathed in his scent. Collie had always been a calming presence to her, even when he was pissed. He was strong and sure. He would do everything he could to keep them safe and his loyalty was to his group first. Collier looked out for them. It was nice to know she had a sturdy person like him on her side. Jack often felt inadequate and drew from his strength. He didn't treat her different most times. He had expectations that would have been the same for anyone. Jack made it her duty to exceed those expectations. She was fond of Collier and enjoyed being in his presence. On the days where she was this close to him, dancing, hugging, or just being physically close, her mood brightened. Those were the days that kept her going. She had been missing that closeness to another human being since the car accident. Jack liked Collier and she wanted more of him. She wanted to know everything about him. She already knew so much. He was divorced, no kids, only thirty-one (though he looks significantly older) no siblings, she knew what he did for a living before the war, and other things. She knew so much about him and he knew so much about her. Out of everyone else in the group, she was closest to Collier. \"You're a good dancer.\" She mumbled. Collier chuckled. \"Glad to know I'm better than Grady.\" He stated. Jack scoffed and rolled her eyes. \"Fucking monkey can't stop stepping on his own damn feet.\" She grumbled. Collier laughed quietly at her attitude towards grady. She looked up to him with a small smile. \"Thanks for dancing with me.\" She whispered and stood on her toes to quickly leave a small kiss on his cheek. It was as light as a butterfly and lasted less than half a second. Collier wished it had lasted longer, wanting to have her closer. \"I'm going to go pass out.\" She stated and swayed slightly. Collier and her returned to the tank and she crawled up and passed out ontop of the tank. Gordo had fallen asleep in a similar fashion and Grady was elsewhere, probably still drinking. Boyd smiled as Collier sat back down. Collier caught the grin and immediately found himself getting defensive. \"What?\" He asked. Boyd chuckled to himself and shook his head. \"Nothing.\" He smiled to himself. He saw how Collier was around Jack, he had always seen it. But Jack had given him a kiss and that meant she had similar feeling for Collier. If they made it through this war, Boyd was going to do his damnedest to get them together. That night, they all felt a little more human, a little more normal. But the next day, they had to move out and returned to the reality of guns and bombs and gore. The only reminder they had of the little reprieve were the painful hangovers. Hope you guys enjoyed this. Wanted something small and nice and happy before it gets sad again. Thought this would be something cute and kind of give you a peek into their growing friendship/ soon to be more. Lemme know what you think.[Chapter 6] Hell Hath none 5 Fly me to the moon Jack was not happy waking up. Somehow all the other members of her group had been up about an hour before her and managed to let her sleep. She was usually a light sleeper. The guys had gotten up and gotten something to eat. Collier insisted to let her sleep a bit longer before they roll out. When the time did come to wake her up, Grady volunteered. Jack had fallen asleep on the side of the tank and her head was near her hatch. Grady Climbed up to her hatch, pulled it open and let it fall shut. The loud bang startled Jack awake and she fell off the side and into the mud. She would have a decent bruise on her side from that. Grady was shouting for her to get up and Gordo and Bible were shaking their heads and laughing quietly. Collier sighed through his nose at the antics. Grady jumped off the side next to her and spoke loudly. Jack stayed on the ground but threw a handful of mud at him, hitting him in the face. Grady had decided to be as much of an ass as he could that day. He devoted his time to being loud and obnoxious. It was easy to see Jack was a bit hung over and Grady took it upon himself to try to piss her off. Or make her vomit. Jack felt like shit all day. The tanks were loud vehicles. The canons on the tanks were louder. And the bombs going off all day? Jack wanted nothing more than to sleep it off. She would not be drinking that much anymore. Jack was happy that, despite Grady's best efforts, she was able to keep herself from vomiting all day. Collier was pleased as well. He did not want her to start losing all the progress she had made. At the end of the day, they sat and stood around the small fire they had going, eating dinner. No one was too excited about it. \"Wish you were able to make us a decent meal again.\" Boyd mentioned to Jack as he sat back on his crate. Jack laughed and nodded in agreement. \"Yeah, same here.\" She said quietly with a smile. A soldier with the mail came over and distributed the letters. They were from Norman. They all tore into their letters and read them over. Jack frowned. Boyd noticed and nudged her with his elbow, getting her attention. \"What's going on? How's your pop?\" He asked. Jack shook her head and sighed through her nose. \"He's getting by. Still misses my mother though, and according to Norman, the doctor was scolding him to take care of his heart. I think his blood pressure is up again.\" She said absentmindedly and flipped the letter over to see her dad's writing. sHE scanned it and nodded. \"Yeah, his blood pressure's up again.\" She paused and red the rest of her father's writing before scowling and swearing. \"God Damnit!\" This caught the guys' attention. \"I leave for not even a year and everything's gone to shit. Mom kick's the bucket, Dad's blood pressure is up, Norman beat up half of his class, a storm hit and took out one of our barns. Damn tree fell over. I always told them that damn tree was gonna fall.\" She vented. Gordo was more interested in Norman beating up half of his class. \"What did Norman do?\" Gordo asking, trying to hide laugh. Jack glared at him. \"Don't encourage him. Apparently some kids at school are giving him a hard time. Some of the parents back home think my sister came over here to join the Nazi's. Doesn't make any sense but what can you do?\" She shrugged. The mothers back home did nothing but gossip and spread rumors. \"Boys will be boys.\" Collier stated. He would be sure to congratulate Norman on sticking up for himself. He smirked to himself when he caught Jack glaring at him. Jack was the only one who was displeased. They all sat in silence for a bit, reading and writing their letters, eating their shitty dinner. Jack began thinking about her home. She missed it. She missed her parents. She didn't have many friends, but those she did have, she missed. Jack wondered how they were doing. She had yet to get a letter from them. The next day, they rolled into a town and took it. It was the same old thing, nothing special or out of the ordinary. It was the same with the next town, and the next town. A few weeks later, they rolled into a base camp, the gloom made it unwelcoming and the group felt their exhaustion hit. The five were lounging on the outside of the tank as it rolled in. They blocked out the smell of death and howls of pain from the medical tent. The tank pulled up to a spot and was stopped. \"I'm gonna go check in. You guys get this piece of shit fixed.\" Collier ordered as he climbed out and headed off to meet with whoever was in charge. The other four followed his orders and began working on the tank. Jack had to repair her hatch that had been blown off. A grenade landed on the outside of the tank and took out the bolts that kept the hatch attached to the tank. That was a terrifying experience for everyone in the tank. They had been rolling through an open field towards German trenches. Jack had just closed her hatch and sat down when something nocked against her scope. Collier dropped down in a hurry. \"Jack! Down! Grenade!\" He yelled. The moment he ordered for her to get down, she flattened herself down in her seat and the space next to her She curled in a ball and used her arms to cover her head. Gordo shrunk against the wall and covered his head. The blast shook the front of the tank and her hatch lurched off the hole and slid sideways. Dust and smoke from the explosion fell through the hole and Jack coughed. Little bits of metal fell through. \"Jack, Gordo, you guys good?\" Collier called down. Jack coughed a bit before responding. \"Still alive.\" She joked. \"I'm good, man!\" Gordo called. Collier responded to a radio call asking if they were ok. Jack had to reach out of her hatch and pull the lid as much over her hole as she could. Fixing it shouldn't be too hard but she needed some parts. She also had to fix the scope on the hatch and her gun. Something got jammed in it and it won't rotate as well as it should. That was just what she had to deal with. Gordo's controls weren't working, probably some wiring issues, and Boyd and Grady had to do some outside repairs. Jack was humming as she adjusted the hatch before she would reattach it. Once she got it lined up she dropped in through the main hatch and began looking around for some stuff in the tank. Gordo was sitting in his seat. \"What you hummin'?\" Gordo asked. \"Parting Glass. Favorite song.\" She said. \"Hey, where do we keep spare parts?\" She asked. Gordo reached under his seat and pulled out a tool box. \"Check in here. Should have something you can use.\" He said. She thanked him and headed back to her hatch. She sat there, looking through the box and humming. Grady and Boyd were working on the side of the tank, she wasn't sure what they were working on. \"C'mon, if you gonna hum it, might as well sing it.\" Grady hollered. Jack smiled before singing it quietly. Boyd objected loudly. \"No, no, no you gotta sing louder, kid!\" He called up to her and Jack sang louder, smile on her face. After a while she sang other songs as they worked on the tank. Collier came by and shook his head at her singing. She sang loudly at him as he walked away and Boyd laughed. Eventually she began singing Frank Sanatra. There was one song she absolutely loved. \"Fly me to the moon, let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars.\" She began. Boyd picked up the next part. \"In other words, hold my hand. In other words, baby kiss me.\" Jack smiled and the two sang the next part together. \"Fill my heart with song, and let me sing forever more. You are all I long for, all I worship and adore.\" Boyd and Jack sang it at each other and after those two lines, Boyd let her take over again. \"In other words, please be true.\" She sang. There was a commotion in the camp that was heading towards the group. It caught their attention and Jack kept singing but kept an eye on the loud group heading their way. \"I other words, I love you. Fill my heart with song, let me sing for ever more. You are…all I long for….\" She trailed off. Once the crowd got close, they could see a Nazi soldier being escorted through camp. He looked very familiar to Jack. \"No fucking way.\" She said and hopped off the tank and rushed over to the crowd. Boyd was the first after her. Grady and Gordo watched from the tank. Once she pushed through the crowd, she came face to face with the SS Soldier. Recognition flashed across both her face and the SS soldier's. He smirk cruelly as Boyd approached her from behind. The Nazi looked her dead in the face and spoke in German. \"Sie zu leicht zu erschrecken.\" He sneered. Without warning, Jack leapt at him screaming, hands stretched out to him, clawing at his face. \"DO I LOOK SCARED? HU? DO I FUCKING LOOK SCARED TO YOU?\" She screamed as she attacked him. Boyd grabbed her around the middle and lifted her up off the ground. She kicked and struggled and screamed at the Nazi. Luckily for her, she didn't get a chance to get a scratch on him. If she had, she faced serious repercussions. Boyd had to carry her well away from the area before he felt he could let her go. She screamed and struggled the whole way. \"Calm the hell down.\" He grunted as he set her on her feet, grabbed her shoulders and spun her around. \"You gotta calm the fuck down. What the hell was that?\" He asked her. She looked ready to spit fire. He could see the desire to murder clear in her eyes. \"Was he one of the guys who took you? How did you know him?\" Boyd asked. \"I'll fucking kill him.\" She spat. Boyd shook her and asked her again how she knew him. \"Yeah! Yeah, he was one of the ones in charge. Fucking asshole.\" She kicked the dust and looked down for a few seconds before looking back at boyd and trying to move around him. \"I'm gonna fucking rip his head off! That bastard!\" She yelled and Boyd kept her where she was. \"I'm not fucking scared of him or any fucking Nazi pigs! I'll fucking kill them! Why the fuck is he here? Why is he here?\" She yelled as her voice began to crack. She was full on freaking out an Boyd was doing his best to keep her where she was. \"Hwy? Why? Why is he here?\" Jack's voice cracked weakly and she put a hand on her stomach. \"Burning. Everyone's burining.\" She mumbled and bent over. \"I can smell it, everyone's burning. They're gonna burn us. Everything burns.\" \"Woah, woah, woah, easy. Don't start throwing up again.\" Boyd said quietly as He put a hand on her back. \"C'mon, try to breathe. Think of home. How did home smell?\" \"Hey!\" Collier's firm and sharp call made Boyd look to see him coming. Jack was still trying to breathe. \"The hell's goin' on?\" He asked loudly. Boyd approached him and grabbed his arm. \"Fucking idiot paraded an SS officer through the camp again. He was one of the ones that held Jack. She tried to get to him, he said something to her that tipped her over the edge.\" Boyd explained. Don looked at jack who was still bent over, trying not to vomit. Don sighed through his nose. \"Why the fuck do they keep bringing them through the bases?\" He asked quietly and shook his head. \"I'll get her.\" He said and approached Jack. Boyd nodded and walked back to the tank. \"Jack. You doin' ok?\" He asked and put a hand on her back. She stood up straight and knocked his hand away. \"I'm not scared.\" She spit at him and held his gaze with a glare of her own. \"I'm not fucking scared of those fucking cock suckers.\" \"No one said you were.\" He said as he raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. \"Just need to make sure you're not going to start throwing up again. No offense but it exactly fun to deal with that.\" He joked. Jack nodded in understanding. \"Yeah. I'm good.\" She said quietly and put her hadns on her hips. \"Don? Can I ask a favor?\" Jack asked. Don nodded. \"Teach me German?\" The request shocked Don a bit. \"How did you understand the Nazi if you don't already know it?\" He asked, curious as to how she understood he man. \"The boy I told you about. Every day that officer would say that to me. One day I asked the boy what it meant.\" Jack explained. \"Teach me German.\" She demanded. Don nodded. HE could do that. It would be nice to have someone else who can speak it for a change. \"All right. I will.\" Don said with a smile and put a gloved hand on her head. \"But now you have to finish fixing the damn tank.\" He said and shoved her head slightly. She smiled and huffed childishly and walked over to the tank. Grady asked what had happened, much to Boyd's horror but Jack was able to explain with a smile on her face. You really couldn't keep her down long. For the next few months, Collier and Jack spent most of their time speaking in German. Sometimes while in battle Don would only talk to her in German. This meant she either had to understand or guess. She picked up the language quickly. Sometimes she still struggled and Collier corrected her. He also had her talking to any German civilians they came across. The two made a game of talking to each other in German like it was their own secret language. Jack would bitch about Grady in German and he would never suspect it. It annoyed Gordo to no end. Jack thought it was funny. Don secretly enjoyed having that special connection to Jack. It was their thing. He was proud of her for picking it up so quickly. The first thing he taught her to do was swear and curse. Over the months he spent teach Jack how to speak German, Don had noticed something. He had a problem. He enjoyed her company too much. He like her a lot. That wasn't good. It was bad enough she was as close to him as the rest of the group. Usually, it took months for the new comer to get that close. She managed it in what a month? A day? Had the war been over and they met back in America, he would definitely feel free to pursue her but they weren't in America. They were in Germany. What were the chances that both of them would be getting out of the war alive? These thoughts plagued Don for about a month before Boyd finally said something. He could tell his friend was troubled by something. He had been more tense lately, his sleep was even more restless and he seemed to zone out at times. One night while they were at base camp, Fury had some down time with a few other units. Jack, Grady and Gordo had challenged a friend of Jack's team to a soccer game. Jack had found another friend from her first platoon. Boyd and Don remained next to the tank, enjoying down time in their own way. Don was enjoying it until Boyd brought up an unpleasant topic. \"You don't stop thinking about her do you?\" Boyd stated bluntly. Don glared at Boyd who returned it with a knowing smile. \"It's easy to see. She likes you too.\" He said looking back to his book. \"I know.\" Collier stated firmly. Boyd frowned at his book. \"Then what's the problem?\" Boyd asked Don answered firmly with short curt answers. \"What problem?\" Boyd sighed and closed his book. \"Don. You like her. Tell her.\" Boyd told him. \"It's bothering you, I see it. Hell, I bet Grady can see it, too.\" \"I tell her. What next? Take her to the cinema? Buy her nice things? Long car rides, picnic at the beach? Perfect plan.\" Don mocked and shook his head. \"Boyd you got a sense of humor. I'll give you that.\" \"Don, that's not the point. We may or may not make it through the war. Do you want your number to come up or her number to come up, and never get the chance to tell her? What I'm saying is, tell her before it's too late. Who knows, maybe we'll all get out of this. But do you really want to wait and take that chance?\" Boyd asked. He did have a point. Don sat and thought about it. Boyd smiled, knowing his work was done. Boyd was quite pleased with himself and prayed to God those two would make it through this. \"Been a while since we've heard from Norman.\" Collier stated, switching subjects. They hadn't heard from the kid in so long. Usually they got a letter every month or two but it had been about four months since they've heard from him Boyd shrugged. \"Probably having post issues here or back home. Remember last year all mail was delayed for six months?\" Boyd asked. Don nodded. Probably was just something to do with the damn army. \"Maybe they lost them.\" Don suggested. Boyd nodded. \"Heads up!\" jack called and seconds later the soccer ball hit the stand that was boiling water and nocked it over. Boyd and Collier jumped to their feet to avoid the water and the ball. \"Sorry!\" Jack called. The two looked over as she ran towards them, an apologetic look taking over her face. They waved it off, assuring her it was fine. \"Hey, you guys should help us out. It's three against five right now. Wanna make it even?\" She asked hopefully. Boyd and Collier shared a look. Jack was not above begging but it would be a last resort. \"Please? I made a bet with Daniel. Kinda need help.\" She explained. \"I'm in.\" Boyd said and looked to Collier. Don nodded and smiled as Jack took the ball back with a giant smile before turning and running back to the group. \"Guys! Got two more players!\" She yelled and Grady and Gordo had never looked more relieved in their lives. It made Don wonder what they were betting on. The two groups spent the next half hour playing and Fury won. Turns out Jack had used a night's worth of rations to gamble with. Daniel and his group reluctantly paid up. As Daniel's group walked away Jack turned to Don and Boyd. \"Let's go, three against two, I got Grady and Gordo. Let's go.\" She said excitedly and began the game before anyone could object. Everyone was laughing and having a good time. Both teams sucked against each other and they got covered in mud. At one point it had been Jack against Don. Jack couln't get past him and Don couldn't get the ball from her. So he cheated. He picked her up around the middle and hoiseted her off the ground she laughed and squealed in surprise and protested. Don kicked the ball to Boyd. \"Bible, take it!\" He yelled. \"Don, you cheater! Put me down!\" Jack ordered laughing as she wiggled and struggled to get free. \"No a chance, sweet heart.\" He laughed and spun her. She was over his shoulder and she grabbed onto the back of his coat to give herself some sense of support. Boyd passed the ball back to him to get it away from gordo. Once Boyd was away from Gordo, Don passed it back. HE eventually put Jack down again who promptly fell into the mud, dizzy and disoriented. She lay there laughing until she couldn't breathe. It had gotten dark around them and they grabbed their new set of rations and began heating them up. The group was laughing and breathless from running around. Their moods had been lifted significantly and Jack was reminded of the time they drank and danced. She realized she loved these guys, she felt at home with them. Each one of them had a special place in her heart. One of them had a slightly different space. While most of them she felt as if they were her brothers, Don was different. Don was so much more than that. He was sturdy, safe. He understood her and she understood him. She loved him and she wasn't afraid of it. She knew there was a good chance they wouldn't make it out of Germany alive, and that was why she hung onto the feeling. If she was going to die, she was going to die with some light in her heart. And even though she wasn't sure he felt the same, she knew he cared about her to some extent. And she was fine if it was on the same level of the other guys. He cared, that's all she needed. She thought back on when she returned from being a prisoner. She threw herself on him and gripped onto his jacket tightly. His arms around her, holding her close, the smell of his coat. It smelled of cigarettes, dirt, sweat, grease. It was his smell and it brought ease to her panicking mind. He was solid and firm and she held every moment of that embrace deep in her heart. The memory of being so close to him helped her sleep at night. Whenever she was scared, she thought of how near Don was and she knew she was safe. Some days she longed to embrace him again and some days she wanted to hold him close and comfort him, protect him from the horrors of the war. But she kept her distance. The next day, the tank had to roll out and retake a town. Not only was fury rolling out, but Daniel's group was too. Jack spent most of the travelling time on top of the tank when she wasn't driving. At one point she went over to Daniel's tank to catch up with him. Daniel could tell there was something between her and Don and he alluded to it ever so slightly. She picked up on it and smacked him. He laughed as she huffed and left to go back to the other tank. \"What's got your panties in a twist?\" Grady asked as she climbed past him to get back in the tank. She struck out her foot and kicked him in the face before crawling over to her hatch and dropping in. \"I'm fucking driving.\" She told Gordo. He let her take over. Gordo laughed at her disposition and asked what was going on. She started bitching about Daniel but never let slip what had actually pissed her off. Gordo just laughed until she shot him a dangerous glare. \"I'll fucking shoot you.\" She threatened. The tone of her voice worried him a little an felt he better get out of the tank for a bit. When he got outside the guys could see the worry on his face. \"She's gonna kill someone.\" He explained. The guys laughed at him. \"You think it's funny? Fine, plan your own funerals.\" He said. \"Yeha right.\" Grady scoffed and got up. He began walking over to Jack's hatch. He leaned over and was met with a hand gun pointing right up at him. He stopped, stood up and walked away. \"She ain't fuckin' around.\" He said as he got back. Boyd and Don laughed to themselves. They knew better than to mess with her. She was still a woman, and in their experience, women were some of the most dangerous people on the planet. Hell hat no fury than a woman scorned. When they finally got to the town everyone got in their positions and when it came to shooting, Jack gunned down everything in their path. When there was a large group of Nazi's running, she laughed manically while looking into her scope. Gordo had to stop and look at her. She had sufficiently freaked out all the men in her group with that laugh. \"Ghost, knock it off. You're freaking everyone out.\" Don called to her. She didn't flinch. \"Fucking grow a pair.\" She called back and continued to laugh to herself. When all was said and done, they climbed out and had to walk around and make sure no one was hiding. After a while, the area was secured and people just milled around. Daniel ran up to Jack and she smacked him again. HE just laughed. \"You can't stay mad at me forever can you?\" He laughed. He was one of those people that had an infectious laugh and Jack fought a smile. \"I can try.\" She said and shoved him to the side. Daniel sighed contentedly. \"So how you like your new group?\" He asked and she looked over her shoulder to the guys. A smile graced her face. \"Love 'em.\" She said turning back to Daniel. He smiled. \"They even gave me a name. More than you guys. Ya'll just gave me a hard time.\" She joked. \"Oh, yeah?\" What's your name?\" He teased. \"Ghost.\" She stated. He looked at her confused and she laughed. \"They are convinced and I can't get killed. Everytime they think I'm dead, I come back. Remember how I told you I got taken? They thought I was dead. First day with them and I almost get blown up saving Grady. Got to a town and they thought I got blown up again. They're convinced I'm not human.\" She joked. Daniel laughed. \"Man, I don't know if you have a shit ton of good luck or a bit of bad luck.\" He teased. She shoved him again. \"Don't be fucking rude.\" She scolded. Their moment of teasing was gone in an instant as bullets ripped through the air. Jack felt something pierce her side and the next thing she knew she was on the ground, looking up. Daniel was above her tapping her face. \"Jack? Jack, can you hear me?\" He repeated worriedly. She tried to respond but only moved her jaw up and down, trying to speak. Don quickly came into view at the opposite side of Daniel, followed by Boyd who dropped to her side. Gordo and Grady were close behind them, they were calling to her, trying to get a response. She felt a pain in her side and maneuvered to see what had happened. There was a hole in her side and she was bleeding. It was a small gash in her side. sHe couldn't see it properly and saw the blood and tear in her shirt. She began to panic. \"Oh, shit. Oh my god. Oh shit.\" She began to panic. Her breathing became shallow and she let her skin get clammy and cold. She found it hard to breathe and she was panicking. \"Oh my gosh, I'm gonna die, I got shot, I'm gonna die.\" She said over and over again. \"No. you're fine, you're gonna be ok.\" Don stated firmly dropping to his knees near her head. She wouldn't listen and insisted she was dying and that they were lying. Jack didn't even know she was crying until Don told her to stop crying. \"Jack, stop crying, you're ok. You're gonna be fine. It just grazed you.\" He lied. It did graze her but a centimeter more and it would have gone through her. She would be fine, but she didn't know that. \"She's going into shock, she doesn't understand what's happening as well as she should.\" Boyd explained without looking up from the wound. Jack didn't hear him but Don did. \"You gotta get her calm.\" \"Jack. You got shot but it's just a graze, kid. You're ok, we got you.\" He tried to reassure her. They had to get her calm or else she really would die. \"Gordo, go get that bottle of liquor from the tank.\" Gordo took off running. Grady went as well to get the first aid kits. Boyd applied pressure on the wound suddenly and she let out a scream more of shock rather than pain. It did hurt but she couldn't feel the full extent of it. \"I –I can't. I can't breathe. I can't breathe.\" She gasped out. She began reaching and scratching at the clothes around her neck. She saw her hands that had been covered in her own blood. She started screaming and collier grabbed her hands in one of his large hands and rested them on her shoulder on the opposite side of where the wound was so her arms were out of Bible's way. Daniel went and unbuttoned the top buttons around her neck. He and Don removed anything that could make her feel restricted. They took her gun so the strap wouldn't make her feel choked. \"Why am I bleeding? Oh my god, did I get shot?\" She asked. \"Yeah. You're gonna be fine. It just grazed you. It's just a flesh wound.\" He stated. \"Am I gonna die?\" She asked quietly and Daniel couldn't help but laugh a little. \"If you were dying, I'd be bent over you getting you to pray, not trying to patch you up.\" Boyd said as he put more pressure on it. She yelped at the pain. \"Why am I crying?\" She asked. \"Why am I on the ground, what happened?\" She asked desperately. She was beginning to panic. \"Someone didn't clear a building. Germans began firing and a bullet grazed you. You hit the ground and I think you hit your head pretty hard.\" Daniel explained. She looked at him as if it was the first time she noticed he was there. He laughed. \"Hey, kiddo.\" He said. Her eyes began going in and out of focus. Don pat her cheek to get her attention. sHe snapped her attention to him. \"Hey, now. Stay with us.\" He ordered gently. \"Remember your first day with us? You saved Coon-ass? Got shrapnel in you? That was worse. This is nothing, you understand?\" He asked. She nodded and her eyes began getting unfocused again. He patted her face. \"Hey. Stay with me ok? You gotta stay awake.\" He ordered. She nodded and shivered slightly. Don shed his jacket quickly and put it on her but made sure to keep it away from the wound. He looked around them, looking for a nearby place to set her, get her off the cold ground. Then he noticed where she was laying. \"We get to a town, and you end up lying in the mud.\" He teased. Fear flashed across her pale face and her eyes started tearing up. \"No iodine. Please no Iodine.\" She begged. \"SH. Sh. Sh. No iodine. I promise.\" Collier said and hd to pat her face again when she started dozing off. \"Hey, hey. Fliegen sie mich zum Mond.\" \"Fliegen sie mich zum Mond.\" She repeated. \"Lassen Sie mich in den Sternen spielen.\" HE said and recognition lightened her eyes. She didn't repeat him but sang the translation. \"Let me play among the stars.\" She sang and continued to sing the rest. \"Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and mars…\" She continued singing. She would zone out at times but Collier got her back to singing. When she finished she was much calmer and was breathing normally. Or as normally as she could with the pain in her side. \"Hey, Jack?\" Boyd asked. \"Yeah.\" She responded tiredly. Don had been running a hand over her hair at the top of her head. She was exhausted, hell they all were. \"Do you know what's going on? What country are you in?\" He asked her. \"China. We're in fucking Germany.\" She snapped. He chuckled and Don smiled down at her. \"I got shot. You guys keep saying I'm going to be ok, so I guess I'll be ok. Where's coon-ass and Gordo?\" She asked, trying to look around. Don looked too. Grady was fighting with a medic and Gordo was pulling him away. \"Goddamnit.\" He muttered. \"Grady's pissing people off, hu?\" She asked and Don confirmed her theory. She laughed a bit. \"So, I'll be fine right?\" She asked. Don looked at her, and nodded. She began laughing and looked at Daniel. \"Told you I can't die.\" She said. Boyd let out a snort of laughter. Soon enough Don and Daniel were laughing as well. Gordo and Grady finally returned and Boyd set about dressing the wound. \"Damn, Jackie. Didn't know you were going to try to prove it.\" Daniel joked. \"Hey, how's our little ghost doin'\" Grady asked as he sat on the ground. \"Got your damn hat. You keep fucking losing it.\" He said and dropped it on her face. She frowned and Don let her use a hand to hold onto it. She tucked it under her chin and closed her eyes. She breathed heavily through her nose. \"I'm really fucking tired.\" She said quietly and Don continued stroking her hair. He still held one of her hands near her shoulder. \"You gotta stay awake for a bit. We don't wanna risk you not waking up.\" He explained. She hummed in response and opened her eyes. \"Bible, you almost done? The mud is soaking my clothes. It's fucking cold.\" She complained. \"I've been done. We just need to keep you still for a little while until we're sure you aren't going into shock.\" He explained. She sighed. \"I'm fine. I'm not going into shock.\" She argued and tried to sit up. Don and Daniel helped her sit. \"You were-\" Bible started and she hit him with her hat before grabbing her side in pain. \"Does it look like I'm going into shock now?\" She challenged and grabbed her side. \"Ow. Ow, that hurts.\" She said quietly. Don helped her up off the ground. She waved off everyone trying to help her walk. Don and Boyd walked with her back to the tank. She made it a few yards limping until she sank to her knees, clutching her side. \"How the hell was I walking and fighting after I got blown up?\" She asked. \"Adrenaline. You've never been shot before but you've had close calls with grenades since you got to Germany.\" Boyd explained and he and Don helped her up. She continued to walk on her own. \"You gotta stop with all these close calls.\" \"Tell that to the Nazi's.\" She grumbled. She looked to her left and saw Don smiling. He put and arm around her and pulled her in for a side hug. Her free arm wrapped around his torso. He quickly left a light kiss on the top of her head before slowly releasing her, a smile on his face. \"Iche Liebe dich\" he told her. She scowled, not understanding what he said. Her German was pretty good, but there was still some things she had to learn. \"What did you say?\" She asked. Don smiled even bigger and walked away. She tried to keep up and Boyd hung back laughing. He knew very little German but he knew what Collier said. \"The fuck did you say, Don?\" She yelled and beat him with her hat. He just sped up, knowing she couldn't keep up. She tripped and he caught her and laughed. He repeated the phrase and she scowled. \"You better not be fucking insulting me, War- Daddy.\" She threatened. She pushed him away as Boyd came up next to them and began walking away. \"You told her in German. Doesn't count.\" He said, nudging Don. The two smiled. \"Nah, she'll figure it out.\" He said with a small smile. \"I bet she already knows it, just doesn't realize it. She's smart.\" He said before cupping a hand next to his mouth and shouting to her. She had gotten good distance away. \"Iche Liebe dich!\" He yelled. She spun around, fuming mad and responded. She held up her middle finger before shouting back. \"Yeah?! Iche Liebe dich to you too, buddy!\" She yelled. Boyd leaned forward laughing and Don laughed along before yelling back to her. \"hey! Where's your gun!\" He called. She spun back around and threw her hands in the air and began yelling to herself as she made her way to the tank. They watched as she struggled to climb up. She still had Don's jacket. \"I'm gonna go grab her gun. Help her in the tank, would ya?\" Don said with a small smile. Boyd smiled and went to help her. They remained in the town for two days before heading back to the base. The entire time they were at the town, Don would say that phrase every so often and she would get so mad at him. Boyd laughed at the two of them in his own time and noticed Don had changed towards her. He usually treated her like everyone else or like a friend. Now, he pulled her into side hugs more often, teased her more often (she would throw it right back) hung around her and got closer into her personal space. She didn't seem to mind. They were almost always talking in German and she would always walk off in a huff when he said that one phrase. She still didn't know what it meant. Grady and Gordo caught on to what was happening and plotted with Boyd. They knew what the two felt for each other and needed to get them to understand that and acknowledge it. Luckily, Christmas was just two weeks away. They had been given Christmas Eve off that year and the three men were going to use it appropriately. Unfortunately, the next two weeks were going to be hell for Jack. When they got back to base camp, they set to repairing the tank. Don went off to talk to people in charge and a few old friends. He returned to the four sitting around a small fire, getting dinner ready. Spirits were up, Christmas was coming. That meant Christmas Carols, a chance at decent food, and alcohol. To Boyd, Grady and Gordo it meant they had to find mistletoe and fast. Don passed out the mail. They had finally gotten letters from Norman. They were old, from a few months ago, and some of the letters looked a bit scorched. Don handed her two letters. One was from Norman and one was from the military. She looked at it curiously and stood. She had been sitting for two long and needed to stretch her legs. She tucked Norman's letter into her pocket and began opening the letter from the army. She was walking away from the tank and not paying attention to where she was going, she was just ambling along. She began to read it aloud but stopped. She hadn't gotten far from her group and Boyd noticed she stopped walking. He nudged Collier when her legs began to shake slightly. Don pulled out of his conversation with Gordo and sat up straight, watching Jack. He jumped to his feet when she sank to her knees. By the time he reached her, she curled in on herself, head resting on the ground and arms wrapped around her stomach, trying to comfort herself. She was sobbing hard and had the letter clutched tightly in her hand. Don knelt next to her and rubbed her back as she sobbed. He gently took the letter from her hand. He pulled her up a bit and pulled her towards him. She just went limp and curled up on her side. Don had sat next to her in the mud. One leg was on the ground and rested under the other leg that propped up. He rested his hand with the letter on the knee that was up off the ground. When Jack turned to lie fully on the ground in a ball, her head rested on his thigh, near his knee and her hand covered her face. Her legs were tucked as close as she could get them to her chest and she sobbed. Boyd, Grady and Gordo stood behind Don as he read the letter quickly, waiting for some information. Don shook his head and sighed through his nose before swearing. \"Shit. Son of a bitch.\" He said and passed it Boyd. Boyd saw one line in the letter as it was passed to him and knew to back away. \"Guys, let's give her some space.\" He said as he tried to usher them away. Gordo moved back to the tank but Grady put up a bit more of a fight. \"The fuck is goin' on?\" He yelled. Boyd pushed him away from the two, promising to explain when they got back to the tank and out of earshot. They left the two sitting in the mud. Don was stroking her head again and let her sob. He didn't say anything for a while and just let her cry. Except for the occasional sob she was silent as tears cascaded down her covered face. When Boyd and Grady and Gordo returned to the tank, they stood in a circle and Boyd leaned against the tank before reading the letter. \"Dear Jack Edwards, First we would like to thank you for your service in the United States Army. Second, I regret to inform you that on September 23 of this year, 1944, your father, Randall Edwards (56), and your nephew, Norman Rogers (9), burned to death in a house fire. The cause of the fire is unknown and under investigation. It is believed to be arson. Again, we are deeply sorry for your loss.\" Boyd finished and rubbed a gloved hand over his face. He could feel his eyes burning and something pulled at his heart. Grady had s few tears escape and her rubbed at his eyes furiously. Gordo had to sit down and he buried his face in his hands. He wasn't crying but he was damn near close. They had all held the little boy close to their hearts. They never got to meet him, but their letters had become highlights of their days, reminded them what they were fighting for and gave them a little joy. Now the world seemed even darker. Don sat and stroked her hair as Jack cried. They sat in silence for a while before Jack spoke quietly. \"I can't. I can't take this.\" She sobbed quietly. \"I can't take this anymore.\" She admitted. Don realized she had hit her breaking point. The pressure of getting shot at everyday wears down everyone and sometimes, people just break. \"Oh, God, Norman. He was so young, he didn't even understand what was going on in the world. He didn't deserve to die.\" \"He's in a better place now.\" Don assured her. \"He's safe now. Nothing can touch him. Not fire, not a monster, not even Hitler himself can touch that boy.\" Don told her quietly. She continued to cry but moved her hands down to reveal her eyes. She stared straight at his jacket as she spoke. \"I was gonna raise him. He was gonna be my kid. Once I got home from here, I was gonna sign all the papers and adopt him. He was the only thing that kept me going. He's the whole reason I'm here.\" She spoke quietly and Don continued to stroke her hair. \"What am I going to do, now? I don't even have a place to go home to?\" She asked as she covered her face again. Don sighed quietly. She had a point and he felt for her. He hated seeing her so torn up. \"I'm sure you could come home with us. Visit us all before you head out to find a place to call home. Although I don't think Mrs. Boyd would be too pleased to learn he was working with another woman for so long in the army.\" He teased and she choked out a laugh. Her hands left her face and rested on his leg. She had stopped sobbing but tears still fell down her face. They had been there for a good half hour. She moved a hand and rested it on her side, where the bullet had ripped through. \"He would have thought the bullet wound was so cool. He thought it was awesome when I got blown up and set on fire.\" She choked out another laugh. \"He loved Captain America. It'd be nice if Captain America was real. Maybe then it'll feel like we were winning.\" She said quietly and tried to stop crying. Don let her cry and kept stroking her head. His hand and shifted so his hand ran from the part in her hair near her face and ran along her hairline and behind her ear. He stopped and rested and ungloved hand on her cheek and his thumb wiped away a few tears. She looked up to him and rested he hand on top of his. \"I'm so sorry for this.\" She said quietly and tried to sit up. \"I should have kept it together.\" She said quietly and fresh tears made their way down her face. Don just watched her with sympathy. She rubbed at her face harshly. \"Damnit!\" She cursed herself as the tears began to flow again. Don sighed gently and wrapped an arm behind her back and pulling her into him. And she wrapped her hands around his torso and gripped tightly onto the back of his jacket. His hand ran through her hair. He noticed it had gotten longer. It was just long enough for her to put in a short ponytail. Jack buried her head in his chest and he held her close. It was late at night and not many people were out. Anyone how did see them knew about Jack anyway. Don sat with her and stroked her hair and let her cry. After everything she had been through, she deserved it and she needed it. Don began to hum. He started with Parting glass. She had mentioned it was her favorite and she had sung it often enough that he could remember all of it. After that song he hummed Fly Me to the Moon by Frank Sinatra. He actually sang that one, quietly, so no one else would hear. She smiled into his chest when she stopped crying She fell asleep to him humming and stroking her hair. When Don noticed she was asleep, he picked her up and carried her over to the tank. Grady helped put her on the tank and Grady pulled a thick blanket out of the tank and covered her with it. Don noticed the red around the man's eyes. The men sat around the fire, mostly silent. \"Do you think she'll be ok after this?\" Boyd asked. \"Yeah.\" Don answered curtly. Boyd looked at him, not completely convinced, and pulled out a cigarette. It hung in his mouth and he tossed the pack to Don who took one as well. \"She'll be fine.\" Don assured, not completely believing it himself. She was strong, yes, but everyone had their limit. They weren't sure if she would ever be even close to the way she used to be. They had hope she would be ok and able to function, but they weren't sure. They had seen it happen before. Men get letters of deaths or a wife wanting a divorce and they just lose it. They don't last the week. Some are able to move past it, but most lose hope. Some shoot themselves; others let the Germans do it for them. Don swore to himself he wouldn't let Jack do that to herself. The next week Don kept her close to the tank. Whenever they had to get out and scope, he was with her. HE wanted to make sure she wouldn't try anything and after about a week she caught on. She confronted him. She marched right up to him. \"I'm not gonna kill myself.\" She stated firmly with her hands on her hips. IT took him off guard for a second. \"I'm sad, yes. I'm devastated. Sure he was the reason I'm here, but I'm ok. Just because he's dead doesn't mean I am.\" She stated firmly. Don smiled slightly at her. \"What are you here for then?\" He asked quietly. She smiled and looked at the guys near the tank. She smiled. She hadn't smiled like that all week. \"Someone's gotta keep you assholes alive.\" She joked. Don laughed, relieved. She would be ok. A little worse for wear but Jack would be ok. He set a hand on her head and she smiled. \"Iche liebe dich.\" HE said quietly. She scowled and swatted at his hand, knocking it off her head. \"Oh, fuck you.\" She grumbled. He chuckled. \"You still haven't figured it out?\" He teased. He had held back on teasing the past week. Jack was glad he was back to teasing her. She had missed it. Yes, she was still very upset Norman had passed, she was still trying to heal from that, but she had an important duty. She had to keep the only family she had left alive. The members of Fury were her family now and she would keep them alive. The day before Christmas Eve, the group was returning to base from taking another nearby town. They were tired and ready for a well-deserved break. They rolled the tank in and parked it. Boyd set about making a fire for food and coffee. War Daddy went off to the officer's area and Jack and Gordo started talking. Grady was helping Boyd get a fire going. \"Wish we had some beer or some hard stuff, help getting the holiday going.\" Jack admitted. Gordo laughed at her. \"You go hard, man. Can't even hold it good.\" Gordo laughed. She scoffed. \"I can hold my liquor fine. Go hard or go home.\" She said as she shoved him. sHe looked around and saw wreaths and hand made attempts at decorations. \"We need to do something about our tank.\" \"The fuck are you talkin' about?\" Grady asked. Jack looked at the tank. There had to be some way to decorate it. An idea popped into her head so fast it almost made her jump. She ripped her gun off her and tossed it to Gordo. \"Hold this, I gotta plan!\" She yelled and took off running. \"War Daddy's gonna beat yo' ass!\" Gordo called. She kept running. She bumbped into Collier on her way and didn't stop to explain. He came over to the group and asked what was going on. They shrugged. They had no clue either. Don sighed through his nose at the sight of her gun. Gordo shrugged. Jack ran around base until she found what she was looking for. She returned to Fury and dropped the huge tarp on the ground. \"Don't touch it.\" She said as she climbed into the tank until she found a small hatchet. She took off again and this time went outside the base. She approached the tree line and started hacking small branches off the evergreen trees. While she was out there it started to snow. She stopped and looked up. No matter where she was, she loved snow. Jack grabbed her branches and headed back. She rejoined the group and dropped the branches. Jack grabbed the large tarp by the corners and approached the tank with a smile. sHe looked back to the men expectantly. \"You gonna help?\" She asked. They shared looks and Boyd and Grady stepped over. She began directing them. Grady stood on one side of the cannon and Boyd stood on the other side. She climbed up and Grady handed her part of the tarp. She pulled it up and over the canon and tossed it over to Boyd. The two men caught on to what she was doing and spread it out. She climbed down after grabbing some things from inside the tank. Jack grabbed some long pieces of metal and a small hammer. She hammered the pieces of metal on the corners of the tarp like stakes. Don and Gordo stood together watching what was going on. The tarp was large enough to be able to fit all five of them in. Jack had grabbed string as well and began making a wreath out of some of the branches. \"The hell are you doin'\" Don asked as he approached her. She looked up at him like it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"I'm decorating. The hell are you doing?\" She challenged. He pointed to the two bottles of hard liquor he had set on a crate and she smiled \"Merry fucking Christmas.\" She laughed. She got up and moved to put the wreath over the top of the canon. She couldn't reach. She tried tossing it but she missed. She turned to the guys. \"Anyone wanna help?\" She challenged. They guys shared a look and a few smiles. Before long, Jack was sitting on Colliers shoulders as he walked towards the tank. She finally got the wreath on and Don tipped her back. Grady caught her and set her down. Boyd laughed at the whole situation and laughed harder when Don knocked her back off his shoulders. She yelped in shock. She glared at Don playfully as one of the bottles were passed around. Grady had walked off and came back with another tarp. He and Gordo spread it over the ground. They were gonna sleep in the tent while they had the chance. Night was falling quickly and the group drank and ate and celebrated. A few other units who were on leave for the next few days came over and started their own fires and brought bottles of alcohol that were passed around to everyone. Someone actually had phonograph and used it. They had music, liquor and fire. It was a good evening. Some of the guys thought it would be funny to dance with each other. Don took the opportunity to dance with Jack. Once they got dancing they told her the phrase again and she got frustrated and tried to slap him. He wouldn't let go of her hands and laughed at her. She hit her head on his chest and she felt it rumble with laughter. She began laughing too. She rested her hands on his chest and Don let his hands wander down to rest on her hips. They danced like that until someone decided to turn the music off. Some still had to go to battle the next day and would need some sleep. Jack started to pull away but Collier held her waist firmly and kissed her on the cheek. Jack froze for a second before smiling. \"You gonna escort a lady back to her place?\" She asked. Jack may have been drinking a bit too much. She was still very aware of what was going on, but had a bit of liquid courage in her system. She had enough to flirt with her Sergeant. Don chuckled before answering. \"What lady?\" He teased. Jack let her jaw drop and let out an indignant sound and smiled. She swatted at him and snorted through her nose. She was absolutely adorable. \"C'mon, let's get back.\" He ushered her to the large tent they put up. They all headed in. Each had their own blanket and used kept their jackets and shoes on as well. Don rested on the far side near the edge of the tarp with his hands behind his head. Next to him was Jack, then Grady, Bible and Gordo. Don was on his back and Jack practically face planted, resting on her stomach and using her arms as pillows. Grady was on his back, Bible was on his side facing Gordo. Gordo was on his back. This was not how they woke up. First, Jack rolled onto her side and pressed her back to his side. Grady rolled onto his side as Jack brought her knees up and pressed them into his back. They remained like that until Boyd rolled onto his back and an arm smacked Grady, making him roll over onto his back and onto her legs. She groaned and twisted in her sleep, rolling over to face Don and free her legs She swung both of them over top of his and one of his arms reached over and rested around her as he rolled to face her. Sometime in the night she rolled back over and kicked Grady and Don kept and arm around her. Gordo rolled over and kicked Boyd. They all shifted and kicked in their sleep. They even rolled closer to each other for warmth. When they woke up they were a mess. Gordo and Boyd had somehow managed to rest horizontal in the tent next to each other. They were back to back. Gordo's feet were to the tarp and Boyd's feet were on Grady's chest. Gordo was using one of Grady's shins for his head. Grady was spread out. Don was back to his original position. He was on his back and his legs were crossed at the ankles. The only thing that was different were his arms. One was resting around Jack's middle and the other rested on his stomach behind her head. Jack was using his stomach as a pillow and her legs were next to Boyd's on top of Grady. It was pretty funny. They all woke up around the same time but didn't other getting up immediately. They were surprisingly comfortable. Don kept his eyes closed but ran his hand through Jack's hair. He found himself doing that a lot and enjoying it. Jack hummed and woke to feeling Collier's stomach rising and sinking. She rubbed her face on his chest and she felt his chest rumble in amusement. She smiled. Waking up that morning, she realized it was the best morning she had since she arrived in Germany. She didn't want to get up and move. She'd be fine if she could stay there all day. She loved waking up with her head on Collier's chest and having his hand running through her hair. The morning was ruined by Grady. \"The fuck am I? Some fucking foot rest?\" He grunted and began shoving everyone off him. Boyd groaned and kicked him. \"C'mon man. Shut up.\" Gordo grunted. Jack groaned and brought her knees up closer to her chest and pulled the blanket tighter around her. \"Fuck you guys. I'm hungry.\" He grunted as he made his way outside. Don sighed through his nose. Jack's stomach growled and Don laughed quietly. \"Might as well.\" Boyd said as he sat up. \"At least we got the day off.\" He said. Everyone made their way out of the tent and they started up the fire again. It was a lazy morning and the group was actually able to let their exhaustion hit them. They would lounge around that day. It had snowed a few inches so they decided to sit in the tent for the day, only leaving if they absolutely had to. Someone with a camera came by at one point and took their picture. It was one of those cameras that printed immediately, a polaroid. He gave the picture to Jack and took another picture and kept that one. She had to trade a few cigarettes for it, but the trade was worth it. She smiled at it and would hang it on her wall in the tank later. They all felt silly sitting in their little tent but no one wanted to step outside. When Jack looked outside, she saw a few others doing the same. sHE smiled to herself, proud of herself. They played cards, talked, slept, drank, ate, and sang some carols. It was a good Christmas Eve and Jack felt at home and safe. She didn't want the day to end. But all good things come to an end. It was just what she needed. She needed some good in her life to remind her why she was fighting. And her group was good. Sorry it took so long, hope you guys enjoyed it. One more chapter and then norman comes in. Next chapter may be short but not crazy short. Please review it makes my day. Any plot suggestions, let me know. Love you guys.[Chapter 7] Hell Hath None 7- We might be dead by tomorrow, Soko Ok so last chapter before norman is introduced. Hope you guys enjoy. And im sorry. Also, guest that reviewed- I know how you feel. As for everyone else, holy hell I love you guys thank you so much for sticking with it so far. The Christmas Eve they had off was a break from the horrible reality. Right after they got back into duty, they were sent on an assignment that would smack them back to reality. They were tasked with helping to liberate a concentration camp. They were part of a second wave to ensure the camp was freed. By the time the tank Fury arrived, the camp was liberated but it did not make it any less horrific. The smell of burning flesh lingered in the air and Jack gagged at the smell. She would have to wait a couple of days before she could eat without the threat of vomiting. She wasn't alone. Even though the ovens had been stopped, the smell and the smoke thickened the air and made it difficult to breathe. As they rolled in, they could see piles and piles of rotting corpses, they were just flesh and bones. A heavy feeling of suffering weighed down the Americans as they passed the skeletons that were up and walking around, flocking to them for help, for food, for something. Their eyes were sunken in and hollow. They looked dead themselves. They were ordered to leave the tank and help out where they could. Some had to help the survivors who were injured or needed medical assistance. Some of them had to be on guard and the rest had to help organize the survivors. Jack was assigned to help get the families and friends back together and into groups. This was to be done so they had their names on a record of who they were transporting out of the camp. She also had to see who needed medical assistance and helped direct them to where they could get help. It was chaos and madness. If someone was on the ground you couldn't tell if they were dead or asleep. Jack made that mistake a few times. Around midday, two trucks rolled in with blankets and food. Jack and a few other soldiers lit large fires to make food and keep warm. Tents were set up for stations. Jack bumped into some of her tank members through the day but didn't get a chance to talk to any of them. They were all too busy. Towards the evening, people began settling down near the fires and the soldiers passed out food and water. Jack had time to look around and see everyone. The camp had few women and children survivors and she didn't want to stop and think why there were so few. With all the sorrow and suffering the people had gone through, there was still a faint joy and relief that seeped through the thick fog of death. These people were alive and they were going to be ok. Jack had the privilege of reuniting families and friends. She also bared the burden of those who had no one to return to, those who were the only person left of their family. She could offer no comfort or solace to those who suffered loss. The only comfort she had for herself was watching those loved ones be reunited. People were crying with joy, embracing their loved ones, kissing their loved ones, holding them close. Jack was able to smile at that. She was glad even a few were able to feel the joy of holding their family close again. One that stuck in Jack's mind was a couple. They were older, but not old enough to have been killed when they first entered the camp. The woman threw herself on the man and kissed him deeply. They spoke rushed as she cried tears of joy and Jack could just barely understand what they were saying. What struck her to her core was a phrase they repeated to each other so often. Jack knew the phrase and only just realized what it meant. She was frozen in her spot momentarily. She didn't have long to dwell on it when someone approached her for assistance. She shoved it into the back of her head with all her might, now was not the time to worry about it. AS the sun set and people settled in for the night, the American soldiers wandered around checking on the survivors. They had all been placed into the large brick buildings rather than those small, cramped, wooden barracks. A few fires were still burning brightly out in the yards, providing those outside with light. During the day, Jack had come across a little boy who had no family left. His last remaining family member, his aunt, had passed the night before. He would have been around Norman's age. He would be left with another family when the Americans departed, but Jack let him follow her around and stick close to her. When she had a little free time, she would carry him around. She would hold him on her hip as she did her rounds. When he started getting sleepy, she wrapped him tightly in a blanket and sang to him until he fell asleep. She left him with a family in a small corner. Jack and other American soldiers had to do rounds to check on the people. Some didn't make it through the night and had to be taken outside so not to distress the others. Jack made sure to check on the little boy every chance she got. He made it through the night. The Americans remained there for a few days before another, large unit, with trucks and vehicles and supplies arrived to take their place Those few days Jack hardly got glimpse of her tank mates. When the order was given for her to return to Fury, she wasted no time. She wanted to leave the camp badly. When she arrived at the tank she met up with Gordo. They hugged, relieved to see each other again. \"I'm ready to leave.\" She admitted. \"I want to get as far away from here as possible.\" She said quietly. Gordo nodded in agreement. He had to remove the dead bodies from the area and stand on guard the whole time they were there. \"Man, I know what you mean.\" He nodded. \"This place is horrible. How can they do that to people?\" HE asked outraged. Jack shrugged in defeat. It was a mystery to her too. Eventually they were joined by the rest of the group. Don was the last to arrive and he gave the order to start rolling out. They all started to climb into the tank. No one had managed to actually get seated in the tank when a small boy's voice cried across the yard. Jack had just opened her hatch but her head snapped to the boy calling to her. \"Jack! Jack! Lass mich nicht! (don't leave me) Sie konnen mich nicht verlassen! (you can't leave me!)\" the little boy cried as he ran across the yard towards the tank, pursued by two American soldiers. Jack jumped off the tank and began sprinting to the little boy. He was sobbing and calling out to her. When she was close enough she dropped to her knees and opened her arms, letting him run into her. He sobbed into her shoulder and grabbed onto her tightly. Her heart felt for him. He had just lost everyone and now she was leaving him too. She comforted him and eventually got him to stop crying. It took her awhile before she could get him to let go. By then she had stood up and held him on her hip. She promised him she would keep in touch and that they could write to each other, she had to promise him he would be safe with the two American soldiers who had chased him. She eventually was able to pass him off to one of the soldiers who promised to do his best to make sure the boy was safe. It took a while but the boy eventually went with the soldiers, clutching the information he needed to write to her in his little fist. Jack went back to her tank. \"The fuck was that about?\" Grady asked as he climbed in. \"Looks like jack made a friend.\" Boyd commented. Jack smiled and nodded as she climbed up. \"Sorry, guys. Poor kid doesn't have family. Guess he just got attached.\" She explained. Jack caught War Daddy's gaze and held it for a few seconds before smiling and slipping through the hatch and into her seat. They fired up the tank and rolled out. Each was glad they were able to leave. Jack wished the best for the survivors and admired their strength. sHe doubted she would survive a hell like that. When she had been taken by the Nazi's they did take her to a concentration camp for a few days but she didn't stay with the rest of the people they held captive. While at the concentration camp, they had received orders to go retake a town again. It was easy to retake and they spent a night there. Jack had found food in a pantry and made them a real dinner. They inhaled it all. While everyone was settling down for the night, Collier passed her and told her that German phrase again. It startled her and she remembered she had figured it out. He had passed her before she could tell him. But what was she going to tell him? She loved him, yes. But why tell him? They couldn't do anything about it in Germany. Then she remembered that they were in a war. Tomorrow wasn't guaranteed. She didn't get a chance (or courage) to tell him until March 15, 1945, a few months later. March 15, would be a day that would be remembered by everyone in the tank Fury. And Gordo, Grady and Boyd were able to watch it happen. They were told to go take a town. They did. It was normal and nothing special at first. Once it was taken, they had to get out of the tank and make sure the area was clear. Jack went on her own into a building. No one was there. Once she cleared it, she headed out to the town square where more soldiers were gathering around. She saw a line of Nazi soldiers being lined up and lead away. She stood by and watched them. The Americans were milling around, looting, eating, drinking. Jack was still walking around, stretching her legs. Jack came face to face with Collier. She smiled at him. She felt butterflies rising in her stomach. It had been happening since she learned what the phrase meant. \"Ich liebe dich.\" He said and tried to walk past her. She reached out her arm and stopped him, a small frown on her face. \"You keep saying that.\" She stated firmly. Don met her slight glare with a firm look of his own. \"You keep saying it at the oddest times.\" She noted with a small smile of victory. \"Like you didn't want to give me a chance to respond.\" She rested her hands on her gun, imitating his stance. His mouth twitched into a smile. He looked over her shoulder and to the side a bit. Boyd was watching from the tank with Grady and Gordo. You would think they were waiting for one of them to attack the other. But with Jack it wouldn't be much of surprise if she went after one of them. \"So, you figured it out?\" He asked, looking back at her with his small smile and stepped closer into her personal space. Jack's smile stretched to show her teeth and her face slightly reddened. She let out a small, quiet laugh. \"Yeah.\" She nodded and looked at him. \"Yeah, I did. And I gotta be honest, Don, I-\" she was cut off. She never got a chance to finish that sentence. Warmth spread over Don as he held her in his arms. Two bullets had just burst through her chest. The warmth was the spray of her blood over his face and shirt. He held her limp in his arms, the sound of gunshots filling the air, grenades going off around him. Her blood spilled over him and pooled on the ground. He held her in his arms and was oblivious to the world around him. She never got to finish that sentence. So please, review. Tell me what you think. Sorry it's so short but hey next one will be longer and Norman comes in. That'll be an adventure. I hope to have next chapter up this week. Also, were you guys shocked at the end? Like could you see it coming?[Chapter 8] Hell Hath None 8- Oblivion Don entered the tank again from taking out a Nazi officer on a white horse. He looked at the assistant driver seat where the man they had been working with for the past month had been blown to bits. Idiot kept his hatch open. The man hadn't won his way into their hearts like Jack had, but it still sucked none the less. Don wondered if that seat was cursed. Grady cursed and hit the tank where it spat out sparks at him as Don settled into his seat. Grady asked if Don got the Nazi. Don responded. Bible was messing with Jack's gold necklace. They had to take down her stuff for the new guy. Sergeant Collier held on to all of her letters and pictures. Bible took the necklace with the Saint Christopher pendant. He took the cross pendant off it and gave it to Gordo. Gordo put it on a small chain and hung it with the Nazi crosses. Gordo was messing with it and holding onto the guy with his other. Collier yelled at him to leave him be. Grady yelled at Collier, blaming him and yelling at him for ridding them. Grady and Don argued for a bit. Then Don and Gordo got on each other about languages. Don pulled Bible in it. \"I expect all of you to pull your shit together.\" Don ordered. Bible spoke to him. \"You should stop ragging on everyone. Her number came up. His number came up. Wasn't your fault.\" Bible said factually. The death o the new guy added to Don's guilt about Jack. \"Didn't do anything for 'em either.\" Don said. Eventually, Grady fixed the damn thing and they were able to get out of there. They rolled into camp quiet, serious and solemn. The group needed a break but there was no way they would be getting it any time soon. They parked and started fixing up the tank. They put off cleaning up the mess for a while and Don wanted to walk away after they pulled the man's body out of the tank. But he had a job to do. He ordered them around and got them to work. They were all a bit put off by the new guy dying. He was alright, they had liked him. After he gave the orders, much to Boyd's protesting, he walked off. He could be found crouched down behind a tank of fuel and used a tire to keep himself propped up. He tried to focus on breathing. First what had happened to Jack, now this guy comes in, lasts a month, and gets blown up. He was still messed up about Jack. Jack. His thoughts drifted to her. He couldn't help the smile on his face when he thought about how she would react if she saw him so messed up about what happened. She'd tell him off, he could practically hear her. \"The fuck are you doing? Get your shit together. It wasn't your fault.\" She would chew him out and he would let her. Once Collier got himself collected, he stood and walked away. His was caught off guard when a boy ran over to him, claiming to be his new driver. He flashed back to when he first met Jack. The conversation Don had with Private Ellis was so similar to when he first met her. But while Jack had been firm and determined, this boy looked as if he was gonna shit himself. Eventually he gave up and pointed to the tank. He spoke in a slightly more gentle tone about the tank, told him it was home. As Don walked away, he realized fate a cruel sense of humor and that Norman was going to get a lot of shit for his first name. Norman walked over awkwardly and tried to introduce himself. He stuck out his hand and told Boyd his name. All three men froze and stared at him. He shifted awkwardly and told them why he was there. \"Who the fuck put you up to this?\" Grady spat at him and got off the tank. Boyd stopped him from advancing. \"No one. He's our new replacement. Back off.\" Bible said. Gordo circled around him and did the same thing he did to Jack about a year ago. This time, he took Norman's bag. Norman asked which way was the front and Boyd damn near chewed him out. Norman yelled at Gordo to leave his stuff alone. \"Where's your smokes?\" Gordo asked. \"I don't smoke.\" He answered. Gordo shook his head in surprise. \"You're a bastard.\" HE stated. \"Crazy ass new driver.\" Gordo said while he shoved Norman's stuff back in his bag. \"Yeah, he aint the first crazy fucker we have though.\" Grady said as he leaned back on the tank. Bible nodded. \"You sure your name's Norman?\" Boyd asked, catching Norman's attention. He looked at Boyd confused. \"You sure you wanna stick with that? If someone told you to say that, you're gonna wanna tell us now, kid.\" He said. \"My name's Norman.\" He insisted. Boyd shook his head and asked the kid about tank school. It felt familiar to when he ask Jack, but Jack answered differently. She had more fire to her, more strength. This kid looked like he could be knocked over by a gust of wind. The three men figured they would treat him like they treat every new comer. Where you from? Did you go to tank school? You saved? \"Before you fins Jesus, better come take a look at your seat. Won't be yours for long, but for now\" Grady beat on the tank, \"This is where you gonna be.\" He pointed. \"Get a bucket of hot water from the kitchen. You gonna wanna get that shit cleaned.\" Grady said. Norman went away and the three men shared looks. \"You think War Daddy knows?\" Gordo asked. Boyd shrugged. \"I don't know. I hope so.\" Boyd admitted. Grady whistled. \"I do not wanna fuck with them.\" Grady said before climbing back the tank. \"Let the figure it out on their own.\"He said and sniffed. \"They should be back soon, anyway.\" He added and the men nodded and went about their work. Before long Norman was back and cleaning up his area. He looked around the tank. His seat was empty of any personal items. The only thing on the walls was a crudely scratched out sentence. Ghost was here. He wondered who ghost was.. Norman ignored it and set to cleaning up the blood. He gagged a bit but pushed on anyway. He reached his limit when he saw the man's face on the floor. HE got out of the tank and threw up everything. Collier turned in his seat and watched him. He did not want to deal with another person throwing up. He didn't mind it so much with Jack, she had a more solid reason in his mind. Plus, she hadn't vomited since the weeks she returned form being prisoner. She was fine after that. Don didn't know if he could deal with someone who had such a weak stomach. This was Germany. The kid was gonna have to man up. Thunder roared overhead. Or was it bombs? Norman wasn't sure. Don watched his platoon and watched Norman try to cope with what he was seeing. Collier felt for the kid on some levels. He had only been in Germany 8 weeks and then got stuck in his platoon. Someone probably wanted the kid dead if they stuck him in Fury. Don's attention was pulled to the German being escorted through camp. Don recognized him. He was the same son of a bitch Boyd had to pull Jack off of. He was up and at the German. Norman watched as Boyd went to pull Collier off the German. Gordo stood next to him. They both watched and Norman looked at Gordo funny when he started to chuckle. \"What's so funny?\" Norman asked confused. \"While ago, Boyd had to pull Ghost off the same Kraut.\" Gordo said as he leaned against the tank and pulled out a cigarette. \"Who is Ghost? He put his name insi-\"Gordo cut him off. \"Her. Ghost is a her.\" Gordo said. Norman was confused. Gordo told Norman about how Jack was a girl. He began to explain why they gave her that name when Norman asked. \"First day with us, she save Grady's dumb ass from a grenade and gets shrapnel in her side. Same day, we thought she got done in by another fucking grenade.\" He pulled in on his cigarette and exhaled before continuing. \"While later gets taken by fucking Nazi's.\" \"Is that what happened to her? Why she's gone?\" Norman asked. Grady smacked him upside the head as he walked by. \"Shut your fuckin' mouth and listen.\" He said and walked around to the other side of the tank. Gordo continued. Norman was absorbed in the story about this girl soldier. He wanted to know what happened to her. \"She was gone for two fuckin' months. Army was convince she was dead. Nah, man. She was fine. Shaken up and starved but fine. During her escape she ripped a guy's throat out with her teeth.\" Gordo pointed to his neck for emphasis. Norman was taken aback. She sounded like a pscyho. \"No matter what happened to her, she just wouldn't die or stay down. We figured we'd call her that. You can't kill a ghost, man.\" He finished and shoved Norman's shoulder before beginning to climb back on the tank. \"Get back to cleaning.\" \"What happened to her?\" Norman asked. Gordo paused and looked over his shoulder. \"How did she die?\" He asked timidly. Gordo smirked at the kid. \"You can't kill no fucking ghost, kid.\" He smirked and told Norman accusingly. No sooner had Gordo said it than a familiar voice called out to her comrades. \"Hey, assholes!\" Sorry guys I just felt so bad, I had to update again. Plus im not tired. Its like 3:30 right now. In the morning. So I have this chapter up for you guys, I kept it short because I felt bad. Let me know what you think. I love you guys and your reviews are my life. Like thank you guys so much.[Chapter 9] Fury 9- What do I even call his one? What song? Everybody Wants to Rule the World- Lorde listen to it ohmygod Norman turned to see a young woman, only a few years older than him, making her way over, waving a gloved hand in the air. She had a smile on her face that was covered in dirt. Norman couldn't speak. His surprise left him immobile. Gordo looked at him and laughed before hopping back off the tank and making his way over to the girl. Grady walked away from the tank as well and Boyd was quick to follow. They were only a few feet from the tank when Grady picked her up off the ground in a bear hug. She laughed as he spun her around. Even though they were in a war zone, their behavior didn't seem out of place. Norman couldn't help but be comforted by this woman and the ease she radiated. He slowly climbed down the tank and made his way shyly over to the group. \"Missed you, jack.\" Bible said. \"How's your arm?\" He asked. Jack made a sour face before shrugging. \"It's fine. Shoulder's soar though.\" She said. Her hand rested on her shoulder as she rotated it. \"C'mon, man, show us the scar! Or they got it still wrapped up?\" Gordo asked and tapped her arm. Jack moved her jacket down her arm and revealed bandages wrapping around her shoulder. Closer to her neck, Norman caught sight of a flesh would that was uncovered. \"What happened there? Near your neck?\" He asked quietly. Everyone turned to him and Jack looked at him as if he was any other soldier. She pointed to the bandage. \"Same that happened here. Who the fuck are you?\" She asked and fixed her coat and shirt. Norman opened his mouth to speak but Boyd slightly pushed Norman behind him and spoke first. \"He's the assistant driver they gave us. The new guy died so they gave us him, at least until you got back.\" Boyd stated. Jack narrowed her eyes at him, he was hiding something. \"I'm the fucking assistant. Newbie got his ass blown up. I'm taking my seat back.\" She said and shoved past them and bumped her good shoulder against Norman's arm. Norman caught Gordo's look. \"That's Ghost. You know what's good for you, stay on her good side.\" He suggested before heading back to the tank. \"Where the fuck is Don?\" She asked from on top of the tank. \"I want my stuff back up on my walls.\" \"Ain't your walls anymore, sweet heart.\" Grady informed her gruffly. She sent him a glare and then turned to look accusingly at Norman. \"Don's over talking to people.\" Grady said and pointe in the general direction. Jack sighed and climbed back off the tank and approached Norman. Norman noticed they were off and on the tank a lot, almost like they couldn't make up their minds. He stood still as Jack approached him. He wanted to stay on her good side like Gordo suggested. She wasn't scary and she wasn't exactly intimidating, but Norman was a gentleman. She stuck out her hand. \"I'm Jack. Welcome to Fury.\" She said sarcastically. Norman took her hand a shook it, giving her a small smile. Jack stared at him with a small frown. He was a few inches taller than her and a few years younger. He was just a kid, so young. \"How long you been here?\" She asked. \"Eight weeks.\" He answered. She nodded and looked him up and down. \"Be you haven't been in the war zone yet. You know how to shoot?\" She asked. He shook his head and she sighed through her nose. She turned back to the tank where the guys had began working again. \"Hey, someone teach this little shit how to shoot. I'm gonna go find Don.\" She called. Boyd and Gordo groaned and Grady emerged out of the tank. They shoved the job onto him. He complained but gave in. Norman was about to walk over to him when Jack stopped him. \"Hey, what's your name? Never got it.\" Everyone on the tank froze. Norman offered a small smile. \"I'm Norman.\" HE stopped when Jack froze and her expression hardened. \"Excuse me?\" She asked harshly. \"The fuck did you say your name was?\" She bit at him and took a step towards him. Norman put his hands up and stepped back. He opened his mouth to say his name when Jack grabbed him by his shirt and tossed him into the mud. Norman heard the guys protesting and was startled when Jack was sitting on top of him, hitting and screaming at him. Norman tried to block her hands but was too shocked to do much else. He caught glimpses of the guys trying to stop her and calm her down. He was too focused on what she was yelling. \"YOU FUCKING LIAR! LIAR! YOU THE FUCK PUT YOU UP TO IT! I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! I'LL KILL EVERYTHIGN YOU FUCKING LOVE YOU FUCKING DEAD SHIT!\" Boyd picked her up around the waist and began dragging her back. Gordo helped Norman up and the kid froze at the feral look of hatred in her eyes as she continued to yell. \"YOU'RE A DEAD MAN! YOU'RE FUCKING DEAD I GIVE YOU A DAY BEFORE A KRAUT SHOOTS YOU PATHETIC ASS, YOU FUCKING LIAR!\" She screeched. Boyd dragged her away and Gordo and Grady were left to explain to Norman why he was the most unlucky person to be assigned to them. \"Hey! Hey! Knock it off!\" Boyd yelled as he dragged her away. \"Don't make me put you back in the medic tent!\" He challeneged. She struggled and tripped over her own feet while he dragged her farther away. \"Fucking try it.\" She dared. Boyd sighed and lifted her up to stand. He grabbed her shoulders firmly but made sure to avoid the gunshot wound. \"It's his name. Nothing you can do about it. Look, no one is happy about this.\" He said and go down to her eye level. She glared. \"He can't control it, you have no reason to hate the kid. He's in as much of a shitty position as the rest of us.\" Boyd said tiredly. Jack sighed through her nose again. Boyd didn't expect and apology and he didn't get one. \"You guys look like shit.\" She said quietly. Boyd let her go and he smiled, laughing slightly at her observation. The tension lessened and her easy nature returned. Don approached the two and eyed them warily. He had seen her freak out and had moved to step in but let it go when he saw Boyd drag her away. \"The hell was all that about?\" Don asked, pinning her with a stare. She shifted guiltily. Boyd shook his head and walked away, leaving the two to talk. \"His name, hu?\" Don asked guessing right. She looked down and put her hands on her hips. \"I was coming to look for you, let you know. But McMurphy said you discharged yourself. You need to keep care of your shoulder.\" He stated firmly. Jack looked at him with a firm but caring stare. \"Don. I won't attack Norman again, if you stop attacking yourself for the gunshots. It wasn't your fault. No one saw them coming.\" He said quietly and put a hand on his arm. He looked at her and stepped in slightly closer. Jack looked up and felt his breath on her face. Her eyes drifted closed and she inhaled, smelling the cigarette smoke, dirt and tank grease. She hadn't seen her boys in a few weeks and missed each one. But Jack missed Don more, missed his presence, his strength. Don whispered to her. \"Ich liebe dich.\" He breathed quietly. She snapped open her eyes and glared at him playfully. She took off a glove and smacked his arm. \"Last time you said that I got shot.\" She joked. He smiled at her and she laughed quietly before looking at Don, studying the face she had missed. He had so many scars on his face and one side was covered in soot. She pulled her sleeve of her jacket and balled it in her fist. She raised her hand and began wiping some of the soot off his face. He smiled at her actions. \"You guys look like shit.\" She said quietly and rested her other hand on his chest. She couldn't hold his gaze. \"What's wrong?\" He asked her gently. \"You guys look so tired, worn down.\" She admitted quietly. \"I worried about you guys.\" She said with a shrug and moved to remove her hand from wiping his face. He grabbed her hand. \"We're fine. Jack, you're the one with a fucking bullet hole and you're worried about us?\" He laughed. She made a face and took her hand away. \"We're fine. Tired but fine. C'mon. We gotta role out.\" HE said and let her go. \"You letting me go?\" She asked. HE looked at her as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. She cheered and ran past him to the tank. \"Mama's back you sons of bitches!\" She yelled as she ran and jumped at the tank and climbed up, shoving Grady to the side. He protested loudly but she told him to shove it and slipped into the tank. Boyd was in his seat and smiled at her as she climbed in. \"Welcome back, Jack.\" He said and messed with some of his stuff. She caught a glimpse of her Saint Christopher necklace. The guys began climbing in and starting up the tank. Jack decided to be stubborn and not help Norman and Gordo start it up. \"You wanted to replace me. I've been replaced.\" She stated simply and climbed around Norman to start putting her pictures up as they began to roll out. It only took her a few minutes and she soon found herself on the outside of the tank. She was leaning against the tank next to Grady, facing backwards. Her fun hung around her. A content smile graced her lips. She was back with her boys. Sure there was a new kid, but maybe he'll get through this, maybe Jack would be able to keep him alive. There was hope. But Jack figured she ought to stay unattached to him, there was no way a kid like that was gonna last long with them. She would just be setting herself up for failure. And jack couldn't handle much more of that failure. \"Hey, don't fuck yourself War Daddy!\" Someone in another tank called. Jack saw a liquid fling out of Don's cup and hit him. \"Coffee's too hot!\" He yelled and Jack looked over her shoulder at him like he was crazy. No such thing as too hot in Germany. \"Still owe me 40!\" The man called. \"You fucking losing bets now?\" Jack asked him. He looked over his shoulder at her and lit a cigarette. \"I know you're gonna share.\" She said turning back around and holding her hand over her shoulder, waiting for a cigarette. Grady laughed and her attitude as Don rolled his eyes and gave her one. \"Damn, girl. What's got you so fired up today?\" Grady asked. She smirked. \"Back with my boys. No place like home.\" She said. Grady snickered and grabbed something from Boyd and put it around his neck. \"Jack, put your com on.\" Bible said and tossed it to her. She grabbed it and held onto it, staring at it like it was offensive. \"This ain't from the dead guy is it?\" She asked. Boyd laughed and assured her it wasn't. They had hung on to all her stuff when she was at the base. You would think she actually died with all the stuff they held onto. She put it back around her neck and relished the familiar feeling. It had been weird not having it on her for so long. As they rolled on Don began talking to her. \"Jack, just because Norman's in your seat doesn't mean you get a free ride. I want you training him show him the ropes.\" She rolled her eyes and groaned. \"Go on, go talk to him!\" He urged. She huffed and made her way to the front. She climbed up behind Don and walked between Boyd and Don. \"You got a lighter?\" She asked. Don tossed her one and she lit her cigarette before heading over to Norman. She pocketed the lighter and climbed over the tank to the kid. She jumped down and crouched next to Norman. The kid looked like he was gonna shit himself and she could sympathize with him. He had no business being in the war. She knocked on his helmet and he looked to her. \"Hey, kid.\" She said as she sat down. He just turned his attention to the road. \"So, I have to help you out. Gorod will help you too. Right Gordo?\" She asked the man. \"Eh. Let the little shit figure it out on his own.\" He joked. Jack sent a small glare his way, slide under the canon and smacked him on the back of his head. \"Don't be too much of a dick.\" She said before going back to Norman. \"they teach you how to use the gun?\" She asked. He remained silent but nodded. He voice sounded like she was reading off a checklist. \"Ok. So basically you fire at the Nazis. You have to get them before they get you. Make sure your reloading rounds are near. It's gonna take a few times to get used to reloading but you just gotta find your rhythm.\" She told him and leaned bacl and crossed her legs at her ankles. Her gun was in her lap. Norman just nodded. She looked at him. \"Relax your face. You look like you're gonna piss yourself.\" She said as she pulled in a drag from the cigarette. sHE tried to pass it to him but he declined. \"You're crazy.\" She said and she sighed. \"Norman. I know you're scared. Fear is normal. You gotta use it to keep you alive.\" She said and rested a hand on her head. HE glanced up at her before speaking. \"I'm sorry, about earlier.\" He offered hesitantly. sHe waved him off. \"What's it like, during a fight?\" He asked her. She thought about how to answer. \"It's a nightmare. Your first few are gonna make you feel you just walked into hell. After a while you get used to it.\" She pat his shoulder and stood up. \"Keep your eyes open, do what we say and don't fuck up. You'll get through this.\" She offered him false hope before sticking her cigarette in her mouth and climbing up the tank. sHE heard him snort unamused at her advice. She sat near Boyd and Don as they came upon a group of German citizens who were walking away. Don picked up the radio and spoke to Norman and Gordo, telling him to cut down anyone who fires, and to cut through civilians if needed. Jack knew Norman would never be able to do hat so she stood on watch as Don called out in German. They rolled by and watched the people. A girl with only a bike walked past them. She stared them down as the tank rolled past. This was when they all started talking again. \"She'll let you fuck her for a chocolate bar.\" Gordo tolled Norman who smiled. Jack had been sipping from her canteen and spit it out on Boyd and Don by accident. No matter how many times they had that conversation she laughed so hard she could barely breathe. Boyd and Don jolted at the water sprayed on them. \"Aw, C'mon, man.\" Boyd groaned and Don just looked at her. She smiled and apologized, trying not to laugh. Grady was laughing his ass off until she drank some more and spit it out at him. \"TO make it even.\" She used as a defense. \"You know, that's not true.\" Norman stated confidently and looked at Gordo. Norman relaxed a bit, he no longer looked like he was shitting himself. Gordo nodded his head back and forth. He kept asking Norman if it's not true. Norma shook his head. \"It's completely fucking true.\" Grady said. \"Or you just give her some smokes. Don't even have to give her the whole fucking pack, just one or two.\" He joked. Boyd tried to keep Norman on the holy path and encouraged him to ignore Grady. \"Yeah, Norman, just ignore him. Stay on the good and holy path, see how far that'll get ya.\" Jack teased. Boyd gave her a mockingly serious look as if he was gonna begin preaching at her. \"Now, young lady..\" He began but Don spoke up and leaned over the tank to talk at Norman. \"'Cause you see we can kill 'em but we can't fuck 'em. It says so in the Bible.\" Don added. Jack and Grady chuckled. She could hear Gordo laughing too. \"Wonder how long it's gonna be before you guys piss him off.\" Jack said as she elbowed Don. \"Alright just stop, I'm done tryin' to convert you heathens, you mind if I continue invading Germany?\" Boyd lectured. Jack laughed. She had missed them. They rode in silence for a little bit before Don looked to Jack with a small smile before turning to Boyd. \"Don, no-\" Jack started, fighting back a laugh. \"Boyd, do you think Jesus loves Hitler?\" Don asked, glancing back and Jack. \"DO I think Jesus loves Hitler?\" Boyd repeated. Jack rolled her eyes as Boyd and the others went on about Hitler and Nazis being saved. She heard it a million times. \"Sing me a hymn?\" Grady asked. Boyd agreed. \"You an' Jack sing me Rose Tree Springin'?\" He asked. Boyd and Jack agreed, laughing and she could hear Norman and Gorodo laughing down on the front. She leaned against the bump in the tank in front of Don. Boyd and Jack began singing but were interrupted when Grady began messing with Boyd's mustache. Jack snorted as Boyd flapped his jacket pockets at Grady. \"Damn, these two..\" Jack said quietly and Don hummed in agreement. Don broke it up when Boyd threatened to shoot Grady. That was usually Jack's threat. Silence enveloped the group and Jack took the time of silence to take a sip of water. She had a headache and figured it was dehydration. \"Boyd, do you think Hitler would fuck one of us for a chocolate bar?\" Don asked out of nowhere and Jack doubled over, choking on her water as a laugh erupted out of her chest. She laughed and coughed, trying to regain air. \"Hey, you drownin'?\" Collier asked as he pat her pack. She stood up laughing. \"Would he fuck one of us for a chocolate bar?\" Jack mocked. \"I hope so.\" Boyd answered and Jack snorted. She could hear Norman laughing to himself. \"Hey Jack, you fuck one of us for a chocolate bar?\" Grady asked teasingly. She snorted before responding. \"Grady, I wouldn't fuck any of you for a hundred bars.\" She answered. \"Aw, come on, not even me?\" Don teased and nudged her. She scoffed and gently shoved at his face. \"You're the worst, War Daddy. All this smokin' and drinkin' and all this dirt on your face.\" She listed teasingly and tried to wipe the soot off his face again. \"Damn, this grime must be a foot deep on you boys.\" She stated. \"Hate to break it to you, but you ain't much better.\" Grady told her. She glared at him and made a sour face. Their conversation was interrupted by planes flying overhead. Jack looked up and watched them fly past. As she watched them fly, she noticed they were coming up on some woods. They all settled into silence, anticipating the worst and hoping for the best. If needed, Jack would slip through the hatch where Collier was standing. She hoped it wouldn't come to that. She gripped her gun tight as Don called to Norman over the radio. HE told him to shoot anything that moves. Norman copied and Jack figured she should get in the tank just in case. She settled in the spot between Norman's seat and Gordo's seat, waiting for something to happen. Jack heared and explosion in front of their tank and jotled. People were screaming about and ambush and made her way back to the top. She made sure her helmet was on and popped through, gun ready. She began firing at anything she saw moving. Her attention was taken by the smell of burning flesh and the screams of a man burning alive. She saw the man on fire climb out of his tank. Jack tried to block him out as she continued to fire. Before long the man shot himself in the head and there was no more agonized screaming. Jack had to climb off the tank and step away. She put her hands on her knees and breathed. Her stomach had begun to feel uneasy. It had been almost a year since she was taken but the memories still made her uneasy. Collier got off the tank. Boyd came over to make sure she was ok. She assured him he was, just needed a second to breathe. He hung around her, gun ready, just in case. Collier walked into the smoke to make sure everything was clear and Jack grabbed her gun. Her and boyd did a quick scan before returning. \"Norman!\" Don yelled, anger seeping through his voice. Jack sighed through her nose. Norman fucked up. She told him not to fuck up. \"You cock sucker! Why didn't you take the shot?\" Norman tried to defend that he was just a kid. Don made sure to let him know that it doesn't matter if he's a kid or not. Jack stayed out of the way and Boyd climbed back in the tank. Jack climbed up and stood next to Norman's head. \"Hey.\" She said firmly. \"How old are you?\" She asked. He told her twenty. \"Yeah, back home you're still a kid. You ain't home, Norman.\" She crouched down. \"These kid's and kid's anymore. They stopped the moment they picked up a gun. They don't care who you are, they don't care if you're a kid or not. They see you, they're going to shoot. Make sure you shoot first.\" He nodded. \"Don't fuck it up.\" She told him before climbing up to the top where Don was putting in a radio call to the others. The held on as the tank lurched back into moving. Don was panting slightly. She nudged him with her elbow. \"You good old man?\" He asked in a serious tone. He knew she was joking and offered her a slight smile. He was ok. \"I'm going to stand in back with Grady. I'll keep an eye on the woods.\" She said. Don nodded, feeling better that there was someone who would take the shot watching the woods. They rolled in silence as they entered a new base. She could hear bombs and gunfire. Don spoke to someone who was waiting for them and told them where to go. Collier had to go talk to the man in charge and the rest of them made sure the tank was working right. Jack pulled out some crackers and ate few. Jack climed over the tank and went to Norman's spot. \"Get out, stretch your legs.\" She told him. He silently did what he was told and stood on the outside of the tank. She sat on it and tossed a pack of crackers to him. \"Eat. Don't need you passing out in my seat.\" She said. Jack had finished hers and pulled out a cigarette. He nodded and began chewing slowly. She let him have a few minutes to eat before she began talking. \"Norman, you have to shoot.\" She told him. He paused and looked at her. \"I don't know if I can.\" He said quietly. \"Is your finger broken?\" She asked. He shook his head. \"Is the gun working alright?\" She asked and he nodded. \"Then you can shoot, you just won't. That's gonna get you killed, that's gonna get these guys killed. That's gonna get me killed. I've survived this far, I don't feel like dying because someone who is supposed to have my back won't pull the damn trigger. These boys feel the same way. You understand?\" He nodded. She jumped down and put a hand on his shoulder and gently shook it. \"We'll get you through this, you just gotta do as we say.\" She stated before walking away. Jack walked over to the tank called Murder Inc. On top of the tank was a familiar face. She called out to him. He turned, smiled and jumped down. \"Hey Daniel.\" sHe said as he picked her up in a hug. \"Didn't know you were back in the tank!\" He told her she hit his harm \"You mean to tell me you rode all that way, right behind us and you never heard me screaming at Grady?\" She teased. \"It's good to see you again.\" She said. Daniel laughed and adjusted his glasses. He had been the driver in her first tank. They were pretty close. THe only other person who survived was their loader and he had his legs blown off. They sent him home. \"You hear from George?\" George was the loader and Daniel shook his head. \"He died from an infection in his legs. Just you and me now.\" Daniel explained. Jack frowned. \"You better make it through this war, Dan. Or so help me I'll bring you back and kill you again myself.\" She said, faking seriousness. Daniel just laughed and plopped a hand on her helmet. They heard the call to mount up and move out. Jack gave him one last hug, wished him luck and ran over to her tank and climbed up. Norman was looking uncomfortable. She nudged his shoulder with her foot and nodded at him. He nodded back, looking slightly less worried. She got in back and stood next to Grady. She listned as Don gave them a run down of what they were doing and soon enough they were out. It was odd having a ton of other guys on her tank but she didn't mind so much. They had done it before several times, but she preferred it just being her and her boys. Don told them to halt and explained what everyone would be doing. The guys on their tank would get off and line up behind the tanks. Don looked through his binoculars and ordered everyone off. Jack heard Gordo and Norman close their hatches and her heart sped up in anticipation. Boyd and Grady were ordered inside to get the canon and Boyd's gun ready. Jack would be staying up top on the gun. They rarely let her use it so she was a little excited to have a chance with it again. She quickly reacquainted herself with it. The line of tanks rolled into the open field. They rolled through the field and Jack was motioning to the guys on the ground to get behind them with Don. One of the tanks almost rolled over their own troops. \"Damnit, Daniel, the fuck are you doing?\" She said to herself. The field erupted in a shower of bullets. Boyd fired the canon at the machine gun. He missed. Jack heard Gordo yelling to Norman, telling him what to do. HE wasn't mad, just intense. Jack held steady and kept her eyes open. Boyd fired again and Collier called out a cease fire. Boyd laughed like a lunatic and Jack chuckled at his weird laugh. Jack and Don ducked when a shot from a tank passed between them and their neighbor. \"Fuck, engine tank ..\" Don yelled to Boyd, telling him where the tank was. Jack ready herself on her gun, looking for it. Another shot whizzed by and ricochet off one of the tanks. \"Just a ricochet. We're ok.\" One of the guys calle dover the radio calmly. \"Bullshit.\" Jack muttered. \"Bullshit, that's a ground high velocity gun, I can hear it whistlin'!\" Collier argued quickly. They recived a location of a tank and Collier gave Boyd the information and the order to fire. \"On the way!\" Boyd called and fired. Jack steadied herself and began firing at the tree line. sHe kept shooting until Don told them it was destroyed. She smiled at the explosion near the tree line. She ducked when another tank fired at them. \"Another gun, who's got eyes on it?\" Collier called over the radio. No one could spot it directly. Jack and her neighbor gunner fired in the general direction, hoping to make a hit. They spotted it and the tanks began firing. Before long they took it out and Collier told them to start firing at the tree line. Jack fired and Collier grabbed his gun and joined in. As they rolled forward, all tanks shot at the tree line. They would be the winners here. \"Gordo,\" She said over her con. \"Same deal as always? Pack of smokes to the winner?\" She asked. It took him a few minutes to respond. HE was probably reconsidering. HE usually lost. \"Deal.\" Gordo responded. Jack laughed wickedly.[Chapter 10] Hell Hath None 10- Parting Glass Jack could hear Gordo telling Norman to shoot at the Nazi's over the con. She minded her own business and focused on shooting. Collier would straighten him out after this. \"Hey, get him! Get him!\" Gordo yelled to Norman. Jack called through on the con. \"Where, tell me where, I'll get it.\" Jack called. \"Got it!.\" Boyd called and took out the threat. Jack kept firing. \"All tanks hold here, hold here.\" Collier called through the radio. Jack felt the tank stop. Norman had had a rough time reloading. She figured she should show him how to reload later. They kept firing and the troops covered the ground. Jack sighed her nose when Norman started freaking out. Don shot her a look before calling through the con to tell him to be quiet. His yelling brought her back to the boy who helped her escape. His words were almost the exact same as what Norman was saying. If Norman kept on this track, he'd be eating his own bullets. Jack wasn't sure if she would be able to handle that. In a way, it would be her fault. She was in charge of making sure he ok. But Norman had already headed down that track, how was she supposed to get him off it. When she got the call to get off the tank, she climbed down with her gun and helped take care of business. Jack made sure to beware of where the trenches were. Sometimes she would climb down and search the dead. After the fourth trench was cleared, she stuck her head out and began to climb out when a bullet flew past her. She jumped back down until Grady gave her an all clear, him being at the trench next to her. She climbed out and thanked him. He handed her a bottle of something and she began to drink. Grady thought she was just going to take a sip. He laughed deeply when she took several, trying to get as much in her before he took the bottle away. \"C'mon now. We don't need you shit faced.\" He said as he took the bottle and pat her on the back. She winced and rolled her shoulder. Her hand rested on it as if it was going to make it stop hurting. \"Where's Gordo? He owes me a pack.\" She asked firmly. She kept rubbing her shoulder. Grady just shrugged and took a sip from his bottle. Jack sighed through her nose and began walking around. She pulled out her own pack and grabbed her last cigarette. She smoked it as she walked around. She saw Boyd with some of the dying soldiers and left him to do his thing. She finished the cigarette in minute. She didn't bother looking for Don, he was still in the tank, probably chewing out Norman. She as glad she wasn't in there. She heard Don chew out people before, hell, she even got chewed out every now and then. Jack finally found Gordo and approached him aggressively. Gordo found himself freezing as he watched her advance. Her helmet was off and her hair that now reached her shoulders in messy curls fanned back as she marched over. She was a little frightening to watch. She got to him and spoke. \"Pay up.\" She demanded and stuck out her hand for the pack of cigarettes. \"Nah, man. How you don't know I won?\" He argued. She scowled. \"Call it a draw and split fifty-fifty.\" She suggested. Gordo laughed and handed her a pack. She looked at him confused. \"I found another pack. Take this one.\" She nodded and lit on the moment it was in her hand. Her and Gordo walked around, talking about Norman and where they were going. She smoked three before Gordo spoke up. She was lighting up her fourth when he said something. \"Damn, girl. What got you smokin' so much?\" He asked. She exhaled the smoke for a few long seconds before explaining. She looked back to the tank before talking about Norman and her concern. Norman was taking of his helmet and trying to get himself together. Don rubbed his head and sighed through his nose. He took a moment to think. What does he say to a kid who has no business being here? He settled down before making the top rotate so he could look at Norman and tell him what's going on. When it stopped, Norman looked over his shoulder at him. \"I had one of the best assistant drivers on the American side who could arguably be one of the strongest, bravest person I have ever come across. She is also the love of my life.\" Collier told him calmly. \"Now I have you.\" Norman seemed to be slightly surprised about the information Don just shared, especially the last bit. /collier took in a breath. \"I also promised my crew I'd keep them alive.\" He said firmly. \"You're getting in the way of that.\" \"Look, ok, I'm sorry. I was trained to type…\" Norman began defending himself. Don leaned back and looked at the kid. There really was no way he should be here in Germany. Even enlisting was such a bad idea. Don looked up and tried to listen to outside. He could hear a commotion. He climbed out of the tank and began figuring out what was going on. \"Damn, girl. It ain't yo' fault he here. He a man now. He made this choice just like the rest of us.\" Gordo told Jack. She nodded and picked up her sixth cigarette. Gordo grabbed the pack from her. \"You gonna run out you keep that up.\" He said with a small laugh. \"Besides, he's just gotta adjust. You remember when you first got here? You probably weren't no better than him.\" Gordo reminded her. She looked at him and laughed, nodding. \"Yeah. I was a fucking mess, man.\" She laughed thinking back. \"My group, on the first day during down time, they decided to pull a stupid prank. One of them tossed a grenade near us. It wasn't live, but they didn't bother to tell me that. I thought I was gonna die right then and there.\" SHE admitted and rubbed the back of her head as she giggled. \"What'd you do?\" Gordo asked, wanting to hear more. \"I jumped on it. Figured if I was gonna go, I wasn't making anyone go with me.\" She admitted. \"Took me a while to figure out it wasn't live.\" She said. \"How long you stay on it.\" Gordo asked. \"Onle a solid minute. They told me what was happening. The Top wasn't happy about it, chewed them out. After that they let me be.\" She explained. \"Daniel was the one who threw it. Speaking of which, you seen him around?\" She asked. Gordo shook his head and pointed to the tree line. \"Nah. But I think something's about to happen over there. Maybe they got a Kraut.\" Gordo suggested and the two headed over to the group. On the way over, she saw Don get out of the tank and call for Norman. They watched as Don lead Norman over to the group. Jack spotted Grady and Boyd standing near the tank, watching. Jack and Gordo joined the group of onlookers. The Nazi was on his knees, facing away and Norman was refusing to take the gun. Don had to smack him around a bit before he made Norman look at him. \"I'm tryin' to teach you something.\" He said firmly. He tried to sound encouraging, telling him to just get it over with. \"Just, get it overwith.\" A few of the onlookers made sounds of agreement and tried to pressure him into taking the gun. \"C'mon man. It only takes a second.\" Gordo said. \"First one's always hard, you can do it.\" Jack called from her spot. Norman looked around at the people surrounding him. Norman told Collier he couldn't do it and Collier assured him he could. \"It's simple. It's you or him. You or him, pick.\" He said and waved the gun between the two. Jack froze at Norman's words. \"Just kill me. Kill me. Kill me.\" He said quietly. Norman became firmer in his decision and Don quickly glanced around the onlookers and briefly saw Jack's startled look. He turned back to Norman who tried to tell him he couldn't do it. \"I can't, I can't do it just-\" Fury and anger burned through Jack's veins in a flash and she cut off Norman's rant. She started forward only to be held back by Gordo. \"YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU HAVE NO IDEA!\" Jack yelled, startling most people around her. Gordo had to lift her up and drag her away. Once he got her a few feet from the group, he took his hand off of her mouth and she yelled at him. \"Gordo, get the fuck off me! Let me go!\" She yelled at him. He didn't let her go until he got to Boyd and Grady. \"The fuck you do know?\" Grady asked laughing as she dropped from Gordo's grip. He had let her go and she dropped a few inches to the ground. She turned around and shoved Gordo. \"I'll fucking kill him myself! I swear to God if War Daddy doesn't shoot him, I fucking will!\" She said as she treid to get past Gordo. Boyd laughed and grabbed her shoulder. \"No you won't. We know you too well. Sit down before you hurt yourself.\" Boyd said as he dragged her to sit. She let him lead her to sit but pulled out her cigarettes. She lit one before Gordo walked over and took her pack. She let him and put her head in her hands. Fatigue washed over her. For the past month she had bene having trouble sleeping. That gunshot had reopened so many emotional scars. Her loader from her first group that had stepped on a mine, the kid who shot himself, watching her top from the first group get gunned down, the concentration camps, screaming, fire, everything. Everything over the past year came flooding back in vivid nightmares. But Norman, Norman brought back her nephew mixed with the kid that saved her life. She sat like that for a while and smoked her cigarette until she heard the gunshot. It slightly startled her out of her thinking and she got up. Jack walked over to the front of the tank and climbed into her old seat. She settled in and looked around. Norman hadn't decorated it yet. She looked to her pictures and ran her hands over each one. Her parents, her nephew, her crew, she had even put the picture up of her and her nephew, the one where she was in a dress. She had gotten a lot of comments when they saw that picture. \"You sure that's you? You don't look anything like that now.\" Was one of the things the boys said. They made her laugh and she put it on her wall. Her hand rested on the picture of the little boy who shares the name of the boy who was now the new driver. His smile with a missing tooth, his long, sandy hair and happy brown eyes. That Norman looked nothing like the Norman she was working with now. However, they were similar. They were similar in the way they saw the world. Both of them saw everything as black and white, right and wrong. They both shared and innocence she felt obligated to protect. But they were in Germany. If she tried to protect Norman, it would only get him killed. At the rate Norman was going, he was going to end up like the boy who helped her escape. Jack didn't know what to do. \"Jack!\" She heard Collier call her and she jumped out of her opened hatch. She looked at him and met his gaze. He took in her firm, challenging expression. \"Make sure Norman gets something to eat. After that, you're up top with me. I want you on that gun.\" He explained and climbed up. She sighed through her nose, knowing better than to argue. She reached in and grabbed food before climbing out. She walked over to her group and stopped short. \"Grady, what the fuck are you wearing?\" She asked. Grady had on a Nazi coat and helmet. Boyd snorted at her surprise. \"What you don't like my new look?\" Grady teased. She kept her expression firm and unamused but on the inside she was laughing. \"It makes me wanna shoot you.\" She answered. She sighed and turned to Norman. She tossed a can of food to him. \"Eat that. Now!\" She insisted when he just sat there watching her. He startled and opened the can. Grady and Gordo chuckled. Jack didn't realize how intimidating she could be at times. \"What's Don got you doin'?\" Boyd asked her. She sighed and rubbed the back of her head. \"I'm up top on the gun. The kid is driving. \" She answered. \"Gordo, gimme my pack back.\" She said nad headed towards him. He laughed and took it out of her pocket and backed away from her. \"No way, man! You gonna run out and I ain't sharin'!\" He told her. Jack tried to grab it out of his hands but Gordo tossed it to Grady. He caught it and Jack spun around, not up for their antics. \"Grady! So help me-\" She started saying, making her way towards him. He laughed and waved it in her face before putting his hand high up in the air. Norman watched as she tackled Grady to the ground, getting a running jump. Norman found himself smiling at the two and Boyd nudged him. \"C'mon. Eat up or she's gonna tackle you too.\" He told Norman and sat next to him. \"If she doesn't, War Daddy will take you down.\" Boyd said as he sipped his coffee. Norman began eating slowly. Gordo walked past, laughing at the two on the ground. Jack was sitting on Grady's chest. She used her foot to pin one of his arms to the ground. He kept one hand far away and it was the one with the cigarettes. Grady tried to roll her off but she had a knee on his chest keeping him down. She figured out how to keep a person down from her first tank. She was slapping his head around, trying to get him to give her the cigarettes. If she shifted slightly it would give him the chance to get her off. Gordo walked over to try and break it up. It was a half-assed attempt. \"You talk as if they've done that before.\" Norman said as he ate and watched the three. \"Do you see what Jack's doing?\" Bible pointed out and sipped from his tin cup. \"And as for War Daddy? He did. HE took down Jack when he found out she wasn't eating.\" Norman looked at Bible, then to Jack, then back to Bible. \"Why wasn't she eating?\" Norman asked, concerned. Bible looked at him and pat his shoulder while drinking his coffee. He tossed out the rest and stood. \"Don't worry about her. It was a while ago. She couldn't keep it down so she stopped. Figured she would stop throwing up if there was nothing in her stomach. War Daddy had to take her down to get her to eat or even go to the Med Tent.\" He picked up the box Norman was sitting on after he got up. \"We gotta go. Start getting this shit back in the tank and get seated.\" HE said and walked over to Jack, Grady and Gordo. Boyd picked up the pack and tossed it to Jack. She caught it with a cry of success and Grady shoved her off into the mud. Norman was picking things up as he heard her swearing and yelling. With the conversation over and distractions gone, Norman's thoughts went back to the man he had just murdered. He looked back to the bodies on the ground. It was overwhelming and he felt guilty for letting them distract him. How could they joke and fool around during times like this? How were they not overcome by grief and guilt? They all got in the tank and moved on. Norman was silent, Gordo was silent, no one spoke as they rode. After a while, they heard the sound of planes overhead. They looked up to see a few small planes heading straight for a massive wall of planes. Everyone looked up and watched. \"There you go, boys.\" Don said out loud. \"Keep poundin' 'em.\" Everyone watched as they rolled through the ruins of a previous battle. Destroyed equipment littered the ground as smoke rose from the ground. The grey skies above them mirrored the mood infecting the soldiers as they rolled onward. Jack leaned against her gun and rested her head on her arms. She sighed deeply through her nose and Boyd looked at her, giving her a small smile. As they rolled through, they came across a woman carving meat from a dead horse. It was eerie and Jack felt a shiver run down her spine. Smoke rose from the town behind the tree line and as they came upon a town, corpses hung with signs around their necks. \"They got signs around their necks.\" Boyd pointed out. \"What they say?\" He asked. Jack read them but could only make out a few. She could speak German fine but reading it was challenging. Collier translated for them. \"I am a coward and refuse to fight for the German people.\" Don stated simply. Jack's mind went straight to the boy who helped her escape. How he claimed he couldn't do it anymore, couldn't fight in the war, how he took his own life. Was he a coward? Or was he smarter than the rest of them? \"The SS does that.\" Gordo said. \"Let 'em rip themselves to pieces! Fuck them.\" He said to Norman. Jack straightened up and coughed. She coughed for a good minute and Don turned to her. \"You dyin' back there?\" He asked. She cleared her throat and shook her head. \"Got sick and it settled in my chest. Thought I had it cleared out by now.\" She said. They rolled on to the town. Troops were on the ground and everyone readied themselves. Her thoughts drifted to Daniel and she looked back to see him in his seat, driving. He wasn't looking around at the landscape and Jack turned back around. As they rolled into the town, Don put the radio down and turned to Jack. \"Jack, I want you in the tank. We don't got eyes on the enemy and I don't want a sniper picking you off.\" Don said. Jack looked at the back of his head incredulously before climbing up. She slid onto the hatch next to him and before she could sink in, he stopped her. \"Hey, iche liebe dich.\" He said. Jack smiled at him. \"If I get shot again, I'm coming after you.\" She teased. He smiled and elbowed her gently. sHe shoved him before getting into the tank. She settled in the tank. \"He send you in?\" Boyd asked. Jack rolled her eyes and lit a cigarette. \"The fuck does it look like?\" She asked lightly. Bible laughed as he and Grady readied the canon. She could hear Collier yelling orders and called over the con for Gordo to turn. \"This is stupid. If he's hanging out of the tank I should be out on the gun.\" She grumbled and Grady laughed at her. She began to stand when Don had them stop. He used a hand to push her back down. She sat with an indignant oof. \"Opa…\" Don was speaking in German, asking where the soldiers were. Jack didn't hear a response but flinched at the sound of a gunshot. Someone shouted \"sniper\" and gunfire followed. Jack made her way behind Norman. She was going to make sure he fired. \"Bible, follow my bursts.\" Don ordered before firing. Bile settled in and followed. \"That are you doing?\" Norman asked her. \"Helping. You got new rounds in?\" He nodded. \"Keep your eyes open. I'll help you reload.\" Norman nodded with a firm expression and watched the battle outside the tank. Jack leaned over and spoke to Gordo before coming back to Norman and pushing his head out of the way. She wanted to see outside. They began to move forward after the building was taken care of. Jack leaned back and let Norman look again. A ground shooter began firing and Norman stated and leaned into the scope, shock taking over his features. Jack watched him. Don sunk into the tank and closed his hatch. One of the tanks fired and chunks of brick hit the tank. \"God damn.\" Don said quietly. He climbed back out and looked at the other tank. \"All right, Gordo, forward.\" He said. Jack coughed again and tried to settle it. They rolled into the square and Jack shoved Norman's head away from the scope for a few seconds to see what was going on. It was quiet. Something heavy fired at the tank and ricocheted off it. Jack leaned back and dragged Norman back to the scope, leaned back and made sure Collier was still standing. Grady nudged her head with his foot. \"He's good.\" He said and she turned back around. sHe was going stir crazy not doing anything. She felt powerless and she wanted some form of control. \"Clear it Boyd!\" Grady yelled. Boyd fired. Jack looked out Norman's scope and he rolled his eyes at her behavior but didn't mind too much. She let him look and he saw German soldiers come stumbling out the building, burning. \"Shoot them. No one else will.\" She told him quietly. He pursed his lips and fired. He cut them down as they all came out of the building. Jack rested a hand on his shoulder. Norman saw it as mercy killings and she knew that. It was the whole reason she had him fire at them. He leaned back with a sigh when they all died. \"Good shooting, kid. Keep stacking them up.\" Collier called through the radio. Jack smiled encouragingly at him and leaned back. \"You should've let em burn.\" Gordo called. Jack glared at him and kicked his seat. \"You want him shooting or letting 'em shoot us?\" She asked. Gordo laughed at her and she rolled her eyes and climbed her way to the back. She climbed up and Don let her. They stopped in the square and Jack climbed down to join the troops on the ground. The place was clear for the most part. Before Jack could get of the tank, they saw a German with a white flag. Don waved him over. The man was speaking so fast Jack could barely understand him. Don spoke with the man and the man turned to tell his soldiers to come out. Jack grabbed her gun and held it at the door, ready to fire as Don told everyone else to do the same. She watched as kids came out of building. sHe kept her gun aimed but let herself relax. They were kids and they looked scared to death. But kids could do as much damage as an adult and she wasn't taking chances. She watched as the soldiers lead them around and got them out of the building. Jack froze and lowered her gun, mouth hanging open as an SS officer walked out of the building. She knew him. She knew that face anywhere. Her heart raced and she tried to control her breathing. She wasn't scared. She was livid. \"You know him?\" Don asked, noticing her expression. She nodded. \"He one of the guys who took you?\" \"You could say that.\" She bit out. Don called out to the Mayor, asking if he was the one hanging people. The mayor looked at them and confirmed it. He seemed to be angry at the SS soldier as well. \"Hey.\" Don called to the soldiers. \"Get that guy.\" He said pointing out the SS officer. They advanced and dragged him away from the rest of the Germans. He held a piece of paper in his hand and kept them up in surrender. He stood and faced Jack. He met her eyes and held her gaze. If he was afraid, she couldn't tell. \"Give him hell, Ghost.\" Collier told her. She looked at him and he nodded at her, motioning for her to go ahead. \"Just don't make it easy on him.\" He said. Jack gave him a small smile and nod, hopping down off the tank. Gordo saw her walking over to the Nazi. \"The hell is she doing?\" He asked. \"Collier told her to take care of him.\" Boyd answered. \"He's one of the fuckers who took her.\" HE explained. Gordo whistled and Norman looked around the tank in confusion. \"This I gotta see.\" Grady said as he climbed out to watch. Gordo popped his hatch and stood up. Bible made his way to the top as well. Norman looked out his scope. He could see Jack standing face to face with the man. \"Remember me?\" She asked him quietly. He just looked at her, scanning her face. They stood in silence for a few seconds. Jack was thinking what she was going to do. There were so many things. He shook his head and she backed up a bit. She raised her gun and shot out one of his knees. Two shots and he was down, screaming in pain. She ran up and swung her foot into his face. She leaned over. \"Remember me, asshole?\" She yelled at him. He spat at her and she stomped on his nose before backing up again. Two American soldiers were watching her, smiling and laughing at the damage she was doing. She spotted a metal pipe. She asked one of them to grab it for her. \"The hell is she doing?\" Grady asked. Gordo shrugged. \"I'm sure it won't be good.\" Boyd answered as he pulled out a cigarette. \"Whatever she does to him, I'm sure he deserved it.\" Collier said simply. Grady laughed as she approached the Nazi with the pipe. It was a short but thick pipe, only about two or three feet. Jack gripped it tight. She called the two soldiers to get him up. The moment they got him standing, Jack ran at the man and the soldiers stepped to the side laughing as the pipe connected with his ribs. She had swung it like a bat and they could hear a few cracks as the man yelled out in pain. He was on his hands and knees and She swung a few more times, hitting his ribs. She rolled him onto his back and put one of her feet on his chest. She asked him something in German. When he didn't answer she put her weight on the foot on his chest, putting pressure on the newly broken ribs. He yelled out in pain and she asked him again if he remembered her. \"Your German is shit.\" He spit in English. She slammed her foot down hard and he gasped for air. She stood over him and swung the pipe down against his face. It was awkward and difficult to get a good angle but it did enough damage to hurt. She kept at it until his face was unrecognizable. The two American soldiers who had been laughing suddenly found themselves uncomfortable with this woman's violence. They backed off and let her be, not wanting to invoke her wrath. The men in her tank watched on, unsurprised, except Norman. He had a difficult time coming to terms with what he was watching. Slight horror graced his features as she continued to beat the man's head in even though he was well passed dead. Blood sprayed up onto her uniform, mixing with mud. Blood and grime found its way onto her face as she let out two years' worth of anger on the dead soldier. She stepped back and looked at the damage she had done and dropped the pipe. Her breathing was labored and she coughed a bit before picking up her gun and heading back to the tank. The Mayor looked at her in horror and Grady pulled her back up congratulating her. The American's wandered about the square and Jack slid into her seat to grab some food and water. Norman had gotten out of the tank. She climbed back out and sat next to Boyd who had set up a few crates and was warming up something to drink. \"Feel better?\" He asked. She nodded and coughed a bit, clearing her chest. \"That doesn't sound good.\" She waved him off and spotted Daniel. She got up and approached him, ducking when someone used a bunch of cards as a baseball. She smiled when she finally reached him. He looked tired. \"What's wrong?\" She asked, concerned. He shook his head. \"Assistant driver is dead. Didn't get down in time and a sniper got him.\" He explained. \"I thought you were assistant driver.\" She said confused. He shook his head with a small smile. \"No. I'm the main one. Now I'm the only one.\" He said. \"I'm sorry.\" Jack offered and he shrugged, taking off his glasses and cleaning them. Jack saw Don talking to Norman before heading into a building. Gordo was helping a woman into the tank and Boyd looked miserable. \"I saw what you did to that German.\" Daniel stated as he put his glasses back on. \"I didn't know you lost your humanity when you got your name Ghost.\" He said and looked right at her, disappointment in his eyes. Jack was taken aback by his words. \"I didn'-\" she started to defend herself but Daniel shook his head and cut her off. \"Don't. Look, I know you had a rough time and these German's aren't human. But I know you and you're better than that. You had no right-\" Daniel was cut off when Jack backhanded him so hard his glasses fell off. \"Don't you dare tell me what right I do and do not have.\" She bit at him quietly and began walking forward. Daniel backed up and she began shoving him. \"Let's see your family get gunned down by these people. Let's see you have to spend months with them and see just what they really do. Let's see you get put through hell by them and be expected to not be angry, not want to make them suffer.\" She shoved him again. \"Look, we've all lost people. You don't see us beating their heads in, do you?\" He tried to defend himself. He was getting tired of her pushing him. \"This is war and war has its rules. What you did was wrong.\" \"What do you think you are? Some priest? You are no better than me! What about that family you slaughtered hu?\" She challenged. Daniel glared at her. \"That was different.\" He demanded firmly. She spat in his face. He looked at her and saw the blood. \"All that blood is on you. How can you eve sleep at ni-\" She punched him this time. She punched him in the face so hard he stumbled back in shock. Anger flashed across his face and he swung fast. His fist connected with her nose hard and she stumbled back. He let her get her bearings. A few people near them stopped to see what would happen. She swore and brought hands up to her nose. Hse wiped away some of the bad and fury ran through her veins. She lunged and brought Daniel to the ground. She wrapped got in three punches before he rolled her off. He was on top of her and had punched her in the face again, but not the nose. She struck out and hit his chin and she struck out and hit his throat. She brought her legs up to knee him but he just readjusted and wrapped his hands around her throat. She couldn't breathe and tried to pry him off. When she first arrived in Germany, she didn't know the first thing about fighting. Daniel taught her. He had been in Germany longer and knew a few things. He taught her almost everything she knows. He was also someone she never stood a chance against. She lay in the mud, trying to get him off as he choked her. She heard yelling and black spots crept into her vision. The man she thought was her friend was trying to kill her. Someone pulled him off her and dragged her away and onto her feet. When her vision cleared she was it was the American who gave her the pipe. She coughed and gasped. Daniel shouted at her but she didn't hear him. A few guys pushed him away, making them get distance. When she caught her breath she assured the man she was ok. He handed her gun back and she put it around her shoulders and walked back to the tank. She had seen the guys go into a building and knew it was empty. As she headed over, they came out and met her. She hadn't seen Don. He had left before them to go meet with someone in charge. She ran over to the guys, trying to look as un-frazzled as possible. \"Woah, woah, woah. What the hell happened?\" Boyd asked and grabbed her arm, pulling her to stand in front of him. She swung her arm as an instinct and he backed up. \"Shit, sorry.\" She said as he approached her again. \"The fuck did you get into to?\" He asked, seeing the bloody nose and bruising. Bruises bloomed on her cheek and neck. \"Was there a fucking Kraut?\" He asked concerned. She shook her head. \"No, no. Just-\" She tried to explain when Grady walked over. \"Who the fuck did that?\" He asked She sighed irritated. \"No one. Just got into a disagreement. It's fine.\" She insisted. \"INCOMING!\" Someone yelled and they all ran for cover as bombs dropped. Boyd climbed up the tank and jumped in. Same with Gordo and Grady. Norman and her dropped and rolled under the tank. He was only partially under the tank and she pulled him closer. She covered his head with one of her arms as the bombing ensued. Soon enough it ended and everyone made their way out of hiding. People were running around, seeing who was ok. She made sure Norman was good before climbing out into the open. She tried to climb into her seat but Boyd stopped her. \"Hey, lemme check your nose. Make sure it ain't broke.\" She rolled her eyes and let him. She hissed when he poked at it with his thumbs. She yelped and swatted away his hands. Don was walking around, making sure everyone was ok. He came up to the tank. She hopped down to meet him. \"The fuck happened?\" He asked. She tried to tell him it was nothing but one of the leaders from the tanks came over. He was from Daniel's tank. \"Sarge, I got a problem.\" He said. Don turned to him, waiting for the issue. \"Both my loader and my assistant drivers are dead. My main driver know how to act as a loader but I need a driver.\" He said shaking his head. Collier sighed and Jack stood next to him when Daniel came over and stood behind his Top. She glared at him. \"I know you have an extra driver. I need one of 'em.\" He explained. Collier nodded and turned to Jack. \"You son of a bitch!\" She yelled, going after Daniel. The other man stepped in between and Collier pushed her away, confusion on his face. \"I'll give you one. Just need to decide who. We'll stop and they'll come over when needed. Mount up and move out.\" Collier ordered. The man nodded and he and Daniel went to the tank. Don turned and saw Norman running to a building that was nothing but ruble. \"Norman!\" He called. Grady went after the kid. \"what happened there?\" Jack asked. Collier filled her in on the way bac to the tank. She nodded in understanding. \"You gonna tell me what that was about?\" He asked as they climbed up the tank. \"Daniel and I didn't see eye to eye.\" She answered. \"I'm thinking of sending you over. I need to keep an eye on the kid. You know how to handle yourself. That gonna be a problem or do I need to send Gordo?\" He asked. She shook her head. \"I know him and we work well together. I'll go.\" She stated as she climbed into the tank. \"Yeah. I can see that.\" He said sarcastically. She rolled her eyes. \"Let Norman drive.\" He told her, earning an exasperated sigh. He laughed. \"When you first got here, you never wanted to drive.\" He pointed out. Jack could hear Grady yelling at Norman outside. She sighed, feeling sorry for Norman. She knew what it was like, losing someone you love. She knew it too well. She watched with pity as Norman climbed in an they drove off. Her and Boyd decided to climb out and get the fresh air while they could. He lit a cigarette and gave her a rag to get the blood off her face. They all sat in silence for a while. Before long Don called Norman up, to give him a break. Gordo would be fine driving alone. She didn't send Jack in for a few reasons. One of which was because she could relate to Norman so well. Norman sat cross legged on the top of the tank, tears cutting through the mud. He pointed out the city on fire and began telling about how he started the war in Africa and how he was now in Germany. Jack stood behind them, listening. He assured him it would end soon. They sat in silence for a while. Grady was sitting inside while Boyd stood out of the hatch. Jack stood in back with her gun, ready to run to the tank behind her if needed. She rested her head on her arms against the large gun and looked at Norman as he hung his head. Everyone was silent, somber. Then Jack remembered a line of a song. She started out quietly. So quiet it was almost a whisper. She kept her eyes on Norman. \"Oh, of all the money, that ere I had, I spent it in good company.\" She sang quietly, straining her sore throat. \"And all the harm, that ere I've done, alas it was to none but me.\" Don smiled as she sang and looked to her. \"And all I've done, for want of wit, to memory now I can't recall, So fill to me the parting glass, goodnight and joy be with you all.\" She stood up straight and tried to sing louder, looking at Boyd briefly with a smile. \"Of all the comrades that ere I had, they are sorry for my going away.\" She looked at Norman who had turned to look at her. She rested a hand on his arm as she sand. \"And all the sweat hearts, that ere I had, they would wish me one more day to stay.\" Boyd and Jack joined together for the next bit, both singing in harmony and Norman cracked a small smile. \"But since it falls unto my lot, that I should rise and you should not. I'll gently rise, and softly call, good night and joy be with you all. They sang and she smiled at Boyd in thanks. Bible let her sing the next part and didn't join in until the end. \"A man may drink, and not be drunk. A man may fight and not be slain.\" She looked at Norman again and gently pushed him, smiling. \"A man may court a pretty girl, and perhaps be welcome back again.\" \"But since it has so ought to be, by a time to rise and a time to fall. Come fill to me, the parting glass, goodnight and joy be with you all. Goodnight and joy be with you all.\" Jack and Boyd finished together. She smiled softly at Norman who returned it. Don put a heavy hand on his shoulder and nudged his gently. Boyd handed Jack a cigarette and Grady calle dup from in the tank. \"Goodnight and joy my fucking ass!\" He called. Jack laughed and lowered her head and torso into the hatch where Don was standing, getting between him and Norman. \"Jealous we ain't singin' for you, Coon-ass?\" they heard her jear. They heard him thunking around in the tank. \"You're just jealous I got me a chocolate bar.\" He said. \"You gonna use it to fuck Hitler?\" She shot back. So we are nearing the end of the movie. Do not fear, more people than just Norman will survive. I am not sure how it will be ending. I am thinking of who I want to kill off or I may not even kill anyone. But the question for you guys is do you want the movie to end in one or two chapters. If two, they will be short. If one it will be hella long. Also, I don't know if I want a sequal or just to make the story longer by adding it in. Message me or review with your thoughts and Ideas. If both Jack and War Daddy live, I am going to go into them getting home. Let me know if I need to make a sequal or a really long story.[Chapter 11] Hell Hath None 11- Glory and Gore Warning for Gore They rode on for a while and Jack forced Norman back into the tank. She followed him down and took the time to explain everything in his area that he had to make sure for. She was patient with him and encouraging. Norman got the hang of everything quickly. Jack was alarmed with how easy it was to get along with Norman. He was someone you could just talk to. He was someone who asked questions, wanted to know. \"Who are they?\" He asked, pointing to Jack's pictures. She looked at them a sighed through her nose deeply. \"They were my family.\" She said and paused. Norman looked at her. She felt his confusion and rolled her eyes. \"They're dead now. Everyone on this wall is dead.\" She spotted the picture of her and her group. \"Except us of course. We'll have to get a picture of you up here someday.\" She said with a small smile. Her hand rested on the picture of her parents. \"These are my parents. And these two, with the kid? That's my sister and her husband. They had a kid. His name was Norman.\" She explained. \"What happened to them?\" Norman asked quietly. She didn't look at him. \"My sister and her husband died about two years ago. They were here smuggling people out of Germany. They were caught and killed. Norman came into my care. I left him with my parents to come here. Mother had a stroke a few months ago. A month or so after that, Norman and my dad burned to death in a fire. Suspected arson but I haven't heard of any progress in figuring out who did it.\" She explained. Norman looked at her with pity and sympathy. \"I'm sorry.\" He said quietly. She shook her head and gave him a small smile. \"Don't worry about it.\" She said. The two sat in silence for a bit and Norman looked out his scope. \"Hey, Norman?\" He looked at her, letting her know he was listening. \"You saw what I did right?\" He nodded quietly. She looked apologetic. Out of her mouth came something very rare. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to see that.\" She said quietly. Norman looked at her, unsure of how to tell her it was ok, Was it ok? Did he have the right to decide what is and isn't right? \"Hey, Jack? Come up here a minute.\" Don called through Norman's con. Hers was off and next to the seat. She moved to the back and climbed up and out of the tank. She took the spot Norman had occupied and mimicked his position. Boyd stood out of his hatch and Grady had already gone back in the tank. Jack suddenly felt as if she was in trouble. Her smile fell. \"Is this about the SS officer?\" She asked, worried she had gone too far. Don and Bible looked to each other confused. \"No. Should it be?\" Collier asked firmly. Jack messed with the strings on her boot. She almost looked like a nervous kid who had just got caught stealing out of the cookie jar. She shrugged. \"Didn't start worrying about it until Daniel spoke to me about it. Said I had gone too far.\" She said looking at Collier and Boyd. The men shared a slightly surprised look. \"As far as I'm concerned, it's not his place. That man didn't put him through what he put you through. Did you feel it was justified?\" Boyd asked her. She frowned and nodded. Bible shrugged. \"Then don't worry about it. We trust you. You don't go around just bashing everyone's heads in. You don't do shit without a reason.\" Boyd explained. \"You knew that SS officer better than any American in that square. I say only your opinion mattered.\" Collier said firmly, looking at her reassuringly. He wasn't put off by her actions. He had seen American soldiers do much worse with less reason. Some of them did what they did just because they could. He knew Jack must have had a decent explanation for how she acted. \"But that's not why you're up here.\" Don said and looked at her. \"As you know, you have to go over to the tank as a driver. I need to know if that's going to be a problem. I need to know what happened.\" \"It was nothing, it's-\" She tried. \"I'll decide what's nothing. Tell us what happened. I wanna make sure my crew's safe when they aren't here in Fury.\" He stated firmly. Jack looked to Boyd for help but her shrugged his shoulder and encouraged her to tell. She sighed through her nose. \"We were just talking at first. He told me about how the assistant driver died. Then he got on me about what I did. Pissed me off. He has no room to talk. He's worse than I am if you think what I did was bad.\" She told them. \"What he do?\" Boyd asked. \"To me or …\" \"Both. Tell us what he did that makes him no better.\" Boyd suggested. \"He kills the families. When I first got here, we came across a few families that were helping to get people out of the country. There were three. The first one had Jews hiding in their house. Daniel and I had to go in and make sure the house didn't have any Nazi's hiding. He found the Jews and gunned them down without a word. He said he couldn't tell if they were Nazi's or not. He was full of shit. He just hates Jewish people. Feels it's their fault we're here in the first place.\" She paused and pulled out her cigarettes. She gave one to Boyd and one to Don. She lit up before continuing. Don and Boyd were listening intently. \"Once he was done there, he came back and gunned down the family who owned the house.\" She stopped and started laughing grimly. \"I was screaming, had no idea what he was doing. He just told me they deserved it.\" \"They weren't with the Nazi's though.\" Boyd clarified. \"He doesn't care.\" She said and inhaled. She spoke as she exhaled. \"Next family was just two teenagers and three kids. I don't know where the parents went. They didn't tell Daniel so he gunned them down. They were just kids. Didn't even have a gun in the house. And when he questions someone, it's not just sitting down and talking either. He takes them down, puts them on the ground. I've seen him kick someone's face in. What I saw him do was inhumane, he didn't have a reason to be so violent towards people who weren't even involved. So when I pointed that out to him, he wasn't pleased. I smacked him once or twice and he full on punched me in the nose. I guess I was asking for it, hu?\" She said with a small laugh and looked at Don. Don had his mouth pressed into a thin line. \"I can understand fighting, but from what it looks like, he tried to kill you.\" Boyd said and poked her neck. She rubbed the bruising. She swallowed. \"Daniel, uh, he has a short temper.\" She said quietly, looking into her lap as she finished her cigarette. \"I'll be fine over there. He and I have fought before. All though choking me was a new one.\" She admitted with a small laugh, trying to be reassuring. \"We can work together well even when we aren't getting along. I'm the best fit going over there.\" She stated firmly. Collier looked at her, not sure he was comfortable with it but she had a point. She knew Daniel and would be a more cohesive fit. He nodded. \"Alright. I'll let you know when to go over.\" He said to her. She gave him a reassuring smile. \"Hey, War Daddy, you gotta stop for a minute, one of our tracks ain't working right.\" Someone called over the radio. \"We don't have a minute, we gotta keep going.\" Don called back. \"We don't have a choice.\" The man called through. Don sighed and ordered an all stop. Gordo and Grady were sent to go help. Norman climbed out and took a minute to stretch his legs. Don went to go talk to the other tops and Boyd was around somewhere. Jack was alone in the tank. She curled up in her seat and stuck her head between her knees, trying to calm down and breathe. Guilt washed over her for what she did to the German, no longer convinced she was right in doing that to him. Her memory revisited the time she spent as a captive. How she was starved and beat like an animal. Every time they caught her sleeping, nearly freezing water was dumped on her. They were shouting at her in German. She couldn't understand them. They had been asking her for an hour. The two Nazi's gave up and one kicked her in the face, hard. Her vision was fuzzy and she tensed up when someone gently grabbed her arms and helped her up. \"It's me.\" The boy said. She relaxed. He was the only person she could trust or relax around. That boy was a saint in her mind. He snuck her food and water when he could. \"Please stay strong. Don't let them know you don't know anything.\" He begged her. She was so tired, so sore. Her hope was gone and she knew she was going to die. Tears slipped down her face, cutting through the dirt and blood. \"I can't.\" She confessed weakly. \"Make it stop. Please, just kill me.\" She begged. She wasn't sure how much more she could take. She had been there for a month. She had long since given up hope of rescue. And she had no reason to go back. Her group was dead. This was the third time she had outlived a group. She didn't want to do it anymore. Jack blamed herself for their deaths. She should have had someone with her or had been more careful. She was on guard and she did nothing to warn them. They were killed and it was her fault. Guilt tore at her more than every kick to the stomach or blow to the face. The boy looked at her with sorrow. When he first met her, she swore up and down she would get out of there and come back to blow their asses to kingdom come. She had a fire inside her and now it was gone. He looked up as a strong German voice called out. The bow leaned over Jack and spoke quickly. \"They are coming to take you outside. Please, try to stay strong, please.\" He begged her. sHE looked at him and nodded. She would try. The boy backed up as two soldiers came in and dragged her out and tossed her in the mud. Her hands were behind her back in restraints and she rolled onto her side so she wouldn't be stuck face down in the mud. Her body throbbed in pain and she curled in around herself as a foot struck her stomach. The boy stood outside, watching powerless to stop them. An SS officer approached and rolled her onto her back with his foot. She looked up to him and tried to must up a glare. SHE told the boy she would be strong and she would try. He sneered down at her and spoke in German. The boy translated. \"I thought you had looked familiar when you came into this camp. I had thought you were a ghost.\" The boy translated as the officer took a picture out of his pocket. He briefly showed it to her. It was a picture she kept in her coat pocket. They took her coat when they reached the camp and they emptied out the pockets. She always kept two pictures in her pocket One of her and her sister and One of her and Norman. \"You two look alike.\" He said, referring to her sister and chuckled to himself. He spoke in German and the boy hesitated before translating. \"She, she was a pleasure. Put up more of a struggle than you. I like that in a girl.\" Anger coursed through Jack's veins at his words and she kicked at him, trying to hit his legs. He laughed and stood on her chest. He took a lighter to the picture and set it on fire. He dropped it next to her face and let it burn. He ordered for her to be brought to her feet. Two soldiers dragged her up and held her. The SS officer waved to someone, motioning them forward and a soldier lead out the little boy she gave her hat to. He was crying and had a bruise on his cheek. She struggled, trying to get at the officer. \"You leave him alone, you pig!\" She yelled. He asked her questions she didn't know the answer to. Where were the American camps, how many tanks did they have, where was the supplies held, all of which she didn't know. She tried to tell them she didn't know but the officer didn't believe her and put a bullet in the child's head. That was her fault too. It was her fault he got her sister. Jack should have done something to keep her sister from going to Germany, she should have stopped her. To make matters worse her sister wasn't just killed. The officer had assaulted her, defiled her before killing her. Jack hoped they had killed her brother in law first but didn't hold onto much hope. The same fate would have happened to her if the boy hadn't helped her. He never left her side and for some reason, it was enough to keep the Nazi's away Jack blamed herself for each person they killed when she could not answer his questions. Each bullet to the head, each throat slit, each person who had their head kicked in or each person who had drowned in their own blood because of a punctured lung. All at the hands of the SS officer. He wasn't afraid to do his own dirty work. She memorized his face and equated him with the devil. He was Satan to her and Jack swore to herself that if she survived, she would come after him with unhindered hatred. The worst she watched him do was right after they left the concentration camp. The smell of burning flesh was still fresh in her lungs and nose. The Nazi's had set up camp and the SS officer had pulled a man outside. He was a soldier for the German army. The boy was by her side and explained to her what was going on. \"He has betrayed the German Army. He tried to help prisoners escape.\" The boy said with his thick accent. \"He's going to do to him what the Vikings did.\" He tried to explain. Jack watched with horror as the man had the prisoner held down near a tree. He cut open the man's torso. She could hear his screams as if he was right next to her. Jack felt sick as the SS officer pulled out his intestine and nailed it to a tree. The man was still screaming. The two soldiers holding him down forced him up and made him walk around the tree, wrapping his innards around it until he bled out. Blood covered the SS officer and the two soldiers and they reminded Jack of demons straight from hell. Jack had been sitting in the tank in a ball, trying to breathe. The memories of the man and his actions flooded her sense. She could smell everything, see the gore, feel the blood covering her. She smelled the death and burning bodies and the screams of those in pain deafened her. The last memory had been too much and her stomach couldn't handle it. She pulled herself out of the tank and got onto the ground as quick as she could. She began to vomit. She tried to be as quiet as she could and tears of frustration and guilt and pain ran down her face. When she was done, she stood with her hands resting on her knees and she cried quietly. It took Jack a few minutes to get herself together and she rubbed her eyes to get rid of the tears. She was glad everyone was away from the tank and dealing with something else but people slowly began returning to their places. Norman and Boyd had returned and Norman pointed her bent over figure to Boyd. \"She ok?\" He asked Bible. Bible pressed his lips together and looked at Jack. She was breathing heavy but had stopped crying. \"She'll be ok. Go ahead get in, I'll talk to her.\" He told Norman. He nodded and did what he was told and climbed in. Bible walked over to her as she stood. \"Hey. You get sick?\" He asked. She nodded. \"Yeah. Just too much at once.\" She said. Bible nodded, understanding what she was referring to. \"You still worried about what you did?\" He asked. She bent back over and nodded. She was so tired. He crouched down and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Look, none of us blame you. We can't even imagine what those fuckers did, and I'm not sure we want to. You're only human, Jack. You ain't a saint.\" He said. She looked at him with a small smile. \"You gotta learn to forgive yourself. Once you get that, you can get past this.\" He said motioning to the vomit on the ground. They both stood up. \"How can I forgive myself if I'm not even sure I need to?\" She asked. He was so unsure about whether she was in the right or she was wrong. Bible thought on it before speaking. \"You a Christian right?\" He asked and she nodded. \"Then you know Jesus Christ forgives all. If you're so worried, pray on it. Ask to be forgiven and he'll do it. Now,\" He paused. \"if he can forgive you, why can't you forgive yourself?\" Bible asked. Jack cracked a smile. \"\"Cause I'm not a saint.\" She teased and Bible chuckled. \"Ain't that the truth.\" He laughed. She shoved him. Bible was right. She couldn't dwell on it. What was done was done and she couldn't undo it. Time to move on. \"Thank you, Bible. I mean it.\" She said with a small smile. He returned it and nodded. \"No problem, don't worry about it. Just make sure War Daddy don't see that.\" He said pointing to the vomit on the ground. \"Make sure I don't see what?\" He asked, coming around the side of the tank. The two started, taken off guard. Don spotted the vomit on the ground and sighed though his nose, exasperated. \"Would you stop doing that?\" He asked. \"It's not like I can help it.\" She said to him indignantly. He smiled slightly and Boyd tried to laugh quietly. \"Let's get goin'. He said to them. \"Jack, up top. I wanna make sure you eat and keep it down before you head over to the next tank.\" He said. She nodded and they got back up on the tank as it rolled out. She sat up top with Don and chewed on a few crackers he had. It was just the two of them and Jack felt worry creeping back into her. Bible didn't have a problem with what she did, but did Don? He was looking dead ahead, watching the road. She looked to him. \"Sir?\" She started almost timidly. He looked to her, slightly surprised. \"Sir?\" he asked, confused. \"You haven't called me 'sir' since you first got here.\" He pointed out and looked back at the road. She swallowed nervously. \"What's on your mind?\" He asked, knowingly. He had an idea of what it was but wanted her to say it out loud. \"What I did today,\" She paused. What was she going to say? Do you hate me? Was it wrong? \"Don't worry about it.\" He assured her with a small smile, eyes still on the road. She looked at him confused and he saw it out of the corner of her eye. \"Jack, no one who had their head on right blames you.\" He stated and smiled slightly. \"Hell, just this morning I jumped one of those sons of bitches and stabbed his face a few times.\" He told her and looked at Jack. His voice lowered a bit. \"Don't worry about it.\" He said slightly quieter with a reassuring smile. She smiled back and nodded. \"Thanks.\" She offered quietly. He reached out and nudged her leg, eyes tuning back to the road. The road in silence for a few beats before he spoke up again. \"Hey,\" he said getting her attention. She looked at him. \"Iche liebe dich.\" She snorted and shoved him. \"I swear to God, Don. You're gonna get me killed.\" She joked. They road on in silence for a while in open field. Everyone was quiet, getting some time to relax. Even the other tanks were quiet. Without warning, something whizzed through the air and hit one of the tanks in the back. Jack curled in a ball on her side and covered her head while Don crouched into the tank. She sat up and say the top of the third tank fly off. Don yelled to the drivers and Boyd. She slid off the tank and ran to the one behind her. She climbed into her seat and she saw Daniel climb back to load. \"Welcome aboard Edwards.\" The man in charge said and ordered to revers. Her and the three other tanks backed up and faced the field. \"What the hell was that?\" She yelled. \"Where the fuck is it?\" She yelled. The top told her he didn't know. She looked through her scope, trying to find it. They found it and Don called over the radio. \"It's a goddamn tank.\" He called. \"I see it.\" She called to her top. He acknowledged it and told Don. \"12 o'clock, eight hundred yards!\" He called. Don spotted it and reported back. Jack watched as Boyd and Grady launched at the tank and it exploded in a shower of white. \"Don, let's get the fuck out of here.\" Her top called. Don told them to stay and hit the son of a bitch. Jack thought her was gone, but supposed not if they still had to fire. The tanks fired and her Top told her to stop the tank. \"Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!\" he repeated. She halted the tank at the first stop. They sat in silence and waited, watching the smoke clear. \"All right all tanks move forward.\" Jack heard Don call over the radio. Her top relayed it and she made the tank move. It was challenging driving the tank by herself but she could do it. She followed the instructions from her top and trusted him to not make them do anything stupid. Daniel was loading the tank. \"Nice to have you again, Jackie.\" Daniel called to her. \"Shut your face and focus on loading.\" She called to him. A German anti-tank rolled out and fired. The shot whistled past. Jack watched as the shots from the canons did nothing to stop it. Fear flooded her veins like ice and she held her breath, praying they could stop it. Nothing was working and the tank fired. She heard her top swear and a few others share the same words. Her stomach knotted in anxiety. Daniel and the gunner kept loading and firing. The German's fired. \"They got Peterson, God!\" Her top yelled over the radio. Jack could feel the blood draining from her face. This was it, they were all going to be blown to bits. She heard Don shouting orders and her Top relayed. She did what she was told and looked out her scope at the thing. \"Fucking, hell. What the fuck is that?\" She exclaimed at the sight of the German weapon. It was a monster compared to what they usually face and she felt they were extremely outmatched. She heard the calls for fire. \"Something's wrong!\" Daniel called. Something was wrong with the loading process. \"Fucking fix it!\" She yelled at him. A few seconds later she heard something fire and saw something coming right at them. \"DOWN!\" She yelled. Daniel ducked into the driver's seat on top of her. He covered her as the top of their tank was blown off. Fire erupted and the tank was filled with smoke. The heat and weight of Daniel and the tank's debris was crushing her and she struggled to push him off. He was barely alive but the large piece of metal sticking out of him told her he didn't have long. The metal ripped through him and exited his stomach and stabbed her in the shoulder. It was shallow and barely went in past a half an inch but it hurt and was bleeding. She could hear Daniel trying to breathe and she pushed him off and to the side. \"Oh, my God.\" She whispered. \"Daniel.\" She said quietly and couldn't stop the tears from escaping. She had been crying a lot lately. Tears ran down Daniel's face as well. \"Sorry. We don't see eye…eye to eye.\" He struggled to get out. She tried to shush him but he continued. \"But, you…..you are..\" he gasped in air. \"my friend…you gotta…gotta go home for me.\" He said as he yanked off his dog tags. He yelled in pain. \"Go..go ho-\" he was cut off by a strangled noise in his throat and his body went rigid before the light dulled from his eyes. Jack rested her hand on his, gently gripping the dog tags and she cried silently. He and Daniel hadn't seen eye to eye, but they were friends. They had survived for so long in Germany and kept tabs on each other. Now he was gone. Jack took the dog tags and put them around her neck and closed his eyes. She sat there for a moment before trying to stand. She looked back and saw the fire was getting close to her. She needed to leave before the tank exploded. She tried to stand but yelled in pain. Looking down, Jack saw a piece of metal in her thigh. She swore and struggled to stand. The men in Fury were swearing up a storm. Even Norman joined in on the yelling. Don told them they were all that was left. Boyd asked if he had a visual on Jack. \"Negative. Only the top half was gone. There's a chance she's ok, but right now we gotta take this fucker out!\" he called down through the radio. \"Now, fire!\" he yelled. Boyd fired and Grady reloaded. Don tried to get them behind the tank and the two exchanged blows. They were all shouting and Boyd finally hit and did some damage. \"One more, one more, come one, Grady!\" Boyd yelled and Grady loaded as fast as he could. They fired again and the German tank stopped. The men in Fury began breathing easy. They halted and Don stood with his gun. He fired at the two Germans who ran out of the burning tank. Don saw a German leader stand up and fire at him. Norman tried to fire but only got a few shots in before he ran out. HE tried to reload but a gunshot rang out. He looked through his scope to see the Nazi drop dead. \"Gordo, was that you?\" Don called down. Norman and Gordo shared looks of confusion. None of them had gotten him and Don didn't get a chance to fire. \"No, man. Thought that was you!\" He called back. Grady and Boyd stood out of their hatch and Don turned around. Jack was lying on the ground between the tank she was in and Fury. Her gun was pointed at the German tank, waiting to see if more would come out. Don smiled slightly, relieved she was ok. Grady and Bible cheered and told Gordo and Norman what was going on. The tank behind her burned as did the German tank. She stood and tried to run to the tank. Jack only got a few feet before the tank behind her exploded, sending debris every where. She dropped and covered her head as the men dropped into their own tank for protection. \"Jesus Christ.\" Grady said. \"How the fuck did she survive that?' He asked. \"Told, you only the top was taken out. Divers would have still be ok after that shot.\" He explained and opened the hatch again. \"Hey!\" he called to her. \"You ok?\" She smacked the ground and looked up at him furisouly. \"DO I fucking look ok to you?!\" Jack hollered. The three men chuckled a bit and Grady and Boyd went to go help her. The severity of the situation hung over everyone like a thick fog. They were all that was left. Don looked around the field, breathing hard. They were all that's left. He looked at the burning tanks around him. Grady and Bible helped Jack into the tank. Boyd was going to patch her up the best he could. Grady sat in his seat and rubbed his face. Bible took off his helmet and rubbed his hair before getting the first aid shit out. Jack sat in silence, looked down at the dog tags in her hand. It was her fault he died. Gordo was breathing heavy and Norman pat him on the arm. Don was calling over the radio to someone. \"Great fucking job, Gordo.\" Norman said to him. Gordo took a drink and Jack startled when Don beat the radio. \"radio's 86, we're on our own.\" Don told them. Jack yelled when Bible pulled the metal out of her leg. He began dressing the wound. None of her injuries were anything to worry about, they were shallow but painful. After that it was silent. Boyd looked like he was trying to keep it together. Jack looked back at collier and saw the same thing. Jack had let go of her inhibitions back with Daniel and tears silently fell down her face. They had just been slaughtered. Don pat Boyd firmly on the shoulder and told him good shot. Boyd told them he was just the instrument not the hand. \"God didn't call us today. You hear me boys?\" He asked as he lit a cigarette after dressing Jack's leg. \"What the hell's he doin' up there?\" Grady asked. \"Big pair of dice?\" \"Lord's protection.\" Bible called to him. \"Boyd don't we got it?\" Grady called. Bible agreed and they began to laugh. Jack put a hand over her eyes as a smile cracked on her face. \"Norman was mowing them fuckers down too, wasn't he.\" Grady said. Bible messed with his mustache and congratulated Norman. Jack sighed and spoke to him too. \"Told you, Norman. Not so bad, hu?\" She asked him, hand still over her eyes. Don rested and hand on her head before stroking the side of her face. Grady beat the roof of the tank. \"Best job I ever had.\" He laughed. Boyd repeated Grady, laughing. Jack joined in laughing and said it quietly. Soon enough Gordo said it too and to her surprise so did Norman. Jack leaned back against one of Don's legs and looked up at his serious face. She offered him a comforting smile and he looked down to her, stroking her face. \"We're still open for business.\" He stated as he grabbed his helmet. Jack sat up and shook off her jacket. She grabbed some gauze and pressed it against her shoulder. It was the same one as her gunshot wound but the metal struck lower. It was shallow but it hurt. \"Let's head out meet hos Krauts, do what we're told.\" Don ordered solemnly. \"There's a wave comin' in and we're the rock to break that wave.\" \"Vamanos.\" Gordo said quietly. \"Gorod, get us out of here.\" Don ordered and stood up. The tank rolled forward and every put their helmets back on. Jack patched herself up with the help of Boyd and put her jacket back on. After a few minutes she stood up too, meeting Don. He looked at her and she could see the pain clear on his face. She wanted so bad to reach out and pull him close. But they both knew he couldn't. He had to stay strong for the boys inside. Seeing that pain on his face was worse than anything Jack had experienced all day. And she couldn't help but feel some of it was her fault.[Chapter 12] Guys, im in too deep. I have gotten too close to this story and I have been having my hear freak out all day for this chapter. We all know what's coming next. We all know it. Am I gonna make it quick and get it over with like you should rip off a band aid? Hail to the mother fuckin no. I don't know if ill be able to get through this without crying or screaming or something. Wish me luck and happy reading. Please review and let me know what you think. Hell Hath None-12 Fire and Fury, Skillet She knew she had no reason to feel like what happened was on her. But every so often she had a thought creep into her head. What if I had reacted sooner? What if I didn't react fast enough? What if I had seen it sooner? They were all irrational, she knew but the what if made her uneasy. Eventually, she shook the notion off as being tired or survivor's guilt. Jack looked down to the dog tags in her hands. Daniel was dead. Jack was the last surviving member of her first tank and she wondered how much longer she had. Jack stood next to Collier, enjoying the fresh air and trying to breathe. Every now and then she would cough. The smoke from the tank had made it hard to breathe. After a while, Grady came out and stood on the back and Bible was leaning out of his hatch. Jack pulled herself up to the spot next to Collier and sat with her gun in her lap. Don pulled out his binoculars and looked ahead. There was a house and off in the distance was their destination. Don ordered them to get up on top of the hill to cover the valley. As they began to roll past the house, something next to the tank exploded. Grady grabbed her and pulled her to the back to get her down and covered her. Everyone was yelling. \"The fuck!\" Jack yelled. \"What the hell?\" came Bod's yell. \"Get down! Get Down!\" Don had yelled. \"Hit the fucking tank!\" Grady yelled. \"Where are they?\" Jack yelled? \"I don't know!\" Grady yelled back as he stood, she lay on the tank with her gun ready. \"Where?!\" Boyd called. \"Mine.\" Don said, looking exasperated and calm. He yelled it louder. \"Settle down it's a mine, we hit a mine is all.\" She heard him say. Every began breathing and catching their breathe. They all had their wits scared out of them and Jack stood, leaning against the tank. \"Every body up?\" Boyd yelled. Everyone responded and hopped down, swearing. He crouched on the ground and looked at it. Jack Leaned over and tried to see it. \"How bad is it?\" She asked. \"About broke as fuck.\" Grady answered. \"Can you fix it?\" Don asked. Grady looked at it and Gordo came over to give it a good kick. \"Yeah, why not.\" Grady said and spit. Gordo began speaking in Spanish and Don looked around. \"Alright, Norman I want you and Jack to check out that building-\" Jack cut him off. \"Nu-uh. Fuck that, man. I don't even know why you guys got off the tank.\" Jack said. Don looked at her with a slightly confused look. \"I'm always so close to getting blown up. I'm not up for getting blasted to kingdom come, today. No, sir.\" She said as her voice trailed off and she walked around the tank. Norman laughed at her. Don sighed through his nose. \"Jack. Get off the tank, it's fine.\" Collier told her. \"No, way man.\" Jack said quietly and turned to look at him. \"C'mon now, don't wuss out.\" Grady said as he grabbed her from behind and pulled her off the tank. She struggled and shouted until he put her on the ground. She froze. Boyd and Norman started laughing at her. She looked terrified. \"Stop fuckin' laughing! It's not funny!\" She hissed. Grady nudged her along and she slowly walked to Norman, eyes on the ground. Soon she got ok enough to walk around. Took her a few minutes and the guys laughing but she did it. She had to limp though because of her leg. They held their guns up and began walking inside the building. It was just a few corpses. Jack grimaced as they went further in. After a bit, she lowered her gun and turned to Norman. \"It's clear.\" She said and leaned back against the wall. \"Can we go now?\" He asked firmly, uncomfortable. \"They mean well.\" She said, catching his attention. Jack nodded her head in the direction of the guys. \"They are rough around the edges, but their good men.\" She said and pulled out a cigarette. She offered one to Norman but he declined. She shrugged. \"Grady may seem harsh, but they like you.\" \"Don't exactly act like it.\" Norman muttered. Jack met his gaze calmly but firmly. \"Can you blame us? You've seen what it's like.\" She said as she lit it. \"How did you put up with them for so long?\" Norman asked with a small smile. Jack exhaled smoke and laughed. \"It's not that hard.\" She walked past him and elbowed him. \"Come one, let's go.\" She said and the two left the building. Collier was watching them and Jack waved a bit to let him know they were ok. \"See anything?\" He called. Jack shook her head before calling back. \"Nope! Nothing but dead bodies!\" She called Collier took off his helmet and grabbed something. \"Kid!\" He called and tossed a box to Norman. He pointed to the top of the hill. \"You got outpost guard.\" He said. \"Don, I'm going with him. No way he's going alone.\" She said as she climbed up and in the tank. \"Then why are you getting in the tank?\" Collier asked her with a slightly amused expression. \"Getting our fucking canteens!\" She called before climbing back out. He stopped her and looked at her. \"Iche liebe dich.\" He said. \"Stay safe.\" He added seriously. Jack could see the true worry and concern in his eyes and tried to offer him a comforting smile. \"If I step on a mine, it's your fault\" She said quietly before she got off the tank and met up with Norman. She handed him his canteen and they began walking. It was a long walk and they need to get their quickly. Or as quickly as she could with her limp. It took them a while to get up there. When they did they settled down and began eating. Jack set her gun down and leaned against a tree. Norman placed his in his lap and tossed her some food. She smiled in thanks and pulled something out of her coat with a wicked smile. It was a flask. \"What's in there?\" Norman asked. She took a sip and passed it to him. He drank and coughed. It was really strong. Jack laughed and took it back she took a small sip again before putting it back. \"You dong ok, kid?\" She asked, seeing his weary face. He looked at her with his tired eyes and nodded. She pursed her lips. \"It'll get better. You just gotta hang in there.\" She assured. He nodded They sat for a while, listening to the wind and Jack tried to relax. Norman sat up in his seat like he heard something. Jack looked at him and then out to the road. They both crawled to the edge of the brush and looked. There was a long line of SS soldiers marching and singing. \"Holy shit.\" Norman breathed. Jack began hitting his shoulder. \"Back, back. Leave the food we gotta go.\" She said quietly. Once in the woods again, they stood and began to run to the road. Halfway to the road, Jack stopped and swore. \"What, what's wrong?\" Norman asked. She waved him on. \"Keep going, I forgot my gun!\" She told him and ran back to their spot. Jack ran back and picked up her gun. She could hear the soldiers and crawled back to see if she could see the end of the line. She swore and ran back when she couldn't. She sprinted as fast as she could towards the tank. Fear pumped her heart faster and she urged herself to the tank. She saw Don talking to Norman and pushed to run harder. Jack tripped over the mounds of mud and caught their attention. She pulled herself up and hobbled over to the two. \"Norman said troops? Doesn't know how many. How many?\" He asked Jack firmly. She shook her head and coughed, unable to speak. \"Two or three hundered, maybe.\" Norman answered. Don asked if they had tanks. \"No. Trucks.\" Jack said. \"Just trucks.\" She said putting her hands on her knees. \"I didn't see the end.\" She admitted quietly. \"Probably just a bunch of bumbs lookin' to surrender that's all.\" Grady suggested. Don walked past them and Jack stood as Norman disagreed with Grady. \"These are well trained, well rested. They were fucking singing. They looking for a fight.\" Jack told him hurriedly. Grady asked where and Norman told him. Jack looked at Don and walked over to stand next to him. He stood looking at the road, hands on his hips. They all stopped. \"Woah, you hear that?\" Bible asked. \"It's a goddamn SS battalion.\" Collier said. Jack froze and they guys began grabbing their shit. \"We gotta go.\" She said quietly and went to Norman. \"Grab your shit.\" She said. Jack looked up to Gordo who tossed Jack her bag. \"Grab my pictures if you can.\" She said. He nodded. Her bag was small enough for her to carry easily. Most of it was first aid shit. \"Let 'em pass us through.\" \"Let's hit the woods.\" Boyd suggested and started talking to Norman. Jack saw Don turn and realized what he was going to say. She shook her head at him, pleading. He met her eyes. Please don't. She begged silently. Collier looked down and back up to his men before speaking. Boyd approached him, seeing his look. \"We ain't run before, I ain't running now.\" He said determinedly. Boyd cam eup to him. \"We're gonna fight it out.\" \"We can't.\" Boyd told him. \"We're gonna hold this road.\" Collier stated, looking around to everyone. Cold fear crashed over Jack as she stood in her spot. \"What chu mean we gonna hold this, the tank's busted!\" Grady yelled, pointing at the thing. Jack began climbing up the tank. She dropped her shit in her seat without a word. \"The tank's fucking busted, top!\" Grady yelled. Jack stuck out her hand to help Don up. He took it and climbed up to the gun. \"Yeah you said that.\" Don said. \"Top, what are you doing?\" Bad asked. \"Jack, Jack get off the tank.\" He said to her. She just looked at him and shrugged. Grady kept yelling gat Don. Don yelled at them to mount up. They asked how they were gonna fight if they don't got a tank. \"We got a cannon!\" He yelled. \"Toooop!\" Boyd yelled, shutting everyone up. \"What are you doing?\" He asked outrageously. Collier pulled out a tool box and set it down. He looked to each and everyone one of them, holding their gazes. Jack held his gaze with a neutral face. She looked calm and firm. How could she be so calm? \"Get outta here.\" He told them. \"You, too.\" He said to Jack, making her jolt in surprise. Get to the tree line.\" He said defeted. Jack's mouth dropped open. \"Fuck that. I'm staying.\" Jack said. \"Jack get off the fucking tank and get going.\" He told her, not meeting her gaze. She closed her mouth and looked at him, watching him. Tears had begun to build but she forced them back and stood firm. She looked at Norman who had the same expression as her but his mouth was still open. He was shaking his head slightly. \"Boys, take care of yourselves, you hear?\" He said to them. He took one look at Jack and realized not even the four men on the ground would be able to take her away from him right now. He met her gaze and nodded at her in recognition of that fact. She walked over to him and he crouched down to Boyd. Bible looked up to the two with tears in his eyes. \"It's all right.\" He told them quietly, softly. Jack put a hand on his shoulder and looked at them too. Boyd backe dup and hmmed at them. \"It's all right.\" He repeated and Gordo came over to him. Don smiled slightly and beat the tank with his fist. \"This my home.\" He said. The men nodded in understanding. They didn't question Jack. They understood. She watched with horror as Norman climbed up onto the tank and met them with a look of determination that would rival Jack's. Part of her was proud of him, another wanted to push him off the tank, make him go with the others. Don looked at him as Norman stated that he was going to stay. Don nodded. \"I'll need you to load.\" He told Norman. Jack looked to the men on the ground and offered a small smile. \"Go, on. We got this.\" She shooed at them. \"It's ok.\" She assured them quietly. Boyd met her eyes. \"Grady, c'mon.\" He said as he walked around the tnak and climbed up. Grady let out a strangled noise as tears slipped own his face. Jack smiled and a tear pell past her eyes as well at the sight of Bible. He came over and hugged her. \"We gonna stay.\" He told Don. Gordo nodded and made his way up. Jack laughed and ran over to meet him with a hug, too, more tears slipping down her face. \"What is you plan?\" Bible asked as Don looked at them and leaned against the gun. Jack watched Collier. He stood silent for a few minutes, and Jack spun around to see Grady behind her. \"Fuck it.\" He said strongly. She smiled at him. He returned it and grabbed her into a strong hug. He released her and she put a hand on Norman's arm. He looked at her with a small smile. She smiled back. Sergeant Collier thought for a few minutes before slamming his fists on the gun and pointing. \"Get us one of the dead krauts.\" He ordered. They all spent the next few minutes making the tank look like a mess. Jack poured gasoline over the bodies and watched as they were lit. She grimaced at the smell but pushed forward. Grady lit a cigarette and offered her one. She took it. Don, who had been behind them kicking burning sacks, came up behind her and pulled back a distance from the resto f them. She looked at him with raised eyebrows. \"You look calm.\" He pointed out. She took the cigarette out of her mouth. \"No use in panicking.\" She said shrugging her shoulders. \"Besides, what do I have to panic about?\" She asked him. He looked at her. \"You know the chance of us succeeding-\" He began but she cut him of. \"Don't. We are going to get out of this and we are going to be fine.\" She told him firmly. He smiled down at her and stepped into her personal space. \"I expect to live up to my name. No way I'll let some SS fucker kill me now.\" She told him quietly with a small smile. He smiled back at her for a moment before whispering quietly to her. \"I love you.\" He told her. The smile fell from her face and for the first time, he could see fear creep into her eyes. She put a hand on his arm and glanced down to her feet before meeting his eyes. \"I love you, too.\" She whispered quietly. Don exhaled through his nose and rested a heavy hand on her cheek. His gloved thumb wiped away a run away tear. She knew they were going to die. She knew now may be the only chance to tell him. He looked at her before leaning down and kissing her fir the first time. She closed her yes and kissed him back for a few brief seconds. But those brief seconds felt like a lifetime to her. He stepped back and Jack could feel warmth creeping through her veins. He smiled at her and pat her cheek before walking back to the tank. Jack smiled and rubbed at her face, following him. They all climbed into the tank to wait. Jack helped pass stuff around and felt her stomach tie itself in knots. They were passing around grenades and explosives and talking to each other. She was up with Norman and Gordo, reloading Norman's gun for him. She sipped water from her canteen. They were all reloading everything and Gordo looked at his wooden cross. \"Boyd?\" She called up. \"Yeah.\" \"Can I get my St. Christopher back?\" She asked. He moved and undid it from that it was hanging on and gave it to her. She thanked him and put it around her neck. She slid behind Norman and tore the picture of her nephew off the wall and put it inside her inner coat pocket near her heart. Jack tried to focus on her breathing, anxiety welling up inside her. She kept sighing through her nose and Norman offered her a small smile. She returned it and turned to face the top. She could see Don from her seat. Boyd was behind the cannon and Grady was organizing rounds. Jack pulled out her cigarettes and Don's lighter. She had pocketed it earlier and just remembered she had it. She lit up and watched as Don brought out a bottle of something. \"Might as well get a little tight. Won't be around for the hangover.\" He said looking at the bottle. Boyd looked at him and removed his cigarette. He looked at Grady who hung his head. Everyone sat around awkwardly. Jack cleared her throat. \"Fuck you guys, I'm gonna be around. I got a name to live up to remember?\" She said quietly. They guys looked at her and a few smiled fondly. She didn't see, she was messing with her necklace. She began to hum parting glass to herself. She hummed as Don took a drink form the bottle. She opened her flask and took a sip herself. Don sighed loudly. \"Ah! Ah, that's better than good,\" he said with his head back. Boyd wanted some but Don took a drink again. \"What you gonn do with it?\" Don asked him. \"I'm gonna drink it. I know you hear me preaching. What we are doing here is a righteous act. You hear me Gordo?\" Bible preached and called out to Gordo who hummed back at him. \"There's a bible verse I think about. And it goes: Then I heard the voice of the Lord, sayin' whom shall I send? And who will go for us?\" Bible had to clear his throat, fighting back the tears and terror working its way through him. \"And I said, Here am I…\" \"Send me.\" Jack finished for him. He smiled at her. Norman looked at her and repeated it quietly. She rested her hand on his knee and smiled. \"Book of Isaiah, chapter six.\" Don said to him quietly, looking at Boyd. Boyd met his stare and began to laugh. They lit cigarettes and passed around the bottle. Jack took a good helping before passing it around. Never before had she felt this heavy pressure in the tank. The tank had become her sanctuary, her safe place. Now it would become her tomb. She pulled out the picture of her nephew and kissed it. \"I'll be home soon.\" She whispered to it, tears threatening to fall again. Jack tucked it back in her coat and took another sip from her flask. She snorted at Norman who grimaced at the large swallow. \"Damn, son. You a fucking, drink, fight machine aint you.\" Grady said. \"Machine! That's it, that's his war name.\" Don declared from his seat, the picture of utter ease. Jack looked at him sitting relaxed in his chair, light smile on his face. She wanted nothing more than to take a picture of him and keep it with her forever. They started laughing. \"Yeah, that's perfect.\" Boyd said. \"I christen thee Machine!\" War Daddy called out from the top. Norman smiled at their antics and Jack laughed, hoping some of the tension would leave her. They started cheering and yelling his name. She joined in. \"Welcome to the fucking family, Machine!\" She yelled as she punched him in the shoulder. They all took a breather. \"I love it in here, I do.\" Don confessed. \"Best job I ever had. \"Best fucking job.\" Grady agreed. They all went around saying it and Jack drank from the bottle when it came back around her way. Her smile faded when Machine leaned up and looked out his scope. Fear etched onto his features and she put her flask away and stubbed out her cigarette. The storm was coming. It was knocking on their front door. \"They're comin'.\" He called to them. They all shifted around and Jack turned around to face the front. She put on her helmet and let go of her necklace. They all waited, agitated, waiting for something to shoot at them or blow up. She wished she could see outside. She leaned back and held her gun at the hatches. Ghost was ready, and she wasn't gonna fuck around. The silence was suffocating and they heard the pin drop from a grenade. She closed her eyes and waited. The hatches opened and her, Machine, and Gordo fired. \"Now!\" War Daddy yelled and he, Grady and Boyd tossed Grenades. Gordo and Jack stood, closing their hatches. Boyd fired the cannon, takin gout a truck. All hell broke loose and she could hear it raging outside. Grady re loaded. \"Clear!\" \"On the way.\" Bible called and fired again. Norman and Gordo were swearing up a storm as they began firing, gunning down anything that moved. Don told Boyd to fire into the building. \"Gimme another, that was beautiful.\" He ordered and Boyd and Grady reloaded and fired. SHE watched as her boys fired and gunned down everything they could. Jack saw the moment Norman ran out and began reloading before he could even tell he was out. She opened the gun and reached for the bullets. Then she remembered they were out. \"WE got thirty outside.\" Don said. \"Lay down some smokes. Ghost up here. Gordo, on my signal lay down some cover fire.\" Jack made her way to the top. Her and Bible were going to pop out and grab everything. She wondered why they didn't grab it in the first place, before they began firing. Her and Bible sat and waited. War Daddy tossed a few smokers and Jack readied her gun. Then she thought better of it and took it off, setting it on the floor. \"Alright, here we go.\" War Daddy said and opened the hatch. Norman and Gordo opened theirs on his signal and they began firing. Boyd went to the gun as Jack and War Daddy went to the front and grabbed the boxes, tossing them back. Don covered her when he noticed she didn't have her gun. At this point, he wasn't really surprised. \"Button up!\" He yelled as Jack dove into the tank. He stayed and threw his gun at the man climbing up the tank. He whipped out his gun and Jack looked up. She watched him take a bullet to the arm. \"Don!\" She yelled as he began to get hit by a shovel. She grabbed her gun and pulled Collier into the tank and shot the man in the face. He fell off the tank and She stood and closed the hatch, narrowly missing a bullet. \"Machine! Bag!\" She yelled and Norman tossed her the bag. She caught it and set it by her feet. \"Save it.\" He said to her. \"I'm ok.\" She looked at him with concern and zipped the bag back up. \"They're getting' cocky.\" He said to them all. \"Sure as hell ain't doin' no good, leaking every where.\" Bible pointed out. Collier looked at him and stuck his arm out. Jack quickly pulled out the stuff to dress it. \"Where the fuck did you get all this?\" Boyd asked her, seeing what was in the bag. \"You don't think I just sat on my ass for a month do you?\" She said as she worked quickly. \"McMurphy gave it all to me and taught me how to use it. I can patch up damn near anything.\" She told them. Boyd Sat next to Don after she finished fixing his arm. Jack finished quickly and left them to talk. She went to help Grady and Gordo. Before long Don was at his scope, looking around. He told them not to shoot unless they saw something. No one could see anything. Gordo yelled something that Jack didn't quite understand. They began to fire and as Grady stood, something hit the tank and shot through. It bounced inside the tank. Everyone froze or swore and Grady fell. \"Grady!\" Jack screeched and climbed over to him. His had a large chunk of metal sticking out of his back. \"Grady!\" She called to him. When she didn't get an answer she shook his shoulder gently. A smile of relief came to her face when he grunted and swore. She grabbed the bag and began patching him up, forcing him down when he tried to move. \"Stay down! I don't want to take it out. It's too close to your spine and I don't kneed you bleeding out.\" She told him. Boyd appeared at her side, tears on his face. \"Fuck, fuck. No.\" He cried quietly. \"Bible, he's gonna be ok.\" She told him ash she worked quickly. The piece of metal in his back looked horrible and it was questionable whether or not he was actually gonna make it. \"Grady, stay down!\" He ordered. \"Bible! Back to your post! You're still in this fight!\" Don ordered. Jack finished up and rolled Grady on his side before helping him sit up. \"Don't fucking move.\" She ordered him and leaned him against something, careful not to let him lean back. He propped his arm up on the tool kit she put next to him and leaned against it. Boyd was a fucking mess. Jack didn't blame him, they all just thought they lost Grady. They all were firing and things exploded outside the tnak Grady told Jack how to load the canon and walked her through it quickly. \"How long can we keep this up?\" Machine yelled. Soon enough he was out. Grady looked around for something to give him. \"She's out. That's all there is.\" Came the call and they all looked around in sorrow. Boyd had pulled himself together. Jack began swearing. \"Don't get your panties in a bunch, we still got hand weapons and a fifty.\" He told her almost playfully. She glared at him. \"Who's with me?\" He called. She grabbed her gun and pulled it close. They all readied up and called out to each other. Don opened the hatch and climbed out slowly. He got on the big gun and Jack followed him out. She crouched next to War Daddy and covered his back. After a few beats, heavy fire rained down on the, They all ducked back in the tank and Don covered Jack. Don stood back up and began firing. Jack peeked over the top and fired as well. She crouched back down and reloaded when Boyd came out and shot the man the fired a flare. Jack spotted Nazi's trying to sneak past them and fired, taking htem out. \"Guys, I need a weapon!\" Bible called and pumped out of the tank, climbing down. Don yelled for him to go. Jack heled her gun and watched out for Bible, keeping him covered. Jack ran out of ammo and yelled out that she needed more. She hoped Grady would be able to get her some. To her surprise, Grady stood and began firing. She watched as Boyd took out a hand gun. Grady told Jack to get back inside. She dove in and made her way to the front. She sat with her back to the front in between Gordo and Norman. She grabbed her ammo and reloaded. Jack went to reach for another clip when Gordo fell back in his seat and a grenade landed in her lap. She panicked and grabbed it, tossing it up out of Norman's hatch. She grabbed Norman and forced him down as it went off right outside the tank. She covered Norman until it was clear. She sat up and looked at Gordo. He was shot in the shoulder twice. He leaned back. Jack looked at Norman and they nodded. Norman fired as Jack stood and closed Gordo's hatch. He tried to hold back a groan of pain and Jack crawled over to Grady, tugging him into the tank. \"Here's some ammo, Gordo's hit. I'll be right back!\" She yelled over the gun fire. He pat her head and pulled himself out of the tank. Jack grabbed her bag and quickly patched up Gordo. He nodded and Norman kept firing. \"Jack, take my seat, cover me!\" He called. Jack looke dup to see him climbing out of the seat. \"You're fucking crazy!\" She screeched as she popped out of the tank and began firing. She watched as Norman walked over and got Bible. Boyd had been fighting with a few German's and needed help. They came back and Norman climbed in after her. She breathed with relief. \"You're insane.\" She laughed. He caught his breathe and reloaded. Jack climbed back to see Grady on the floor, now bleeding from his shoulder. \"Damnit, Grady.\" She told him and pulled out a thing of gauze. She pressed firmly and grabbed his hand. She made him apply pressure on his own. She heard Don give the call button up and Boyd slowly climbed into the tank. He had a knife in his leg. He went to pull it out but Jack stopped him. \"Don't it's keeping blood in.\" She ordered and began patching it up so the knife didn't move. He put a hand on her head and smiled weakly. Norman closed his hatch but to her concern, War Daddy was still outside, firing away and throwing grenades. She leaned over to the open hatch. \"Don, get in!\" He called to her. \"Not yet!\" He called. He began to yell in German, taunting them. \"Bible, Grenade!\" War Daddy called. Boyd stood and began to poke his head out of the hatch. Jack grabbed him and pulled him back in as a bullet whizzed past and skimmed the side of his head. Boyd sat in the tank, completely shocked. Jack grabbed what was needed and only reached her hand out, setting it down before retreating into the tank. Bible was mumbling and Norman and Gordo looked back to see him bleeding. \"Bible, Bible, you're ok. Just grazed you.\" She told him softly and wrapped gauze around his head. \"Just like what happened to Jack.\" Grady said coming into Boyd's line of sight. He nodded and tried to focus on breathing. Norman rested his head on his gun and breathed. Jack froze when she heard Don's grunt and the gun stopped firing. She leaned back in horror and looked out the hatch. \"Don!\" She cried out as she heard him yelling in pain. She tried to stand out of the hatch but Grady and Boyd stopped her from making the same mistake Bible had. \"Don!\" She cried as her eyes began to tear and she was met with silence. \"Don!\" She cried again, letting tears fall freely as she struggled against Boyd and Grady. Norman and Gordo looked to each other. Gordo was still holding gauze up to his shoulder. He began to climb to the back. Jack saw gloves grip the opening into the tank and a shot rang out. She screamed as she saw blood spray. Jack struggled harder. Don swung his legs in and began to lower himself into the tank. Another shot rang out and hit his shoulder. He grabbed the hatch and slid in, shutting it. Gordo pushed Jack's bag to her and she grabbed it, pulling it close, as she sniffed and wiped away her tears, trying to pull herself together. She watched as Don fell into a seat and a sob broke through her as she went to him. She unzipped his jacket to get a better look at the wounds. Don watched her, silently as the guys sat around. Norman remained in his seat but turned around to face everyone. He watched as Jack shakily began to apply pressure and gauze onto one of his wounds. Don tried to hold in a hiss of pain. She whispered and apology and he looked at her fondly. Don's legs were spread and Jack had knelt between them, getting as close to him as she could. Don looked around to each one of them before his gaze landed on Norman. \"I'm sorry, son.\" He said gruffly, exhaustion seeping through his voice. Jack had stopped crying and went about, trying to cover his wounds. It was easy to see she would start up again at the slightest push. Nomran sighed, breathing heavily before responding. \"It's…it's ok.\" He breathed, looking around him, looking at Jack's dead family and looking at his dying family before him. He had spent a day with them and they were already family. \"What can you do?\" He whispered. He sighed twice deeply. Don grabbed Jack;s hands and forced them into her lap. He wanted her to stop fixing him up. She looked at him and slouched back to sit on her feet. She rested her head on his knee and watched him, tears starting to slip through. Don struggled to grab his pistol before resting it in his lap. Norman watched. Gordo had leaned his head back against the tank and closed his eyes. Gordo and Boyd had set Grady in a resting position. Grady was bleeding out fast and Boyd grabbed some gauze and tried to top it, or at least slow it. \"I did my best.\" Don said. Jack tried to smile as she put a hand on his knee, reassuringly. Don couldn't meet her gaze. \"Yeah.\" Norman said. \"I know. I know.\" Jack closed her eyes at the sounds of explosions going off outside the tank. She wondered who the hell would be firing at them. They should just come up and finish them off. Why bother wasting explosives? The thought startled her. This was it. This was the end. They were going to die and there was nothing she could do. Jack was helpless and she couldn't call out for them to save her again. They were just as stuck as her. She felt tears slip past her shut eyes as Don began stroking her face, gently. She opened her eyes and met his calm gaze. His blue, calm eyes. She thought back on when she first met him. Wasn't that the first thing she noticed? His eyes? They were a beautiful, wise blue and she thought back on the year she had spent with him, every look he sent her way. \"Sergeant Collier?\" Norman called. Don broke eye contact with her and slowly turned his head to face Norman. \"Yeah, son.\" He said calmly, quietly. \"I'm scared.\" Norman admitted after a few breaths. Jack shut her eyes to fight against more tears. She gripped tightly onto Don's leg when he responded quietly, in a whisper, that he too was scared. Don continued to stroke Jack's face as he met Boyd's gaze. They nodded at each other in agreement. Both were scared, and both respected each other. There was so much said from that little nod. Jack turned and buried her face against his knee as she heard someone walking on the tank. They all looked up, and Boyd and Don grabbed their guns. Gordo wasn't moving. Gordo was dazed and dizzy from blood loss. He had been shot again and Jack didn't know. \"Oh, fuck. I wanna surrender.\" Norman said and Don looked at him. \"Please don't.\" He told him. \"They'll hurt you real bad. And they'll kill you real bad.\" Don told Norman, still stroking Jack's face. \"Fuck, what do I do?\" Norman asked. Jack turned her head away from Don's knee slowly. \"There's a hatch. You see it?\" Don asked. Norman did. \"You and Jack. Both of you go.\" Don told them. Jack looked up to him in shock and the hatch opened above them. Don fired and the hatch dropped. Jack stood and grabbed the handle, shaking her head. \"Don, I'm not leaving you.\" She sobbed quietly in a whisper. \"Please don't make me leave you.\" She begged. He sighed through his nose and looked at her. \"I love you.\" She whispered. \"I love you, too.\" He told her quietly before turning to Norman. He opened his mouth to speak when they pulled at the hatch. Jack used all her strength to keep it closed. Norman watched in fear. She was keeping it closed, but just barely. Don looked at him in a way that urged him to go. Bible crawled over to his seat and sat, waiting for the end. He couldn't join Norman with his leg, he would only get the kid killed. \"Ready when you are top.\" Boyd said as he relaxed into his seat. The men nodded at each other and Jack let out a cry. Norman opened the hatch when and explosion right next to the tank shook them. Jack almost fell onto Don and looked up. No one was pulling on the hatch but she didn't let go. Boyd sat upright and looked at Norman. The tank shook with another explosion and Boyd looked through his scope. \"What the hell?\" He called out loud. \"Holy shit!\" He yelled with a laugh. They heard gunfire overhead. Jack looked up and slowly released the hatch. There was yelling and gunfire. \"Calvary has arrived! We're gonna make it!\" Boyd yelled. \"Norman, close that hatch! We're gonna make it!\" Boyd yelled. Norman did as he was told and hurried to his seat, looking out his own scope. Norman laughed in relief as two American tanks rolled towards them with a large battalion of Americans following with two trucks, stocked with who know what. And these men weren't tired, wounded and hungry. They were fresh and ready to fight. \"Fury tank, this is Kill Roy. You guys still alive? Over.\" Someone called through the radio. The three looked at it. \"I thought it was busted?\" Boyd said. \"Just out of range!\" Jack yelled and ran over to the thing, getting on it and letting them know what was going on. \"Roger, just sit tight, we'll get you boys out of there.\" The man called over. Jack let out a cry of relief and Boyd and Norman yelled together. Boyd got on the ground and shook Gordo awake, telling him what happened. Jack made her way back to Don, smile on her face. She kneeled directly in front of him and placed her hands on the sides of his face, tears of joy falling down her face as she smiled brightly. \"Don, you hear that? We're ok. We're gonna be ok.\" She whispered to him. He smiled and rested a hand on the side of her face. She smiled and began to cry harder. Jack leaned forward and rested her forehead on his. They closed their eyes and breathed. Norman watched with a smile on his face. Boyd tried to get Grady to wake up. He did but he was worse off than Gordo. Grady grabbed Boyd's hand and they held on to each other. Norman climbed over to sit next to Gordo. The two drivers leaned against the wall together, breathing in relief. Gordo had a bottle and passed it to Norman who drank more than a sip. Jack and Don breathed deeply, relishing in the idea of surviving together. They were both going to survive. They were going to be ok. The two rested with their heads together for a while as the six listened to gunshots over their heads. Jack smiled to herself and let her tears fall without shame. At the end of the day, she had gotten her crew through this. They were ok. It took a few minutes before they got a call over the radio. Jack picked it up. The SS battalion was taken out. It was over. The Americans were ending medics over to help them out. Jack confirmed with them and described what was wrong with each person. After she put the radio down she walked back over to Don whose eyes were still closed. She kneeled back down and put a hand on his arm. \"Don, medics are coming. The SS are gone.\" She said quietly, gently shaking him awake. His eyes stayed closed and a cold wash over Jack. She felt as if someone had dumped ice water over her. She shook more firmly. \"Don? Don! Don, wake up!\" She said firmly. \"Don! Don, it's over. We're safe!\" She told him. He didn't move. \"Don, baby, please.\" She begged as her voice cracked. She began to cry again. \"No.\" She said quietly and rested her bloodied hands on the side of his face. \"No.\" She repeated and rested her head against his again and began sobbing quietly. Boyd looked on, fighting tears. Gordo wasn't very aware of what was happening and Norman let tears fall past his face. \"Jack, Jack c'mon.\" Boyd called out to her. She didn't move. An American soldier called out to them and Norman stood and opened the hatch nearest him. They were told to get the person in the worst condition. Since they figured Don had passed, Grady was sent up first. They pulled him up and the medics put him in an emergency truck. Next was Gordo. He was a little easier to get out of the tank. Norman helped Boyd out before looking back to Jack and Don. She hadn't moved. The men outside told him to hurry and get out. Norman stood on the outside of the tank. He told the medics what was happening. Jack was in there and she was ok, but their top had been shot and he isn't responding. The medics told him they would handle it and two men lead him down. He and Boyd stood off to the side, waiting for Jack to come out. The two medics climbed in. Soon after, they heard Jack screaming. One man climbed up the tank and stood at the hatch. He helped pull Jack out. She was crying and screaming and struggling, begging for them to help Don and that he wasn't dead. Boyd hobbled over to the tank, followed by Norman. They stood and helped the man get Jack off the tank. Boyd rested his weight on one leg and grabbed Jack's arm, pulling her into his arms. He held onto her and rubbed the back of her hair as he cried for Sergeant Collier as well. Norman stood next to them, crying silently as well. He cried for Don but he mostly cried for Jack. \"Sh. It's ok. It's gonna be ok.\" Boyd held the sobbing woman as he watched the commotion going on at the tank's hatch. One of the medics was yelling to the others and pointing at the emergency truck. Boyd watched the one of the men climb down and go to the truck. Norman watched as the man returned with a stretcher. \"Fuck.\" Boyd said, cracking a slight smile. \"I don't fucking believe it.\" He said quietly, still holding Jack. \"What?\" Norman asked. \"What's wrong?\" He asked looking to the top of the tank where they were pulling War Daddy's body out of the tank. \"They don't get the fucking stretcher for dead bodies.\" Boyd said, letting out a laugh of relief. Hope you guys like this. Movie is over but the story is not. Please keep an eye out for the next chapter and let me know what you think of this one. Love you guys![Chapter 13] Hey guys, thank you all for sticking around. I would like to take a moment to thank everyone who as reviewed so far and I would like to thank you all for reading. I must warn you, the story is not over by far. They still have about a month in Germany. Also, please review guys, the more I get the faster I will update. If people don't review, I put stories on the backburner and they don't get updated as quickly. So let me know if you still like the story, please enjoy. Jack was in a daze the whole ride back. Norman and Boyd sat on either side of her, helping to keep her upright as she stared at Don who was still out cold on the stretcher. There was hardly room to move in the truck, but that didn't stop the medics from working on him. They covered the wounds and put a blanket over him to keep him warm and keep his body from shutting down. He did not wake up. Jack stared at him the way back to the base. At one point she grabbed onto his hand that had been hanging off the stretcher. She didn't even realise she grabbed. Jack had stopped crying and sat still. Boyd and Norman would exchange words every so often but Jack didn't hear them. She should have stayed with him and stopped the bleeding when she had a chance. She should have let Norman take the radio. She should have kept fixing him up even after he said no. She should have….she should have…. These thoughts plagued her and her breathing quickened. She wasn't aware of anything around her or what was happening to her. Boyd leaned forward slightly to try and see her face. It had paled significantly and he could hear her shallow, raspy breathing. Boyd put an arm around her and pulled her into his side when she began to shake. He guided her head onto his chest and rested his chin on her head. Boyd rubbed her back and tried to get her to calm down. He was worried she would hyperventilate or go into shock or something. Norman talked to one of the medics to see what they thought about their leader's situation. They were hopeful but there was still a chance something would go wrong if they had to dig stuff out of him. For the most part, it looked like the bullets went clean through. They hoped they wouldn't have to go digging around in him. If they did, they risked opening up a major artery and losing him in surgery to do previous blood loss. After a while Jack had calmed enough to breathe normally and they pulled into the camp. They were met with McMurphy and another surgeon. McMurphy was shouting orders and asking questions. The Medics pull Sergeant Collier out first and took him straight to surgery to make sure he had no more bullets. It was still dark by the time they got to the base camp and McMurphy was slightly surprised to see Jack and her group ebing bussed in for injuries. \"Jack, thought I told you I didn't want to see you back here for a month!\" He said teasingly as he watched her get out fo the truck. His smile fell when she didn't respond. She didn't even look at him. He turned to the surgeon next to him and told him to go ahead and start seeing what needed to be done with the sergeant. McMurphy was going to take care of Grady after he checked on Jack. The surgeon instructed the medics where to take him inside and followed them in. Jack tried to follow but McMurphy stopped her. Gordo and Grady had already been taken in and were being worked on. \"Jack, stay outside.\" He began but Jack tried to shove past him. Norman came up behind her and tried to pull her back. She began to struggle. \"Jack, you need to stay outside while we work on them. I want you out here.\" McMurphy told her. \"We'll stay with her.\" Bible told him, hobbling over, careful of his leg. McMurphy glanced down at it before looking back to Boyd. He nodded. \"I'll take a look at your leg once we patch these guys up.\" He told Boyd before turning back to Jack. She looked slightly dazed. \"Stay outside until I personally tell you otherwise. Understand?\" He asked. He wanted her outside in case something went wrong. She didn't need to see that. He waited for her to respond. Eventually she looked at him and nodded. He turned and went inside. Jack looked down and lifted her hands to see them. She was covered in mud and blood. Her hands were red and covered more in blood than ny other part of her. \"Why?\" She whispered quietly to herself. \"What have I done?\" He asked a tad bit louder. It was loud enough to catch Norman's attention as sh began to try to wipe her hands together in an attempt to get the blood off. \"What did you say?\" Norman asked gently. \"So much, blood. Oh god, there's so much blood!\" she began to say louder. Boyd hobbled over to try to help Norman calm her down. He stood next to her and was about to say something when Grady's pained yelled ripped through the tent. Jack dropped into a crouch and covered her ears with her hands and cried out. \"Make it stop! Oh God make it stop! It's all my fault! All my fault!\" She cried out. Norman crouched down, confused and pulled her hands away from her ears as she began crying. \"It's not your fault, Jack. You saved them!\" He insisted. Boyd was standing next to her still and spoke. \"Don't you worry. They'll pull through.\" He told her. She fell back on her rear and sat, starring at her hands. She sat like that for a while. Norman remained crouched next to her and Boyd stood by. It had begun to drizzle and they could tell a rainstorm was coming. After a few minutes it began to rain harder. She sat in silence, unmoving. Only when McMurphy appeared did she look up again. He smiled and she stood up, walking towards the tent. He put his hands up to stop her and she stopped, glaring. His smile widened. \"They're gonna be fine. They are getting patched up and cleared now.\" He looked over her to Boyd. \"Come on in, we have a few beds. We want to keep you guys over night, make sure everyone's looked out for. I'll take a look and your leg and head and Jack's leg too.\" HE explained. Jack glared at him deeper and he turned to Norman. \" You got anything needs to be looked at?\" Norman shook his head. She grabbed Jack by the shoulders and lead her inside. Norman helped Boyd in. McMurphy sat her on a spare bed and told Boyd to tank the one across from her. He moved away and Jack tried to stand. He pushed her back down. She watched him walk away. She sat alert on the edge of the bed and Boyd plopped down on one of the beds and gingerly rested his leg on the bed. Norman took the bed beside him and sat on the edge of it. He looked over and saw Jack tapping her leg. Grady brought into the area with the help of two medics. He was swearing up a storm and Norman couldn't help but laugh. They wouldn't let him walk on his own. \"Grady, relax man. Let 'em help you.\" Gordo said as he followed, unassisted. \"Man, why fuck they ain't carryin' you?\" He yelled as then sat him on a bed. His shirt was off and his jacket was draped over his shoulders. Gauze wrapped round a large part of his torso and he grunted as he sat down. \"'Cause I didn't have no fucking piece of metal stickin' out of my back.\" Gordo countered as he sat. His shirt was back on, but he was paler and looked unwell. But he was alive and going to recover. Gordo had taken a bed next to Jack and eyed her back She was facing the other bed next to her and not facing him. Grady had seen her too and taken the other bed next to Norman. \"Hey, Norman.\" Grady said to him quietly. Norman turned to look at him. Up close, Grady looked worse that Gordo. A Medic walked in with and iv drip and attatched it to Grady's arm. \"She doin' ok?\" He asked motioning to Jack. Nomran looked at her and shrugged. \"I think she'll be better when Sergeant Collier gets back.\" Norman told him honestly. Grady nodded and leaned back. \"She shouldn't worry to much. He was awake when we walked out.\" He said and slowly leaned over and reached out to Norman' s pillow. He grabbed it and set it on the pillow behind him. Norman didn't mind. Grady leaned back on the two pillows. \"They givin' him more blood right now. Makin' sure it goes ok before they bring him out here with us fuckers.\" He laughed to himself before looking over at Jack sadly. She looked like shit, like an abandoned puppy. Grady shook his head. \"Man, how long she been like that?\" HE asked Norman. \"Since we got her on the bus.\" Boyd said from his spot. Grady rubbed his head. Gordo watched her while the other three talked. Gordo tried to get her to talk and asked her questions. She didn't respond. They sat there for about half an hour. Grady had fallen asleep. Soon after, Norman settled down to get some shut eye. Gordo was still awake and so was Boyd. A medic came out and began cutting away at the fabric on Boyd's leg and removing most of the gauze that was keeping the knife from moving. The medic got up and quickly returned with more supplies to redress the wound after the knife was removed. Jack still sat in the same position, not giving in to the sheer exhaustion she faced. Every so often Gordo saw her pitch forward slightly, but she startled herself awake. He was waiting for her to hit the floor face first. Gordo's attention flicked between her and his cards. One of his arms was in a sling. Grady had a sling too but he didn't keep his arm in it all the time. They were all alive, but they looked like shit. Some of them looked half dead and Jack looked ready to fall down. Boyd watched her too and wondered how long it would take until she fell asleep. McMurphy and two other medics carried into the room a stretcher and an iv drip attatched to the man they carried. Everyone's attention turned to them as they brought Sergeant Collier into the room and set him down on the bed right infront of Jack. She had jumped to her feet the moment they entered, completely alert. Boyd internally groaned at their timing. She was just about to pass out. He grunted out loud as the medic pulled the knife from his leg and pressed gauze into it. Jack crouched next to Don's bed and reached out, picking up one of his hands. She watched him closely, looking to see if he was awake or even still breathing. Concern filled her when he wouldn't move or open his eyes but she swallowed it down, trusting the medics to have made the right calls and that he would be ok. She held one of his in both of her own and remained crouched next to him. She still hadn't said anything. McMurphy sat at the end of Boyd's bed. The two spoke quietly as a medic wrapped up his leg and checked his head. Gordo stood and mad his way around to Jack. He sat on her bed and gently nudged her shoulder. \"Jack?\" He asked to get her attention. \" C'mon, let him rest. He's gonna be ok, man.\" He said and kept gently shaking her shoulder. \"Get some sleep, man you need it.\" Jack lifted Don's and her hands up to her mouth before finally talking. \"It's my fault this happened to you guys.\" She said quietly, shaking her head. \"All my fault.\" She said as she began to shake slightly. Gordo looked at her before answering. \"What chu talkin' about, man? You one of the reasons we still alive!\" He told her quietly. She let out a slight humorless laugh and shook her head. \"No, no, no. This is my fault. Just my fault.\" She repeated quietly. Gordo sighed in defeat and got up, making his way over to McMurphy and Boyd, sitting on Bible's bed. The two men stopped speaking and looked at Gordo, waiting for him to speak his mind. He nodded at the two men before opening his mouth. \"Man, Bible, I think Jack's lost it.\" Gordo admitted quietly. \"Shit\" Boyd sighed and rubbed his face tiredly. McMurphy looked between them, confused. \"Ah, fuck.\" He swore again. \"What's wrong?\" McMurphy asked them. \"What's she saying?\" Boyd sighed deeply. \"She keeps sayin' it's her fault, like every scratch on us was done by her own hand.\" Boyd told him tiredly. \"She keeps sayin' it, won't listen to anything we fuckin' have to say about it.\" \"Why would she think that?\" McMurphy asked, trying to get an idea of what was going on. Gordo and Boyd shrugged. \"You'd have to ask her man.\" Gordo told him. \"She did kinda act as a nurse. Maybe she felt she didn't do a good enough job?\" He suggested. \"Probably stress and exhaustion. She needs sleep. Has she had a decent meal today?\" They shook their heads to his question. He smiled. \"I'll handle her.\" He said and began to stand. \"What you gonna do?\" bible asked wearily. McMurphy turned to him. \"Don't worry about it. Let me handle her. You two get some sleep. I don't wanna see you guys up.\" He said as he walked away. Gorodo and Boyd looked at each other and shrugged and Gordo returned to his bed, getting under the heavy blanket and closing his eyes. He was out like a light. Boyd moved the thick blanket over himself but watched to see what McMurphy had up his sleeve. A short while later, McMurphy returned with two mugs of coffee. Boyd watched as he sat on Jack's bed and held one out to her. Bible heard her refuse but McMurphy must have said something for her to finally remove one of her hands from Don's and take the mug. She and McMurphy sat there for a few minutes, just talking and they drank from their mugs of coffee. A few minutes later, Jack tried to stand quickly, but stumbled and fell, catching herself on her bed. Her tin mug had fallen to the ground and she sounded angry. McMurphy stood and smiled a friendly smile. Bible sat up, watching. Jack jumped up and lunged, swinging at McMurphy. The medic laughed quietly and caught her. He got her onto her bed and tossed the thick blanket over her and picked up her mug. He put Don's hand back on his chest. McMurphy began to walk away and Boyd saw his happy smile fall into a tired expression. He saw Boyd staring. \"You drugged her.\" Boyd stated, slightly impressed. It was a smart move and probably the only way they could get her to sleep. The medic smiled at him through his exhaustion. \"I'm a doctor. I don't drug, I prescribe.\" He said before walking away. \"Get some sleep.\" Boyd did as he was told and settled down into the cot. Before he got some sleep, he looked across the room to see Don and Jack, completely out cold but ok. He looked around to Grady, Gordo, and the new kid, Norman, who had found his own place in their little family. He smiled to himself and put his head down on the pillow. Throughout the day, members of Fury would wake up, be fed, and then be ordered to go back to sleep. McMurphy had gotten attached to the group, much to his dismay. The frequency in which Jack had to visit the tent meant he would be running into the members of her tank. Now they had all landed in his care. They were a funny group, upbeat even in the worst times. Rough around the edges, but good people. Norman was the first to wake up. He woke up around midday. Grady woke up while Norman was eating. Grady had eaten and went back to sleep. McMurphy lent Norman a book and he sat and read for a while. In that time Gordo woke up and got something to eat. \"Anyone else wake up yet?\" Gordo asked Norman. The kid looked around and shrugged. \"Just Grady.\" He said, lowering his book. \"I'm up.\" Boyd's voice came as he raised a hand. \"I'm up too.\" \"Mornin' sunshine!\" Gordo called from across the room, laughing slightly. They all looked to Jack as she rolled over on her cot in her sleep. She struggled under her thick blanket before settling down again. Norman looked over to Boyd's alarmed face and laughed when Bible let out a relieved sigh. \"Thank the Lord.\" He said letting out a sigh. \"That girl needs to sleep for another month.\" He said out loud. \"Yeah, man. You hear she was sick last month too? Man, she got the shittiest luck.\" Gordo added. Norman snorted. \"How's she stay alive this long? You guys talk like someone's out to get her.\" Norman noted. \"Probably. With her luck? I wouldn't count it out.\" Boyd answered before groaning and sitting up. \"What time is it?\" He asked, his voice still heavy from sleep. \"Doesn't matter.\" Don's worn voice said as he struggled to prop himself up on hi arms to look at his men. He nodded t them. \"You boys better get some sleep while you can.\" He grunted. \"Mornin' to you too, top.\" Boyd said jokingly. Don sghed through is nose. \"Morning.\" He grunted and struggled to sit up and lean forward. It took him a few minutes and after he got up, he was leaning forward, trying to catch his breath. McMurphy came out to check on everyone then. He broke out some food for those who just woke up and grabbed another medic. They went around checking on everyone's wounds. But they left Jack alone. The boy's stayed awake for a while, just relaxing. Norman was quiet for the most part, just watching them interact. Jack had been right. They were rough around the edges, but they were good men and he could see why she got along with them so well. They were easy going for the most part. Until they got in a battle, they were relaxed men. He didn't mind when Grady sat at the foot on his bed to play cards with Gordo and Boyd, they even told him to join in the game. \"Sergeant Collier opted to stay on his own cot. He was reading the book Norman had been using. Norman had handed it to him when he learned Don wasn't going to join them. Jack didn't wake up. Don looked over to her sleeping form, her face was buried in her lumpy pillow and under her thick scratchy blanket. McMurphy saw him looking at Jack while checking his gunshot wounds. \"She'll be ok. She just needs sleep.\" He told the Sergeant who looked at him. \"She should wake up soon, the drug wore off a while ago.\" \"You had to drug her?\" Don asked. McMurphy looked at him, remembering. The medic laughed slightly. \"Oh yeah. You were still out. We couldn't get her to go to sleep so I put something in her drink to knock her out. I needed to get her to sleep before she did something dangerous.\" HE explained as he began rewrapping Don's injuries. \"Don't be surprised if she keeps sleeping though.\" He continued. \"She hasn't been sleeping well. Has she always woken up screaming or vomiting?\" He asked. Don looked to him again. \"I thought she stopped.\" Don stated firmly. McMurphy shrugged. \"She only threw up twice, and that was when she first was in here for the gunshot. Sometimes she'll wake up startled in the middle of the night.\" The medic told him. Don nodded, listening carefully. \"How long you keeping us here?\" Don asked firmly as the medic stood. HE shrugged. \"Depends on how many beds we need. I'll probably let the kid go tomorrow. I wanted to keep him here to make sure he didn't go into shock. Jack will try to leave when she wakes up. I have to make sure there isn't any metal bits in her leg.\" He sighed and shook his head. \"That's gonna be a shit fest with her.\" Don smiled and snorted a quiet laugh, understanding what he ment. He would only imagine how much of a struggle it was trying to fix her up when he had to fight to get her there. \"\"I'm going to check your man Boyd's leg again. If it's healing ok, he can go too. You and your man Grady I want to keep another day or two. Make sure you guys don't pass out. Gordo should be ok to leave tomorrow but I'm going to talk to who ever is in charge to keep you out of duty for at least a week or so.\" The medic continued speaking. Don had no problem with what he was saying. His boys had been through enough the past few months, they needed a break. Everyone suddenly went quiet and McMurphy startled before slowly turning to look at Jack. She had sat up and her eyes were slightly open. She was slouched forward slightly. They sat and watched her for a few seconds before she fell back against the cot, dead asleep. McMuprhy laughed slightly. \"I hate it when she does that. It's creepy as hell.\" HE said and grabbed his things. \"You guys get some sleep. I'll be back later to check on you guys.\" He said and left. The men spent the rest of the afternoon and evening playing cards, eating or sleeping. The only two who stayed awake for the better part of the day were Norman and Gordo but as the night went on, they went back to sleep, enjoying an actual bed for once. Norman hadn't been there long but had already begun missing having a bed. The next morning the guys woke up within minutes of each other. They were feeling better and they looked better too. Don and Grady still looked a bit pale but it was a lot better than they had looked before. McMurphy and a few other medics passed out some rations and McMuphy brought around a thermos of coffee. He checked everyone's wounds personally before clearing them. Norman and Boyd were cleared and Grady actually almost cleared. His injury was healing well and he was just being kept for one more day because he was still slightly pale. After checking Gordo's bullet wounds, he was cleared to go but he had to check in later and the next morning for them to make sure the wounds were still healing without infection. When he found that Jack hadn't woken up yet he laughed and went over to her bed. \"Damn, she must have been tired.\" He said as he crouched down. \"SHouldn't we let her sleep?\" Norman asked. McMurphy shook his head. \"I need to check her leg and I don't want her waking up and kicking me.\" He explained as he grabbed her shoulder gently and shook, tryng to ease her awake. She was buried under her blanket and the only part of her you could see was the very top of her head. \"Jack, c'mon I need you up.\" He said trying to urge her awake. She didn't budge. \"Jack, your guys are up before you.\" He joked with a soft laugh. A pale hand reached out and tried to wave him off with a grunt. Gordo and Grady laughed quietly but McMurphy frowned as she rolled over. He stood and rolled her onto her back and ripped her blanket away form her face, concern flashing across the usually easy going man's face. He swore under his breath. She was pale and sweaty. She grimaced and slowly opened her eyes before cramming them shut again. She tried to cover her face, not happy at the sunlight. She grabbed at her blanket, trying to cover up. \"Fucking cold.\" She mumbled. The medic tossed the blanket onto the bed behind him and pressed a hand to her sweaty forehead and swore when he felt she was burning up. \"What's wrong?\" Don asked sternly as McMurphy checked her pulse. \"Woah, what's going on?\" Boyd asked hobbling over and sitting on Don's bed as the medic looked over Jack, looking for the source of his suspicions. He saw the bandaging around her leg and grabbed a pair of scissors, cutting through it quickly. He grimaced and swore again before answering. \"God Dammit. She still has metal in her leg.\" He said quietly as he began to slowly move the fabric from the cut. The blood had congealed over it and it was stuck to her. \"Shit\" He swore and looked to find her sleeping again, or trying to. He grabbed her face and tried to get her to wake up. \"Jack? Jack do you hear me?\" She grunted. \"Jack, you have blood poinsooning, you need to stay awake.\" HE told her as he stood. \"Blood poisoning?\" Norman asked as the medic grabbed his bag. \"Yeah. Stress lowered her ability to fight infection and she was just sick last month. Didn't know there was still bits in her leg. I need to grab a stretcher, keep her awake.\" HE said as he ran to the back and passed through the flaps that acted as doors. Boyd moved to her bed and Don turned himself to put his feet on the floor and leaned forward. \"Jack, Jack c'mon now.\" Boyd prodded and gently tapped her face. \"Wake up now, girl.\" She grunted and opened her eyes glaring. She looked like shit and she felt like it too. He smiled at her. \"Hey there, you hear what the medic said?\" He asked. She shook her head, frowning and put a hand on her head. \"I feel like shit.\" She said quietly. The two men near her laughed. Gordo sat at the end of her bed, near her feet and on the side opposite of Boyd. Norman stood behind Boyd and Grady dropped himself on Don's bed. \"You look like shit to, man.\" Gordo told her teasingly She tried to kick him but was too tired and week to do anything. \"How is it that you didn't even get too banged up last night and you're in worse condition than us?\" Don asked her gently with a teasing smile. She rolled her head to the side and looked at him with a slight glare. \"Glad to see you're ok.\" She said and McMurphy returned swearing. \"Where the fuck are my medics?\" He swore and dropped the stretcher next to her bed. He pointed to Norman. \"Help me carry her.\" He said as he pulled her off the bed and put her on the stretcher. \"I can walk.\" She commented weakly and McMurphy scoffed as he and Norman carried her out. Norman had to stay and hold her leg down and still so the medic could work. She wasn't screaming or swearing which concerned McMurphy. She didn't usually scream but she would at least argue or swear. Once a few medics arrived, he dismissed Norman who returned to his group. \"How she doing?\" Don asked him upon returning. \"She's ok. They're about to finish getting everything out. It's really gross.\" Norman added and Grady snorted. \"Boy, it's a war injury. It ain't gonna be pretty.\" He told Norman jokingly. \"C'mon Normna, let's go find the tank.\" Boyd said as he stood from the bed. \"They got it back here?\" He asked. \"Yeah. Fixed it up yesterday and had a team bring it in last night. Let's go see how fucked it is. They only got it running again. Probably take us a month to fix it to be fighting again.\" Boyd said and Gordo heaved himself off the bed. \"See what you can do but take it easy. Don't need to see you boys back here.\" Don told them. They nodded and headed out. It took them a while to find their tank but found it none the less. It looked like shit. Sure it could move, but it looked like shit. Boyd and Gordo groaned and Norman just looked at it. At least they wouldn't be bored. And at least he wouldn't have to clean up anyone's face. They decided to climb in and see what damage was done inside and start checking to see what needed to be fixed. Boyd suggested they see if they could even get her going again. Gordo and Norman fired her up. Some of the controls were busted but she ran. They began working on the controls in the tank and weren't even close to being finished by the time evening fell. When it got dark they decide to stop for the night and visit the rest of their group. \"Gordo, my sick isn't shifting. Is yours?\" Norman asked. Gordo checked it and found it worked ok. He dragged himself over to Normans side and checked the stick himself. \"Man, you got it jammed good. The hell you do?\" He asked Norman. \"I didn't do anything.\" Norman said defensively. \"Relax.\" Gordo said as he pulled out a flashlight and checked the part where it connected to the tank. \"Just messin'. It don't look like it's jammed in here. We gonna have to take it apart.\" Gordo told him and Norman sighed through his nose. \"Hey, Gordo!\" Boyd called from his seat. \"Toss me a wrench will ya?\" Gordo reached into the tool box and tossed a wrench back. It hit Boyd in the ribs and he grunted. \"Fuck you man. Watch where you're throwing shit.\" Norman tried to hide his smile but started laughing when Gordo smiled at him, pleased with his aim. \"It looks like it's getting dark.\" Norman noted, pointing out of his hatch at the darkening sky. \"Why don't we stop for the night.\" He suggested. \"Sounds good.\" Boyd said. \"Hwy don't we go make sure Jack isn't dead yet.\" Gordo laughed. At Boyd's suggestion. \"Man, the day that girl dies is the day hell freezes over.\" Gordo said as he stood and struggled to slowly climb out of the tank. Boyd pulled himself out, careful of his leg. Norman had no issue, being uninjured. They began ambling back, walking slowly for Boyd's sake. \"Hey, Bible.\" Norman asked as he put his hands in his pocket. \"Yeah.\" He acknowledged, urging Norman to ask his question. \"When we were getting ready for those SS soldiers to arrive, I saw Sergeant Collier kiss Jack. Are th-\" Boyd cut Norman off and stopped walking, both he and Gordo looking at the kid with shocked faces. \"When did they kiss?\" Boyd asked, sounding as if it was of extreme importance. Norman was taken aback a bit and repeated what he said. Boyd cracked a big smile and Gordo groaned. Norman looked at the two, confused. \"Pay up. Gordo!\" Boyd said, sticking his hand out. Gordo swore in Spanish and smacked a full pack of cigaretes in his hand. \"Ah, thank you, Machine!\" Boyd said laughing, pocketing the pack. \"You guys bet on them kissing?\" Norman asked, confused. \"We could tell they liked each other for like ever, man.\" Gordo explained defeated. \"Didn't think they'd have the balls to do anything though.\" \"C'mon, let's go see 'em. I'm sure Grady'll want a smoke.\" Boyd said with a grin on his face and the two began walking again. Norman shook his head at the two but followed. They entered the medical tent, relieved to see Jack doing ok. She was sitting up and tossing a ball back and forth across the room with Grady. Don had taken her pillow and was propped up against the two pillows, reading a book. Jack turned to look at the three who had just entered, still slightly paled and smiled brightly at them. She was about to speak when the baseball connected with her face and hit her hard. She swore loudly as her head was knocked to the side. Don looked up from his book and looked at her, eyebrows raised, as she reached on the floor, grabbed the ball and chucked it at Grady as hard as she could. It hit him in the chest hard and he grunted. \"The fuck was that for?\" HE yelled. She fumed as the guys approached. \"For fucking hitting me in the face you ass hole!\" She yelled back as Norman sat at the foot of her bed and Boyd went over to Grady's bed. \"You shoulda fucking caught it then!\" He argued. Jack looked ready to shoot him as Gordo followed Boyd to Grady's bed. \"Just ignore him.\" Norman suggested with a smile. She glared at Norman and kicked him with her booted foot. He laughed and her glare slipped away to a relaxed but semi serious face. \"How you doin'? You holdin' up ok?\" She asked him and Norman laughed to himself. He looked over and saw Don's look of amusement as well. \"Why you askin' him that? You're the one that's sick.\" Don told her. She turned to him, rolling her eyes. \"We did almost just get massacred.\" She said seriously. Norman laughed quietly. \"I'm ok.\" He assured her and she gave him a small smile. It disappeared when McMurphy entered the room. \"Jack, where the fuck is my baseball?\" He asked exasperated. She just sat still. He stood at the end of her bed, hands on his hips. \"Jack, where is it?\" She pointed over to Grady. \"He took it. His idea.\" Jack said, throwing the man under the bus. \"The fuck do you mean I took it?\" Grady yelled. The poor medic sighed and walked over to Grady who had the ball. \"Don't worry. I know she took it.\" He said as Grady gave him the ball. \"How do you guys live with her?\" \"She comes in handy every now and then.\" Boyd said with a sly smile as he took out the pack of cigarretes and began taking a few out. McMurphy left and Grady looked at Boyd confused. \"What the fuck are these for?\" Grady asked quietly. Boyd didn't answer but just gave him a huge, toothy grin. Grady looked from Boyd to a partially bumbed Gordo and to Jack. \"Naw, man. No way.\" He said, starting to laugh. Jack looked at them, slightly concerned. \"Yes, sir. I swear on the Bible.\" Boyd said, starting to laugh too. Grady laughed loudly and Jack turned to Norman. \"The fuck are they laughing about?\" She asked and Norman fought back a laugh. She smacked his arm a few times. \"The. Fuck. Did. They. Do?\" She asked through her teeth before standing. \"The fuck did you guys do to my seat?!\" She yelled. \"Jack, get back in bed.\" Don said slowly, not looking up from his book. \"No! I'm fucking making sure they didn't fuck with my stuff!\" She yelled and hobbled towards the exit. \"where the fuck is the tank?\" She called as she left. Boyd, Norman and Grady were laughing hard and even Gordo was chuckling. Boyd cleared his throat as Don stared them down and they tried to stop laughing. It was a challenge. \"What did you boys do to her seat this time?\" He asked, dropping his book to the bed. \"We didn't do anything, Top. We just had a friendly bet goin' on is all.\" Boyd explained, trying not to laugh. Norman noticed Don's hint of a smile as he nodded at Bible and picked up his book again. Don had an idea of which bet they were talking about. He heard them make the bet a while ago, unknown to them. \"Where the fuck did she go?\" McMurphy asked, seeing her empty cot. \"She went to the tank. We tried to stop her, but she just didn't listen.\" Boyd told him, feigning innocence. Norman snorted and the medic set his stuff on her cot and ran out of the tent, muttering something about murdering her. They saw him return, dragging her by her coat. She stumbled as she walked and he forced her on the bed. \"Jack, I swear, if I catch you off this fucking cot again, I'll chain you to it.\" He threatened and Jack rolled her eyes. He went about checking her leg and gave her some medicine to take. When he left again Don spoke to her. \"Told you to stay.\" He said, not looking up from his book. \"Fuck you, War Daddy.\" She grumbled, laying down. \"Give me back my fucking pillow.\" She demanded. \"No.\" Was his only response and she grumbled, pulling the blanket over her head and going to sleep. She was asleep in minutes, the infection had taken a toll on her. She almost regretted getting up and walking around. Here you guys go, just them healing. I figured someone had to get blood poisoning so why not Jack.[Chapter 14] So no one is getting the China Beach references. McMurphy is named after a character from that sho and the phrase \"I don't drug I prescribe\" is a line from another character. Look it up it's a great show about vietnam Blown away Don was woken up sometime in the night when the space right behind his knees dipped down. He looked over his shoulder to see a terrified looking Jack. She pulled her knees up and tucked them under her chin, her arms wrapping around them. \"Jack, what's wrong?\" Don asked, concern lacing his voice as he propped himself up on one arm. \"There's a huge fucking spider on the bed.\" She whispered quietly. Don almost dropped himself back on his cot in surprise. She was petrified of a spider? \"Just kill it.\" He told her and he dropped back onto the cot. She shook her head. \"It's too fucking big.\" She said. \"It'll eat me alive.\" Don frowned. That sounded really odd coming from her until he remembered that the medicine she had to take for the infection could sometimes make reality seem exaggerated. He thought nothing of it and closed his eyes, falling back asleep quickly while Jack remained sitting on his bed. He didn't mind. In fact, he was glad to have her so close. \"Iche leibe dich.\" He whispered to her as he drifted to sleep. He heard her whisper it back. He was woken up a second time about an hour after he had fallen asleep. This time he felt a weight on his leg. He looked up to see Jack had fallen over asleep and her head landed on his thigh, near his knee. He smiled to himself and drifted back to sleep, enjoying having her so close again. Norman, Gordo and Boyd had woken up early and decided to go visit their friends before they started working on the tank. Boyd was also going to tell Don what needed to be fixed and what had to wait until Grady got there. They stopped talking when they saw Jack still asleep on Don's leg. Don was awake but he couldn't move and Jack wasn't awake yet. Now that she was sleeping better, it was a struggle to get her to wake up. Norman tried not to laugh, he really did. Grady was awake and sitting up. He grinned when they entered the tent. \"What we miss, man?\" Gordo asked quietly as they walked over. \"She woke up last night, saying there was a large spider on her bed.\" Don explained. \"You're fucking kidding.\" Boyd accused, not believing it. \"Bullshit.\" Don gave him a hard look. \"Do I look like I'm lying, Boyd?\" He asked, challenging him. Boyd snorted and shook his head. Their favorite medic, McMurphy entered with their food and his bag of medical equipment. He stopped and Don's bed, surprised. \"How'd she get there?\" He asked. Don repeated the story and he laughed. \"Ah. I see. Jack, get up.\" He said and shook her shoulder. She blinked awake, slightly confused and dazed. The medic laughed as she sat up. \"C'mon, get back on your own cot. I think he wants to sit up.\" McMurphy laughed. Alarm flashed across her face. \"Hell no!\" she explained loudly as she was tugged to her feet. She yanked her arm away and sat back on the cot. Boyd walked over and past Norman to her bed. \"There's huge ass spider on that thing.\" \"Where was it Jack?\" Boyd asked. \"It was right next to my fucking face!\" She yelled. It was fucking huge! I'm telling you, it's there.\" She insisted. \"Jack, it was probably just the medicine making you dream weird.\" McMurphy said as Boyd lifted the pillow and took it out of it's case. Don sat up and watched. The medic walked over to her cot and pulled back the sheets. On her cot was the biggest spider any of them had ever seen. Jack covered her mouth and screamed, standing on Don's cot. Even Collier was slightly alarmed by the spider and jolted, surprised by the thing. At the same time, the medic yelled, dropped the blanket and jumped back. Boyd and Norman swore, retreating to the other side of the room. Gordo actually walked over to look at it. It was fucking huge. \"Oh, shit, she wasn't dreaming.\" Norman pointed out. \"Jesus Christ, that thing was next to your head?\" Grady asked, able to see t form his cot. Jack was frozen, standing on Don's cot. It ran in their direction and jumped off the bed. Jack shrieked, covering her mouth again and even the men jumped away, shouting. Gordo stepped up and crushed the beast. \"Damn, that fucker was big.\" He said as he ground his foot into the dirt. They were all slightly stunned and Jack looked a bit pale. She plopped back down on the cot. \"I don't feel so good.\" She admitted, staring at the crushed spider. Don watched as a shiver ran down her back. \"Aw man, you can see it's guts!\" Norman said, stepping closer to look at it and Collier swore Jack went slightly green. \"You terrified of spiders?\" He asked, incredulously. She shrugged. \"You could say that.\" She said. \"I wonder how many more are hanging around here.\" McMurphy wondered aloud. Jack straightened up and turned to Don, alarmed. \"I'm gonna stay here for a while.\" She said quietly with wide eyes. Don chuckled and turned to Boyd. \"Bible, hand me that pillow.\" He said and Boyd tossed it to him. He stuck it behind him on top of his own and leaned back, now propped up so he wouldn't have to use his muscles to sit up. It still hurt like a bitch to sit up on his own. \"What makes you're safe over here?\" Don asked, nudging her with his foot. She crossed her legs like a pretzel and glared at him. \"You smell like shit. Hoping that'll keep them away.\" She bit at him. Don chuckled as he settled against the pillows. McMurphy made his rounds, feeding everyone and checking their injuries. Jack's leg was looking much better and he decided he should check her shoulder injuries just in case there was an issue there. She unbuttoned her shirt partially and stuck her arm through. Everything remained covered except for her shoulder and arm. She rested her jacket on Don's legs. The bullet wounds were not infected and were healing well. She hissed in pain when he applied antiseptic around the edges of the wound. He told her to suck it up. Sergeant Collier's wounds were healing well. They didn't have to go digging through him to pull out bullets and McMurphy decided to give him some medicine to prevent infection, not wanting to risk a repeat of what happened to Jack. She wasn't aware, but she was damn close to needing an amputation. McMurphy checked Grady's back and shoulder wound before giving him medicine, too. They did have to pull some metal fragments out of him but he still didn't get an infection. McMurphy had to hypothesize that Jack's already weakened immune system was even further weakened by stress from the event. Because of the number of times Sergeant Collier had been shot, he decided to keep him one more night at least. He kept Grady for another night as well. The metal that hit Grady was extremely close to the spine and wanted the muscles to heal before he went to work on the tank. Jack was going to be stuck there for at least another night as well and probably longer, he didn't trust her to keep out of trouble and did not want to risk the infection returning. McMurphy checked out Gordo's shoulder wounds and gave him some medicine in case as well. Anyone in their group who was shot got medicine to prevent infection. He was not risking it. The same thing went for Boyd. This medicine was different from what Jack had to take because she actually had the infection. She was staying another night to make sure the infection was gone and to give her leg a chance to heal before she got out in the mud. McMurphy felt like he was dealing with toddlers some days. \"Hey, Doc!\" Jack called as he began to leave. He turned to her. \"You got a book I can read?\" She asked. He smiled and told her he would look for something. \"So, what are you three going to be doing today?\" She asked, turning to the three men who weren't bed ridden with bullet holes. Jack thought it was so unfair Gordo could walk around and she couldn't. All because of a stupid infection. \"Just fixing up the tank.\" Norman answered. \"We have to take apart the stick at my seat, something got jammed and now it won't move.\" He explained. She scowled. \"The fuck you do to my stick, Norman?\" She teased accusingly. \"It ain't your seat no more, Jack!\" Grady yelled from across the room. She rolled her eyes and sighed. McMurphy returned with a book. \"Whatever you guys are going to do, do it fast. Looks like a nasty storm is rolling in.\" He told them, pointing to the window. \"I just hope it doesn't have heavy winds.\" He said quietly. \"This tent is not made for winds. It'll hold but some places are already at risk for tearing.\" He explained and handed Jack the book It was a copy of Frankenstien. Jack smiled. \"A creepy book for story weather. Thanks.\" She told him and smiled. He nodded and returned the smile before leaving to check on a few other patients in a separate section of the medical tent. Jack looked out the tent's small window and saw thick, almost black clouds rolling towards them. \"I think we're going to get hit pretty hard.\" She observed. \"We'll be in the tank for the most part so it shouldn't be an issue.\" Boyd told her. She looked to him with a firm look. \"Easy for you to say. We're stuck in a tent.\" She pointed out and motioned around her. Boyd laughed and set a hand on her head, messing up her already messy hair. She glared and swatted his hands away. The three left and soon after, the rain began to fall. Jack pulled her attention from the plastic window and opened her book. She had just finished the first page when Grady called out to her. \"Hey, Jack. Read it to us.\" He suggested. She looked at him with an odd expression. \"What am I, your mother? Reading you a bedtime story?\" Jack mocked and Grady chuckled. She heard Don laughing to himself quietly as well. She turned to him. \"Don't you encourage him.\" \"C'mon.\" Grady told her. \"It's too fucking quiet in here.\" He reasoned. \"Jack, read us the story.\" Collier ordered as he set his own book down and folded his hand together and stuck them behind his head, looking at her expectantly. She rolled her eyes. \"You two are fucking children, I swear.\" She mumbled. \"You guys make Boyd read you Bible verses?\" She asked, looking at Grady and Don. Don just stared at her until she gave in. \"Fine.\" She groaned and opened the book up again, starting over. \"I am by birth a Genevese…\" She began. Jack's voice was calm and smooth but full of life. She changed her tone according to the words and read the dialogue as if she was actually saying it to someone. Jack's reading was soothing and relaxing. As Don leaned back against the two pillows, He propped up one knee which Jack decided to lean against. Collier reached out a hand and began stroking her hair and running it through his fingers. It had grown a lot since he had met her. At first it had been shorter than Boyd's hair and very similar to his own. When people found out she was a woman, she let it grow out. It now reached her shoulders and had a natural curl to it. Collier found himself running his fingers through her hair often. Jack read for a few hours as the rain beat down on the tent and the wind began picking up. Sometimes she would stop and look out the window. Living in Pennsylvania, she was no stranger to storms. In fact, she loved storms. However, they were in a tent and they were not the only patients. The month she had to stay with them, McMurphy had used her as an emergency stand in for a nurse a few times. He took time to train her and she helped out with minor injuries. She could almost clear for a battle field nurse. What little experience she gained over the month had also given her a sense of responsibility to the patients, even if they weren't hers. The wind had gotten very strong and beat at the tent as the rain fell so hard she thought it would flood. She jolted when the was a loud boom. Jack couldn't tell if it was a bomb or a clap of thunder and neither could Grady or Collier. They paused and listened as it rolled. Just thunder. A large gust of wind rolled into the tent and they heard crashing and a loud noise from the other end of the tent. The flaps acting as doors flapped about violently and Jack bent the corner of the page before setting the book down and stood. \"I'll be right back.\" She said as she stood. The men she left sat up and watched and listned. People were shouting at each other over the wind and storm. Jack entered the surgery room, seeing it in complete chaos. One side of the room was will staked down. Another half was flapping around with the ropes and stakes still attached. Rain was pouring into the room, creating a mess and there was a patient on the table. Some of the surgery lights had been knocked over along with a few other pieces of equipment. McMurphy was bent over the patient, trying to stop some bleeding on the man's chest and the two medics assisting were trying to catch the flaps to restake them to the ground. Jack ran forward and them grab the wall that was flapping around. They restaked everything to the ground and one of the medics went to grab extra stakes and ropes to keep the wall down. They then went around the whole tent and checked the stakes and ropes. They replaced the ones that looked weak and added more stakes and ropes for reinforcement in other places. It only did so much. The skies had gotten even darker and it almost looked like night time by midday. The wind picked up and was able to move boxes and crates, especially if they were empty. When she got back in the medical tent, McMurphy had finished the surgery and met her with the other medics who were on hand at the moment. Jack sat on her own bed, not wanted to soak Don's. \"This storm's really bad. What are we gonna do if the whole tent comes up?\" One of the medics asked. McMurphy was the doctor in charge and it was his responsibility to handle this but he had no idea what to do. \"I don't know. I'm more concerned about something rolling through, like a crate.\" He said and thought for a second. He turned to Jack. \"How many tanks are at the base?\" He asked her suddenly. She blanked and looked to Sergeant Collier. He thought for a minute. \"If all of them are here, then six. I don't know how many are out though.\" He told them. \"What did you have in mind?\" He asked. \"I was thinking we have them move the tanks to this side,\" He held up a hand and indicated to the wall behind Collier, \"to help block the wind and anything else it blows our way.\" He suggested. A clap of thunder boomed suddenly overhead and Jack ducked to the ground instinctively. \"I ain't sure you gonna be able to move ours. She's still pretty fucked up.\" Grady said from across the room. \"They fixed it up enough to get it here though.\" Jack said standing. \"I can go get everyone to get the tanks to line up against the tent. How close do you want 'em?\" Jack asked. McMurphy eyed her. \"I'm not happy sending you out there. I don't need you getting sick. You're already soaking, do you have a dry jacket?\" He asked. \"Here, take mine.\" Collier said and he shrugged his off. Jack thanked him and dropped her soaked one on the bar at the end of her cot. She winced at the wounds on her side and shoulders. There was a large noise from another room in the tent and the doctor swore. \"Fuck! Jack, go get the tanks lined up,\" He told her. sHe nodded and turned to leave. McMurphy ordered one of the medics with him to go get any other medical staff awake and available for duty and to even grab any soldiers. They needed to keep the tent on the ground. Jack ran as fast as she could with the wound in her leg. The mud mad it difficult to stay standing and the rain made it challenging to see. She came across a group of three tanks and ran up to one and hit it, yelling. \"Hey! Hey, open up!\" She yelled. Somone popped a hatch. \"The hell's going on?\" A man yelled. Jack told him what was happening and what they needed to do. He nodded and began yelling orders to his men. \"Hey, how many more tanks are here besides these three?\" She called up. The man radioed around for a count off. They listened as each one sounded off, even Fury. She nodded in thanks. She was about to run off again but stopped, realizing something. \"Hey! Let me use your radio real quick!\" She called through the rain. The man agreed and she struggled to climb up. She grabbed the radio. \"Attention, all tanks in this base area. You guys need to get over to the medical tent. The wind is trying ot knock it over and it's throwing shit at it. I need you guys over and waiting at the tent now. I'll be there to line you guys up. This is Private Jack Edwards. Acknowledge that you have received this.\" She called through. \" Jack? What the hell you doin' on the radio?\" Boyd called through. \"Where you not just listening?\" She asked him. \" You on your way over here?\" He asked. \"Yeah. I'm just sending out this message and I'll be there. Get her fired up guys, I'll help you guys get her here.\" She said before getting off the radio. She turned to the man who ran the tank. \"Thanks. Get over there and make sure every available tank is there.\" He nodded and she got off the tank and ran through the base, passing moving tanks as she went. She jumped onto hers and climbed to the top, opening the hatch and sliding in. \"Nice of you to join us.\" Boyd told her as she slid down to meet them. \"they let you out in this mess?\" Gordo asked. \"Man, this must be serious.\" Jack was soaked to the bone again. \"How's she running.\" She asked as she made her way down to the driver seats. \"She runs fine, just steering is gonna be hard.\" Boyd answered. \"This stick won't budge.\" Norman told her, demonstrating. She nodded. \"Is that going to be an issue?\" She asked, unsure. She never got proper training. Gordo shook his head. \"Nah, man. We can get it there, just gonna be a bitch to steer. We can do it.\" Gordo told her. She turned to Norman. \"You able to drive it still?\" He nodded. \"Get up here and direct us, you gotta stay on the radio, people are already trying to get a hold of you.\" Boyd told her. She turned and made her way to the radio. People were already waiting to be lined up and they started moving. They rolled through the mud as quickly as possible and made it to the tent. There were six tanks. She sighed with relief, they lucked out. \"Guys, stay here. I have to go direct these guys.\" She said as she climbed out. They wished her luck and Boyd lit up a cigarete. She ran to the front and waved her arms, catching their attention. The top popped his hatch and she directed them where to go. The next one was a bit trickier. They did not account for the length of the canon. An idea popped to her head and she climbed up the tank. \"I need to borrow your radio again.\" She told the man who let her. She looked at the name of the tank behind her. \"Sidewinder, I need you guys to roll forward slowly and rotate your canon left. Make sure you don't hit us.\" \"Understood. Rolling forward, rotating canon left.\" He repeated and the canon rolled forward. The canon was turned and she instructed when to stop. The next one was not so easy. They didn't turn the canon enough and damn near hit the tank infront of them. In adition to that, they didn't stop when she told them to and nearly rear ended the tank. The fourth tank made the length long enough to block the side of the tent from the wind. \"Ok, tank five. Roll up here to the top of the tent and turn at an angle. You're flanking this end of the tent, copy?\" \"We copy, on our way.\" They responded and the fifth tank rolled forward. It was parked easily. \"Ok, Boyd, You guys are going to do the same thing on that end. Can you guys do that?\" She asked. \"We're gonna need someone telling us what to do. I gotta move the canon and Gordo and Norman can barely see out their windows.\" Boyd told her. \"Pop the hatch over the drivers?\" She suggested. There was a moment of silence and she could see them try to. \"Gordo's is jammed shut and we think something melted on Norman's.\" Boyd answered. \"Melted?\" She asked. \"Yeah, we don't know how. Thinking something caught fire from an explosive and kept burning.\" Boyd suggested. Jack told him she copied and thanked the man you lent her the radio. She climbed down and ran the line to her tank and climbed up. She stopped by Norman's hatch. She could see that Gordo's was jammed shut. Someone had welded a piece of metal onto Norman's, probably to keep it on the tank. The hinges looked ready to break again. They hadn't been using the drivers hatches to get in and out of the tank. She climbed up and slid in, shivering from being in the rain for so long. \"Fuck, McMurphy is gonna kill me if I get sick again.\" She said as she settled in. \"You really gotta work on not getting sick.\" Boyd said as he settled into his seat. \"How far do you want me to aim the canon?\" He asked. Jack lead them into the best spot, looking out the window. It looked almost like they were getting hit by a hurricane. There was debris flying around, pieces of metal and wood. \"I'm gonna go back inside before McMurphy comes after me.\" She told them and Boyd laughed at her, patting her on the arm as she opened the hatch. \"Stay warm, man!\" Gordo called as she climbed out and shut it. Jack climbed down and walked the length of the tank to go back inside, trying not to get knocked over by the strong wind. There were people running around and a few soldiers reinforcing the stakes and ropes holding the tent down. Someone called out to her and she turned to be met with a plank of wood in her face. It knocked her into the mud and she lay for a few seconds, trying to blink away the tears. Her hands shot up to her nose as she yelled out in pain, groaning loudly. \"Shit!\" She yelled as she removed her hands and saw blood. She sat up and someone ran over to help her up and lead her, swearing all the way, back into the tent. \"Son of a bitch, fuck.\" Her watered eyes blurred her vision. She hard Grady laughing and she saw McMurphy's form approaching her. The tearing in her eyes cleared a bit/ \"The fuck did you do?\" Grady yelled, still laughing. \"How the hell did you bust up your nose moving tanks?\" McMurphy asked as he looked at it and made sure it wasn't broken. \"Ow, ow, ow!\" She hissed and smacked away his hands. \"Is it broken?\" She asked and brought her hands back up, trying to wipe away the blood. It was sore and tender. McMurphy chuckled and assured her it was fine. After a while it started bruising, blooming across her face. She had quite a few on her neck and face. Jack was sitting back on the foot of Colier's bed wrapped in his blanket. She refused to use anything from her cot. She was still freaked out about the spider. Fortunately, Jack didn't get sick but she was cold and the rain soaked through Collier's coat. The line of tanks kept debris from taking out the tent and the wind wasn't able to hit it so hard. The rest of the day was uneventful and was spent fixing the tank, reading or sleeping. No more spiders appeared but Jack refused to get back on her own bed. Don didn't complain. Later in the evening, Sergeant Collier and Grady settled on for sleep and Jack sat at Don's feet, reading Frankenstein. The two men were asleep quickly and she envied the way they could fall asleep so fast. Jack didn't feel completely well again, but close enough that she felt she could be let out of the tent. However, if she was going to convince McMurphy of that she would need sleep. Jack closed the book and set it on Don's bed. She put her feet on the ground and leaned forward slightly, letting her hands rest on the edge of the cot. She sighed through her nose and looked over at Grady before looking at Don. The two men were calm and relaxed in their sleep and it made her happy. But a part of her felt it was her fault for them being there in the first place. If she had done something in the other tank, if she had better medical skills, if she…. Jack shook her head and pulled Daniel's dog tags out of her pocket. SHE looked at them, thinking back on their argument. sHe wished she could have made up before he died but had to let it go. She couldn't sit there and beat herself up over so much stuff. Her key priority right now was surviving and keeping her boys alive. Daniel stopped being a priority when they got split up, he was no longer her responsibility. She looked at her bed ad glared at it. She would have to go back to it. It was inappropriate for her to be sleeping in Don's bed again . She also didn't want to wake him. She sighed and stood. She grabbed the blanket from the other bed and shook it out, checking for more intruders. She checked her pillow and under the cot mattress. When she was satisfied, she set the blanket down and was about to climb in when she heard something weird. It sounded like a couple of planes, flying low. Jack figured it was wind or American planes and shrugged it off before an explosion shook the ground and roared outside the tent, waking up everyone on base. Don and Grady shot up, swearing and Jack stood still. The other men in the room woke suddenly as well and more bombs exploded outside. McMurphy came running in. \"Two German planes!\" He told them and went to each patient with two other medics, \"If you three are able, you need to help me. Get them on the ground and put the matress over them!\" He yelled and Jack went to help. Grady was up fairly quickly, as was Don. Once everyone was on the ground, they were instructed to assume the same position. The three got themselves on the ground but didn't use the matresses. \"Doc! We gotta go after this.\" Don called to McMurphy. \"WE gotta get with our boys and your gonna need the beds!\" He shouted over the bombs and sounds of the two Nazi planes. The doctor nodded. \"Do what you gotta, just don't take any risks and don't over exert your muscles. You could tear 'em and make 'em worse!\" He instructed and Don nodded. They sat in silence for a few beats as the bombing doctor and the medics got up and began putting people back on their beds. Jack ran out, followed by Grady and Collier. The three ran to their tank and climbed in, seeing Gordo, Boyd and Norman still covering themselves. \"The fuck is happening?\" Boyd yelled. Don told him and Bible swore. They left the top hatch open and Jack kept an eye out. It was dark and cloudy but there was no rain. Fires were burning in the base and smoke filled the air as men ran around, shouting. \"Did you boys get more ammo for any of the guns? We're gonna need them if they come back.\" Don asked. \"No, sir.\" Norman answered and Don swore. \"Norman, you and Jack –\" He started before Jack cut him off. \"DOWN! They're coming back!\" She yelled and grabbed the top hatch, closing it as they hear bullets bounce off the tank and the planes went over head. Jack swore as she lost her balance and fell over. Don began dishing out orders. Jack and Norman were to run across the base to the spots where ammo was stored and get ammo for the guns on top of the tank. He had to go over and meet with the officers for any plans of action. Gordo and Grady had to fire up the tank and start getting the guns to work and Boyd had to man the radio until Don got back. Boyd couldn't get anywhere fast because of his leg and had to stay in the tank. Jack and Nomran climbed out quickly after Don and began to run. Jack forced her leg to run as fast as she could. They made it halfway before she heard the planes heading back towards them. She grabbed Norman and they both hit the ground. Once they were passed over, she urged him up and they made it to the tent they needed. The two grabbed what they could and made their way back to the tank. They had to duck under the tank as the planes returned and they got in through the hatch at the bottom. As they were loading the guns, they got the radio call telling them to shoot down the planes. Grady and Boyd began to fire with the other tanks and larger ground gunners. One was shot down and the second got away. The group slowly got out of the tank and looked around. People were running around yelling and Jack caught McMurphy running past. He and a few others were pulling the injured inside. Don was walking towards them quickly and shouted. \"Hey! WE gotta help gather up the injured and get them into the medical tent!\" He yelled. \"Let's go!\" He ordered and they all ran about grabbing people. It was utter chaos and eventually Boyd and Jack were grabbed to act as nurses and medics. It was a long night. Jack was removing shrapnel from a man's arm when a soldier came into the tent. \"Hey! We're evacuating and relocating the base! We gotta get these people on as many trucks as we can!\" HE told them. \"The hell do you mean? There are still people needing attention!\" McMurphy argued. The man shrugged. \"They already began moving some of the tents. They are setting up the base a ways down the road for now. A tent will be ready by the time the first load of injured gets there. I'm just the messenger!\" The man told the doctor. He left and a large truck pulled up and they had to move the injured onto it. The ones they put on there first were those who had been bandaged and stitched up. \"Jack! I need you to go with them and make sure everyone is ok. I need to keep my medics here for the ones who haven't been treated yet.\" McMurphy told her. She tried to argue but eventual got on the back of the truck as well. Boyd had been assigned to the second truck that followed hers. They had no rest through the night Some men didn't make it to the new base and soon, trucks and tanks covered in injured men who had yet ot be treated rolled in. Boyd and Jack began pulling men off of Fury when it rolled in with the help of Grady and Norman. Don and Gordo had to go help set up some things throughout the base and Don had to get orders from the offiers there and help instruct everyone. Everyone kept working until sunrise. As the sun came up, things began to calm down significantly. Boyd and Jack were finally dismissed around noon. Jack was exhausted, not getting the chance to have nay sleep that night. At least the guys had gotten a few hours. The two wandered around the chaotic place, looking for their tank. Some people were sleeping but most were running around, trying to get reorganized. They met up with the rest of the group who were waiting for Don to get back form an officers meeting. The three men at the tank looked and Boyd and Jack with shock. They were covered in blood, Jack was limping, and both looked about ready to drop dead of exhaustion. Jack looked at Norman with alarm. The kid had blood on himself as well and had a tear in his jacket were the blood was. He gave her and assuring smile but she hobbled over to him and forced him to sit on a box. \"The fuck happened?\" She asked. \"Fucking plane came back before we could move out.\" Grady said. \"We the sum bitch but shot up the place pretty bad.\" Jack nodded and Norman took off his coat. To Jack's relief it was just a graze. She patched him up quickly as the five caught up and filled each other in on what was going on. Boyd began making coffee. Apparently, thy had to move the base as soon as possible to prevent the German's from finding their location and keep them from invading. The officers wanted to avoid being taken out by the German's. The place was a mess. Half up tents, people still running around trying to get organized, some people trying to get some rest, the ground was nothing but mud and others were putting up a long wire fence around the perimeter. The five sat on the tank or on crates, drinking coffee, waiting for Collier to get back. He finally did return, marching towards them quickly. They stood and waited for their orders. To their relief, they didn't have anything to do except fix the tank. Jack was going to climb in and get some sleep but Don stopped her. He pulled out the Frankenstein book from his pocket and handed t to her. He had grabbed it before they left the medical tent. That evening, as everyone was resting in the tank, Jack read aloud to them, her voice bringing relief to the weary men around her. Thanks for reveiwin guys, eep it up they make my day and let me know when I need to update. Love you guys, stay chill. This is just an easy chapter for you guys to recover from all the action and shooting.[Chapter 15] Thank you guys so much for the reviews, keep it coming! Also, I love hearing suggestions for the plot. I like knowing you guys are engaged and I will try to incorporate as much as I can in the story. Enjoy! Hell Hath None 15 The next week was fairly quiet and uneventful for Fury, giving Norman the chance to see how they interact when not too busy fighting Germans. They were actually very laid back, not getting into actual fights for the most part. Most of the time, Norman talked to Jack, them having to share a seat while fixing up the tank. Jack was odd. She was so different from the women back in America. While most were very proper and ladylike, Jack had to let go of that while in Germany. It was odd. What was even odder was seeing her in a dress with her hair and makeup done up. She was pretty. One day while Jack, Norman and Gordo were working on the jammed stick, Norman looked at her pictures on the wall. His eyes fell on the picture of her and her nephew. He was startled by how feminine she looked. Norman was shoved up against the wall as Jack took the seat. She had begun taking apart the stick and its gears. It was surrounded by a panel that Gordo was taking apart while under the tank. They had to take it out so they can get a look at the gears. Jack had a flashlight held in her mouth as she worked and Norman looked at her pictures. His attention fell to a newer one. In the picture, the men in his tank were sitting inside a tent that was made of a tarp and the tank. They were smoking, drinking and playing cards while snow fell around them. Norman smiled a bit. \"Hey, Jack?\" He asked. SHE grunted and looked over her shoulder at him. \"When was this?\" he asked and she could hear amusement in his voice. She leaned back and took the flashlight out of her mouth, smiling softly with a small smile. \"Christmas. They gave us Christmas Eve off and I decided we needed to decorate the tank.\" She told him. \"That was a fun day.\" She told him and Norman smiled at her. \"If we're still in Germany, you'll get to celebrate it with us this time.\" She teased, elbowing him as she leaned forward and stuck the flashlight back in her mouth. \"Maybe the war will be over by then.\" Boyd called from his seat. Grady snorted. \"Wouldn't that be a dream.\" Grady said as he was on his back, messing with some wiring. \"Maybe Hitler will drop dead, too!\" \"One can only hope!\" Jack called from her seat. She shifter her feet to one side as Gordo removed the panel. \"You see the jam yet?\" She asked as she handed the light to Norman. \"Nah, man. Must be some busted gears!\" He said and they began undoing some of the gears. Some wiring had been damaged and Jack reached down, not seeing them and shocked her hand. She swore loudly and jumped up, hitting her head. She sat back in her seat, holding her head swearing. \"The fuck you do now?\" Grady called. \"Fucking shocked my hand!\" She yelled. Gordo and Norman were laughing and she hit Norman. Don climbed into the tank with the tool box and began helping Boyd. Eventually Jack and Gordo got the stick unjammed and back together. Later that afternoon Jack was trying to fix the hatches. Something had hit Gordo's and put a dent in it. She decided to work on hers and Norman's first. Jack fixed the hinges before trying to find a way to unweld the hatch so it could open. The group worked on the tank for about a week. It was functioning well but still needed work. Unfortunately, they had an assignment. It was just an easy one. They and three other tanks had to get to the old base sight, clear it, make sure nothing got left behind, go get troops who were pinned down in a battle, and go help retake a town. It was already in the process of being taken, but the troops there needed help. It was going to be an easy day. Fury was ready to go in minutes. Jack had been getting fidgety just sitting around fixing the tank and she wasn't the only one. Norman was less enthusiastic about going, his first experience being that long day that ended in what could have been their last stand. \"Don't worry, we won't be alone this time.\" Jack assured him before struggling up the tank. \"I'm driving.\" She declared, excited to finally be back in her seat. Everyone climbed in and they were rolling out. Norman sat on the tank up top with Don, Grady and Boyd. Jack and Gordo drove, talking about how the summer might be. Jack was praying for less rain. The caravan got to the old base site and promptly left, not seeing anything of use. Picking up the pinned down soldiers was easy, and by the time they got to the down, most of the work had been done. The tanks rolled in and helped take out machine guns and Jack fired at the Nazi soldiers on the ground running. Before long, they parked in the square and climbed out, the town having been taken. They stretched their legs and joined in mingling with the other soldiers. Some were drinking, others were sitting in circles, getting some food, others were playing baseball. Jack was just wandering around, smoking and she bumped into Norman. Her and the kid had been talking a lot lately. sHe rather enjoyed his company. He had a bottle of something and handed it to her. She thanked him and began drinking form it. \"Do you love Sergeant Collier?\" Norman asked out of the blue. He couldn't hide a small smile when Jack spat out the drink and coughed, looking at him incredulously. \"I see the way you look at him. You guys are close. And I saw you kiss him.\" Jack stared at him for a few seconds before taking a large drink from the bottle. She sighed and nodded, looking slightly defeated. \"Yeah. Yeah I do.\" Norman nodded. \"Have you thought about what will happen after the war? What will you do when you go home?\" Norman asked, curious. She shook her head and pulled in a drag from her cigarette. \"I have no idea.\" She said exhaling. \"I don't have anywhere to go home to, either.\" She said with a snort. She shrugged before continuing. \"Besides, who says we're still getting out of this alive? War still here, Norman.\" She reminded him grimly. He looked at her and nodded. Their attention shifted to the tanks and men with radios. There was something come over the radios and the men gathered as close as they could to listen. She tossed her cigarette and elbowed Norman. \"Let's go see what the fuss is about.\" She suggested and the two began to walk over. A German tank fired from somewhere, unseen and hit the building behind them. Jack crouched down and pulled Norman with her before pulling them both up and pushed him to run. The building was coming down behind them as they ran. Men were running to their tanks or to something that would help shelter them. People were shouting and Jack saw Grady waving at them, urging them to hurry to the tank before he climbed in. The tank fired again and hit another building. Those Germans had bad aim. Some of the tanks were able to get moving quickly and began firing at it. Jack couldn't see the German tank and she didn't see the German soldiers come around the corner on the other end of the square, firing. When bullets began raingin down on them she dropped and heard someone behind her cry out. She turned to see Norman shouting and looking at his arm in horror. He had been shot in the upper arm and it didn't go through. Jack crawled over to him. \"Norman! Norman, you're ok!\" She shouted and put a hand over the wound and pressed down. He yelled in pain before swearing. \"Oh, shit! Oh shit! I got shot, oh shit! Fuck!\" He yelled, completely freaked out. \"What do I do?\" He yelled. \"Don't go into shock! Don't panic, you're going to be fine! Just stay down!\" She told him and the Americans and Germans fired at each other. Someone was able to take out the German tank and everyone focused on mowing down the German soldiers. Jack kept Norman on the ground and kept talking to him, making sure he was ok. He was still freaked out about getting shot, but he wasn't going into shock. They had to stay on the ground for a while until the Germans were taken out. Jack looked up once the shooting ceased and saw the guys climbing out of Fury and running towards them. She sat up and waved. Norman sat up too, looking at his arm. \"We're ok!\" She called. \"Grab a med kit, Norman got shot in the arm!\" She called. Gordo doubled back and retrieved on. \"fucking gave us a heart attack.\" Boyd told her and she laughed as Don helped her up. \"You guys scare too easily.\" She told them. \"Or you just have a tendency of getting injured.\" Don told her and she laughed, shoving him gently, careful of his wounds. \"I didn't get shot. Norman did. Thanks Gordo.\" She said as Gordo approached and handed her the kit. She turned to Norman. \"We can do this here or the tank. But that bullet is coming out.\" She told him. \"Oh, shit. It didn't go through?\" Grady asked, starting to laugh. Norman did not look happy about having a bullet taken out of grabbed his arm and he protested in pain. She turned it to try to look at it. She made him take off his jacket and she moved the fabric of his shirt out of the way. \"Shit. Yeah, you're gonna want to have Boyd dig this one out. It's in there good and I don't have a lot of experience in digging out deep ones.\" She said and passed the kit to Boyd. Norman was looking more scared by the second and she bumped his shoulder. \"Hey, realx. You're fine. It's just gonna hurt like a bitch.\" She teased. Gordo laughed. \"C'mon, man. He's scared enough as it is, ease up.\" Gordo laughed. \"Come on Norman, I'll get you patched up. Don't listen to them.\" Boyd said and began to usher Norman away. Gordo and Grady followed behind. \"Hey Norman, just don't move, he might catch something an make ya bleed out!\" Grady teased and Gordo shoved him laughing. Jack laughed from her spot. She and Don didn't follow. \"How you holdin' up?\" Don asked her, catching her attention. Jack looked at him with a smile and slight confusion. \"You're the one who almost died. I should be asking you that.\" She teased. Don smiled softly at her. \"I'm fine.\" She assured him. \"I heard about how you were.\" He told her, pinning her with a stern look. He put a firm hand on her shoulder. \"Don't blame yourself. You saved us. You have nothing ot be blamed for.\" He told her and she sighed, looking away. Jack felt him pull her into a one armed hug. She wrapped her arms around him chuckle deeply and press a kiss to her head. \"Let's go make sure they aren't scaring the kid too bad.\" He suggested and slowly released her. The two began walking back. \"So what was going on over the radio?\" She asked as they walked. \"Shit ton of German soldiers are surrendering.\" He told her. sHe almost stopped walking. \"You're shitting me.\" She accused. Don smiled. \"Nope. And there's plans of attacking Berlin in a few days.\" He told her as they got over to the tank. \"You think they'll send us?\" sHe asked and he shook his head before climbing up to the top of the tank. \"Nah. We're too far. It would be over by the time we got there.\" He told her. Jack was slightly relieved. That battle would have been a nightmare, and she wasn't sure if her boys were ready for that yet. \"Grady, toss me that tool box.\" He said to Grady. Boyd had gotten the bullet out of Norman's arm and was stitching him up. He would have to go see McMurphy when they got back. Jack was just glad it wasn't her this time, she had gotten tired of that damn tent. As they rolled in to camp and began finishing up fixing the tank, McMurphy was running over to them looking for Jack. She was sitting on top of the tank, helping Collier with the large gun. \"Jack! Jack!\" He called, stopping in front of the tank, bending over to catch his breath. \"What's wrong? What's going on?\" She asked, slightly worried. \"You grew up on a farm right? You handled horses? You good with them?\" He asked. Jack was confused nad her and Don shared a look. \"Yeah, I worked with horses for a while. Grady was a stable hand for a while. Why?\" She asked. McMurphy laughed a bit before answering, still out of breath. He rested his hands on his hips. \"Need your help. Grady too. We got a few horses in a make shift corral.\" He began to explain. \"The storm and the bombing last week spooked 'em. No one can ride them without getting thrown off. Was wondering if you and Grady could help break 'em in again.\" He explained with a smile. Jack looked a the man, slightly confused. \"Grady!\" She called. She could hear him respond from inside the tank. \"Grady get out here. We gotta go ride some horses.\" \"The fuck you talkin' about?\" He aksed as he came out of a hatch. She looked at him. \"We gotta go break some horses.\" She said with a challenging smile. \"You in?\" Grady swore before agreeing. Grady didn't enjoy being thrown from a horse but knew he could help. Jack on the other hand, used to help her father break in the new horses. Usually, they didn't buck or throw her off, but some of them did. It was a challenge, and she was always up for challenges. Boyd, who had also been on top of the tank, heard and turned to Sergeant collier. \"I say we take a break and watch. I wanna see this.\" He said. Don looked at him with an amused smile and agreed as Grady and Jack made their way down. The two followed McMurphy. Boyd leaned into the tank. \"Hey Gordo, Norman, we're gonna go watch Grady and Jack break in horses. Wanna come?\" He asked. Norman looked at him confused and shared a look with Gordod. Eventually, after it was explained, the two climbed out and the four men walked through the base. At the end of the day, people were paying up from betting and Jack and Grady were covered in bruises. The two horses were by far one of the most difficult they had ever had to deal with. One had kicked Jack in the chest and she lost her breath for a minute. At one point she and Grady tried to make a bet to see who could stay on the longest. Jack won on the first horse, but the second one threw her off into the crowd of soldiers who were watching. She stopped trying to ride that horse and Grady won. Grady had taken a hoof to the face. McMurphy had seen the beating and insisted he checked them for broken bones. Jack tried to protest and walk away but Don threw her over his shoulder and carried her like a sack of potatoes. She didn't bother struggling, she was beat. Jack got away with bruised ribs and a strained wrist and a large bruise on her back and limbs. Grady had a broken nose, fractured rib and more bruises than Jack. They both say on a cot next to Norman while McMurphy checked his cut and rewrapped it. He gave him some medicine to prevent infection. It's safe to say the two slept well that night. Over the next week, they fixed up the tank and took another town. When they heard that hitler was dead, there was a huge party at the base. People were drinking, singing, dancing, there were more people celebrating that on Christmas and almost everyone had some alcohol in them. Grady and Gordo were completely shit faced and Jack was on her way. Even Boyd and Norman had been drinking. They were buzzed but nothing too outrageous. Don drank form a bottle when it was passed to him, but he was pretty sober. Boyd and Norman watched happily from the tank as Don and Jack danced. Jack was laughing and they could see Don smiling at her. It was easy to see he wanted to kiss her. Norman had seen it since they got back. Sometimes the Sergeant had the chance to kiss the top of her head, but Norman could see he wanted to kiss her for real. It was a struggle Don had to deal with. While a war was going on, and as her commanding officer, it would be totally inappropriate. But there was nothing more that he wanted to do beside grab her, pull her close, and kiss her until the world ended. He kept himself from doing so. Those who did not have a hangover the next morning found joy from those who did. Jack had managed to get as piss-faced as Grady and Gordo and looked like shit when she woke up the next morning. She felt like it too. Gordo had vomited and Grady was still passed out well until late that morning. Jack kept her head in her hands as Boyd made her coffee. Norman laughed to himself as he read his book. \"DO you think it'll be over soon?\" Jack asked as Boyd handed her coffee. \"With Hitler dead, there isn't anyone else to really lead them.\" \"I sure hope so.\" Boyd told her as he sat back down. \"I'm sure we'll find out in the next few days.\" \"What are you going to do when we get back to America?\" Norman asked Boyd. Bible thought on it for a while. \"First thing I'm going to do is love my wife. She's been waiting at home for either me or a letter saying I'm dead for the past few years. After that? I'm going to have myself a decent cup of coffee.\" He said and Jack snorted in laughter. \"Come on now, Bible. It's not that bad.\" Collier said as he sipped from his cup. Bible shrugged. \"What about you Norman? What are you gonna do?\" Don asked. Norman shrugged. \"I haven't really thought about it. Probably visit my family, let them all know I'm still alive, go back to college.\" He said shrugging his shoulders. \"You, Gordo?\" \"Man, I'm gonna get me some real food.\" He said grimacing down to his breakfast. Jack and the rest of the crew laughed. They heard a groan from the tank and Grady climbed out, hungover and looking horrible. Jack laughed harder as he got on the ground. \"The fuck you laughing at?\" He asked he and she just laughed before sighing. \"Ah, Grady. What are you gonna do when you go home?\" She asked him. He smirked at her before answering. \"Gonna get me some nice American tail, that's what.\" He answered with a small laugh and Gordo snickered. Bible rolled his eyes and Norman snorted. Jack looked over and saw Collier smiling at his group. She elbowed his leg. \"What about you?\" She asked him softly. He sighed through his nose and looked at her. \"I don't know yet.\" He answered truthfully. She gave him a small smile and agreed, understanding. She had no clue what she would do. She didn't exactly have anywhere to go. Her house had been burned down and she had no family. Maybe she would stay with a friend for a while. For the next few days, everyone walked around, slightly stressed with anticipation. They all wanted that call so bad, they all wanted it to be over. But as the week went on, people began giving up hope. At the end of the week, people were given assignments. Fury didn't get their assignment until hallway through the next week. Sergeant Collier had been called to the officer's tent. Before he left, he told Jack to go get her burn checked at the medical tent, make sure it was bandaged up before they headed out, if they got a task. Jack walked through the camp to the medical tent, not looking forward to McMurphy's glare. Jack had burned her arm during an electrical fire inside the tank. She was helping Grady mess with the wiring and it sparked and caught her shirt on fire. Her jacket was off so it burned her shirt and her skin. Grady escaped unscathed, the lucky bastard. Sure enough, as she got to the ten, McMurphy gave her a disapproving stare and told her to sit. He left to go get something to clean the burn and Jack heard a commotion outside. SHE shrugged it off. Probably just people fighting again. Fights had broken out over the past week. Men had been frustrated and angry and picked fights. She had gotten involved in a few, losing her temper. Luckily, one of her crew members had pulled her away before she got hurt. The commotion continued and got louder as time went on and Jack wondered why McMurphy was taking so long. She sat and looked at the men on the cots. Some were missing limbs and some had gauze over their eyes or around their head. She had been lucky to be able to keep all of her body parts. McMurphy burst into the room and ran to her, a huge grin on his face. She looked at him and was about to ask what was going in when he pulled her up of the cot by the shoulders. \"It's over! Jack it's over! The Germans surrenedered!\" He yelled as medics burst into the room, telling each other and the wounded men what was going on. If Jack listened, she could hear the commotion outside was actually celebration. Jack's draw dropped open. It was over. McMurphy pulled her into a hug and laughed. He spun her around before dropping her. \"Go celebreate! I'll get you arm later, go!\" He ordered and shooed the shocked girl away. A huge grin burst across her face and she turned and ran from the tent, joining in the cheering. It was over, it was all over, they made it, they were going home. Jack shouted to her tankmates who were hugging and cheering. They turned to her and Grady picked her up an a huge hug, spinning her around as she screamed and laughed. Tears were forming in her eyes. Her and her boys were ok, they made it, they were going home. \"It's over! We're going home!\" She yelled as she hugged each one. She grabbed Norman and hugged him tight, jumping up and down. She grabbed his face. \"We got you through! You see? We're going home!\" She yelled and Norman laughed. Boyd had tears of joy running down his face and Jack hugged him again laughing. \"Oh my god we did it.\" He mumbled as he hugged her back. \"Oh, God.\" He breathed and stepped back. \"Where's Don?\" Jack asked, a huge smile still on her face. Boyd pointed and Jack saw Don running across base, waving at them and trying to call over the roar of the others celebrating. If possible, Jack's smile grew and she began to run to him, calling out his name. When she met him, Jack threw herself on him and wrapped her arms around his neck, just like when she had returned from being taken, and held him tight, sobbing from joy. He laughed and held her close before gently pulling her off and grabbing her face, tears of relief falling down it. Then he did what he had wanted to do for the last few months. Don kissed her. He kissed her hard and Jack closed her eyes and returned it. Men wolf whistled at them but they didn't notice. Her hands reached up and rested on his neck. One of Don's hands reached the back of her head and the other wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer and he leaned her back, deepening the kiss. Gordo, Coon-ass, Bible and Machine watched and cheered as Ghost and War Daddy finally kissed. They ran over once Don let Jack catch her breath and the two laughed before he kissed her again. Before the group could get over to them, Don spoke. \"Come home with me, Jack come home with me.\" He whispered quietly, grabbing her face gently again. She looked up at him, smiling. \"What?\" She asked, laughing slightly, giddy and breathless from the kiss. \"Come home with me.\" He breathed and Jack laughed before pulling him in for a kiss as men around them cheered and the boys from their tank came over and pat them on the shoulders, congratulating them on surviving and finally kissing. Don didn't let her go for the rest of the day and kept her close, taking every chance to say \"I love you.\" In her ear and she responded every chance she could. Jack woke, the sounds of the cheering of the soldiers from her dream still echoing in her ears. A dream. She told herself. Jack propped herself up on her elbow before lying back down and rolling over, away from the sunlight and into Don's chest, getting as close as she could to him, breathing in his scent. His arms pulled her closer to him and she fell back asleep. MY BABIES! If the ending is confusing, the next chapter will clear it. Up. Sorry it's so short. Love yall. 3 Let me now what you think.[Chapter 16] Hell Hath None 16- I'm coming home. Ok, so just a heads up, this chapter is going to be really fucking short because I am EXHAUSTED! I didn't get to sleep until 5:00 am this morning and some of it was because I was writing and most was from just not being able to sleep. Then I was up around ten so I can go meet up with friends about half an hour away by train. I missed my bus that would take me to the train so I had to stand there for half an hour. We walked around DC all day. Then, trying to get home, I took a bus and ended up at the FUCKING PENTAGON?! ARE YOU SHITTING ME?! I got home around 9:00. So yeah! I'm writing and I'm not sure how long it will be. Love you guys, please keep reading and reviewing I love you guys. Jack slowly began to drift off again, completely content in Sergeant Collier's arms. As his arms slowly wrapped tighter around her, bringing her closer to his bare chest, Jack frowned but kept her eyes closed. She was comfortable. That was the first clue that something was off. The ground was dry and soft and the blanket over her was thick and soft. Sunlight shone on the two and she didn't hear Grady and Gordo' snoring. Don's shirt was off. Jack opened her eyes, confused, and looked around. She was on a bed, in a room. There was a window, a window! She looked back to Collier and looked up to his face, his eyes closed and he was breathing softly. Where was she, again? Jack looked around again until Collier's tired voice spoke to her quietly. \"Stop.\" He said quietly. \"Go back to sleep.\" He told her. Jack's memory flashed back to her. She was in Don's bed, in Don's apartment in America . The war was over. But how did she get to Don's apartment? Jack closed her eyes and tried to remember. She remembered saying goodbye to Grady, Gordo, Boyd and Norman. Jack also remembered crying a lot. They all promised to call and write. Then Jack remembered arriving back in America. Don's sister was waiting for them. \"Don!\" A woman's voice called out. Don and Jack looked over to see a woman with a three year old boy on her hip. She was waving at them. \"Don, over here!\" She said through the crowd. The woman made her way to them and Don hugged her, kissing her on the cheek. \"Welcome home soldiers!\" She said, grinning brightly. \"Oh, you must be Jacqueline! It's so good to meet you!\" She said and pulled the woman into a one armed hug. \"I'm Don's sister, Betty.\" She introduced and stuck out her hand. Jack took it and shook it, giving her a bright smile. \"It's nice to meet you too! But you can call me Jack. I am more used to it than Jacqueline at this point.\" She told her with a smile. \"So, Don's sister? You must have plenty of embarrassing stories from when he was younger.\" Jack joked. Betty let out a loud laugh and Don put a heavy hand on Jack's shoulder. \"Oh, I like her, Don.\" She said. Betty then seemed to remember the child on her hip. \"How could I forget? Don, this is David. He's your nephew.\" She explained and Don smiled to him. \"I was wondering who this one was.\" He said and reached out. David shyly turned into his mother's neck, hiding and the three adults laughed. Jack felt a pang in her chest but pushed it away. \"Come, I have the car outside. You two must join us for dinner.\" Betty stated and turned to walk away. Jack looked up to Don with a knowing smile and Don sighed through his nose before leading her out, and arm around her shoulder. Betty's home was beautiful. It was a simple, one story white house with green accents. Her husband, Andrew, was away for business. \"Why don't you two get cleaned up while I get dinner ready. Jack, feel free to wear my clothes, you look about my size. Don, use our guest bathroom.\" She ordered him. Jack could see the resemblance in the way they held themselves and their tone best. Don laughed to himself before heading away to the guest bathroom. Betty grabbed Jack by the shoulders and lead her to her and her husband's room. \"Change of plans, I'm dressing you. Go shower, I'll get you clothes.\" She ordered and shoved poor Jack into the bathroom. Jack was startled and began to wonder if Betty was a woman to fear. Jack stripped down and jumped into the shower. She sighed at the warm water and scrubbed herself red. She shampooed her hair and enjoyed the smell and running water. She stayed in the shower as long as she could. Betty knocked on the door and urged her out. With a sigh, Jack turned off the water and stepped out. She dried herself off with a white, soft, fluffy towel. She looked at herself in the mirror. She was a bit thinner than the last she had seen herself. When was the last time she had seen herself in a mirror? A little more than a year ago. There were bags under her eyes and she poked at her wounds. Her brown hair was dark from the water and very curly, falling in damp ringlets. They would calm when properly brushed. Her hair hit just past her shoulders. She sighed and wrapped a towel around herself before stepping out. Betty smiled brightly and began handing her a dress and stockings and everything else she would need. HSe put everything on, including the shoes and stepped out. There was a full length mirror and she was startled at the sight. She was no longer Jack, she was not a boy. She was Jackie, She was a woman. Jack was now soft, feminine, pretty even. It was a side of her she hadn't seen in over a year. She was wear simple brown shoe that had a slight heel and a lovely, soft brown dress. IT was a casual day dress that ended just below her knee and the bottom held brown and white flowers. It was pretty. She didn't get a chance to look at herself long before Betty grabbed her by the shoulders gently and lead her to a seat in front of a vanity. Betty grabbed a towel and began drying Jack's hair quickly. \"So you are the women who posed as a boy and fought against the Nazis.\" Betty stated. \"I wasn't the only –\" Jack began to point out but Betty stopped her. \"You were the only one in a tank. Good for you. I think women should be able to fight, too.\" Betty confessed. Jack was surprised, not expecting someone who had never been to war to agree. It was nice. \"He wrote about you, you know.\" She told Jack as she began to curl Jack's hair after brushing it. Jack raised an eyebrow. \"He wrote about me?\" She asked quietly. \"What did he say?\" Betty laughed gently. \"Nothing bad, I promise.\" She said and spun Jack around in her seat and began putting makeup on her face. Betty put on mascara and a bright red lipstick. When Jack saw herself again, hair and makeup done, in a dress, as a woman, her jaw dropped open. She didn't recognize herself. Wearing a skirt and pantyhose was an odd feeling and she had to pace the room to get used to the heels again. Jack spun and let the skirt flare out a bit. It was an odd feeling, but it was nice. \"Come, Don is probably waiting.\" Betty said and grabbed her, beginning to pull Jack to the door. Jack stopped and gently grabbed Betty's hand. \"Betty, thank you so much. For everything.\" Jack said quietly and Betty beamed before kissing her on the cheek. \"It was my pleasure. I feel we are going to be great friends!\" She said as she dragged Jack out into the living room and then into the kitchen where Don was standing, waiting. Don was in his formal uniform and had shaved. Jack hadn't seen him so clean and cleanly shaven often and her heart began to thump loudly. It beat harder when her turned and saw her. He seemed surprised. Betty walked past her, giving her a knowing smile and went over the the crockpot that was on the counter. Jack felt herself blushing and opened her mouth to speak. Nothing came out and she laughed nervously as Don approached and took her hand, smiling and kissed it. \"Good evening, ma'am.\" He said quietly, looking down at her. She beemed and pat his check before gently smacking it. \"Just because I'm in a fucking dress doesn't mean I won't try to kick your ass.\" She told him sweetly. Don laughed and let his hands rest on her waist and pull her close. He kissed her and she laughed. When he stepped back Jack smiled at him and wiped her thumb against his lip, getting rid of the lipstick left behind. Sergeant Collier laughed quietly and took her hand. \"Let's get some dinner.\" The evening was nice, Jack remembered that. Betty had put David to bed while she showered. The three had a nice whine and a stew that had been cooking in the crock pot. It was the best thing Jack had ever eaten. It was a warm, home cooked, not canned meal. Jack enjoyed Betty and the two quickly bonded. Don had to sit back and wonder if introducing the two was wose on his behalf. But it was for the best. Being home again, Jack would need someone, a friend. Jack wasn't back home and she was in a completely new setting and all she had was him. Jack would need a female friend and he knew that. He was relieved Jack and Betty got on so well. Jack learned that while Don was in Germany, his sister and a few friends took care of his things. HE gave Betty his car, which was the one she picked them up in and he still had an apartment. The man who owned the building was a family friend and had kept his apartment for hi until he came home. The landlord had served in World War I and remembered how much of a challenge it was to get his own place. When he learned Don was leaving, he offered to keep it, free of charge. Don wouldn't have to pay for the years he was in Germany. The apartment was simple. Once you entered, there was a small hallway with a closet on one side and a little table on the other side. The hallway was short and lead into the kitchen area where there was a tall window with no curtains. Outside was a landing and a fire escape. Near the window was a table for two and the kitchen itself was small. To the right, was a living room. It held a couch, coffee table, chair and bookcase. If instead of going to the right, someone went to the left, there was another small hallway that had a bathroom and past that was the bedroom. In that bedroom, Jack and Don slept until late in the day. Jack had woken up but fell asleep while remembering where she was and how she got there. As she drifted off, she wondered how the others had settled in. She woke up again sometime in the afternoon and looked up at Don. He was awake and playing with her hair. \"Was wondering if you were waking up today.\" He said and she gave him a slight glare and rolled over. He laughed and pulled her close, pressing his face to her back. Jack had a shiver run down her spine and she squirmed, fighting back a smile. Don hummed against her before speaking again. \"Betty got groceries before we got here. What do you want to eat?\" He asked. Jack sighed and burred her face into the pillow. Don's hand lazily caressed her side and her shirt rode up slightly, letting him caress her skin. She hummed contentedly into the pillow. \"I'm not hungry. Let me sleep.\" She stated but her stomach spoke up, telling Collier she was lying. He laughed at her gently before placing a kiss on her back and getting up. Jack almost wished she wasn't wearing a shirt, almost wished he had kissed her skin. Jack sat up and followed him into the kitchen. He was already beginning to get breakfast ready. Jack looked at the clock on the wall. It was nearly three in the afternoon. She didn't argue. There was a pack of cigarettes on the table and she lit one. She was halfway done with it when Don came up behind her and handed her a mug of coffee. She kissed him on the cheek and took it. Before long the two were enjoying a nice breakfast at a table in a home that wasn't in ruins. Jack looked out the window and smiled. Don couldn't help but watch her. It was good to be home. So it's ll raibows and shunshine for now. But Life aint easy. And this story is so far from being over. Guys oh my god I got so much shit to write so sit down, buckle up and brace yourself.[Chapter 17] Jack and Don ate their food in a comfortable silence. Someone opened the window and let it the warm air in with the bustling noise of a thriving city. Jack's cigarette rested in the ash tray and she sipped her coffee. It was so good. \"Betty wants us over for dinner again.\" Don spoke slowly. \"Her husband is coming home today.\" There was something in Don's voice that caught her attention. \"And how do we feel about Betty's husband?\" She asked knowingly. Don sighed through his nose and Jack laughed. \"That good, hu? What did he do to earn your disapproval?\" She laughed. \"He's a nice man, sure, -\" \"But, it's your sister. And no one is good enough for your sister.\" Jack said knowingly with a soft smile. Don smiled and laughed quietly. \"Go get ready, they want us over there around four.\" He told her and stood, taking their dishes. Jack sat and finished her coffee while looking at the paper. She was not going to rush. \"Hey, how are your injuries doing?\" She asked, not looking from the paper. \"Fine. Yours?\" Don asked and Jack snorted, folding the paper and standing. \"Please, mine are almost healed.\" She said and put her mu in the sink. She turned to walk away but Don gently pulled her back. \"Hey,\" He said quietly and kissed her. She kissed him back and he could feel her smiling. He released her and Jack grinned at him. \"Iche liebe dich.\" Jack laughed and kissed him on the cheek before walking away. Jack opened the trunk of clothes betty had lent her until she could get her own. She had three dresses and two pairs of pants and three tops. Jack settled on a blue plaid dress and threw it on. She passed Don in the hallway and went into the bathroom to finish getting ready. Jack ended up waiting for Don in the kitchen, smoking another cigarette. Jack let her mind wander to the boys from her tank. She wondered what they were up to and how they were doing. She would have to write them later, maybe even call if she needed. It was a beautiful day out, she noticed. Her attention was pulled to Don as he walked in. He was in a simple, casual suit and he hadn't put his blazer on yet. He had on a white shirt and a light tie. He was tying it and caught her looking at him. He raised an eyebrow. \"What?\" He asked, smiling at her. She stood and tried not to laugh. \"It's just weird seeing you clean, and in a suit.\" She admitted and stubbed out her cigarette. \"Try being in my shoes. When I first met you, you were a boy. Now, you're in a dress, with make up on.\" He teased and Jack laughed. \"Let's go. Betty will be unhappy if we are too late.\" He told her. Jack laughed softly and followed him out of the apartment. They arrived at Betty's home to find it wasn't just dinner. Betty and her husband had decided to have a barbeque with neighbors and friends. Betty met them at the door in a soft, green dress and bright smile. She grabbed them and brought them out back. There was a patio and lawn furniture and a pool. The pool was a bright blue and clear but no one was in it. Betty's husband was working the grill and men and women stood or sat around, smoking, chatting, some had drinks (alcoholic and non). It was a pretty scene and Jack had missed it. But it was such a contrast of what she had seen for the past year and a half. Bright smiles, clean faces and laughter echoing around her, bright green grass, homes that haven't ever been touched by the threat of war. Betty dragged Jack over to a small group of women and Jack smiled when she saw Don with his nephew and a few other kids. Being in America again, Don had relaxed. He still was firm and strong, but was more apt to let his soft side through. Jack was introduced to Betty's friends, and they hit t off very well. They had all heard that she snuck into the army and congratulated her. Her friends in Pennsylvania were never supportive of her choice, called her crazy. But these women were so interested and thought she was amazing for such a feat. It was a small group of women, just Betty, Jack and three other women standing, drinking talking. Jack let her eyes wander around the lively backyard. IT was loud but not unpleasantly so. She smiled when she saw Don again. He was on the ground, on his side, playing with his nephew. Don's jacket was left inside. Jack looked around the backyard. She blinked and suddenly was thrown back to Germany. Everything was in rubble and soldiers ran past her, smoke filling the skies. The sun was covered by clouds and smoke and her boots were sinking into the mud a bit. Her ears were flooded by shouting and bombs destroying the rumble even more around her. She couldn't find here tank, she was alone. Where were her boys? Norman? Boyd? She couldn't find them, Grady and Gordo, gone. Don, where was Don? She didn't recognize anyone! Daniel. Daniel ran past her and bumped her shoulder. Jack looked around, trying to find her boys. She heard someone call her and bump her shoulder but it was muffled. She didn't give them any attention. Her gaze landed on Don. He was standing there, watching her, why wasn't he running? \"Jack.\" The person called her name again and she blinked away the war. She was back in Betty's backyard, Betty was calling her name. Don was standing up, looking at her, watching her. He looked concerned. Jack turned back to Betty, eyebrows raised. \"Hm? I'm sorry, I zoned out.\" Jack lied smoothly and offered a smile to the women around her. \"Really? It looked like you were enjoying a view of a certain young man.\" One of the ladies teased as her husband joined them. Jack laughed softly, trying to ward off the increasing noise of war that mixed with the laughter of the adults around her and playful screaming of children. She could hear gunfire and bombs. She was startled when someone popped open a bottle of Champaign. She could feel tension rising inside her. Her heart was starting to race but she kept a relaxed smile on her face. Betty linked her arm with Jack's and smiled at the shorter woman. \"Jack, come inside with me, I want to show you something!\" Betty said and dragged her away, blonde hair bouncing in a ponytail. Jack smiled falsely and let betty tug her inside. She kept up her fake smile until Betty pushed her onto the couch and took her glass and left to the kitchen. Jack was beyond confused. She sat there, waiting for Betty to come back and looked around. It was a lovely sitting room, potted plants in the corner, a television on a stand. Betty returned with a glass of wine and handed it to Jack and sat next to her on the couch. \"Figured you could use a break from so many people.\" She said and sipped from her own glass. Jack looked at her before taking a sip of her own drink. \"So where did you go?\" Betty asked, leaning back. \"What do you mean?\" Jack asked, looking at the woman. \"I know you did more than just zone out.\" Betty told her. \"What did you see?\" \"How did you know?\" Jack asked, worrying that she did or said something to indicate otherwise. Betty gave her a comforting smile and sat up again, resting a gentle hand on Jack's arm. \"our father was in the first war. As he got older, he would go into a daze. He said he was back in the war then. Mother said he did that often when he first came home.\" Betty explained. \"Don't worry, they should stop soon.\" Jack gave her a look of thanks and Betty smiled. The two women stood when Don entered the sitting area, looking calm but a hint of concern worked its way into his features. He saw Jack and approached her. \"Jack, you alright?\" he asked. Jack laughed to herself and assured him she was fine. \"Jack, I've seen you do that before and you weren't fine that time.\" He told her mentioning the flashback she had that would usually end in vomiting. She sighed at him and put her hands on her hips. \"Don, I'm fine. I just went back to German for a bit.\" She said and rested a hand on his cheek. \"I'm here now.\" She told him and stepped away, picking her glass up off the table. \"Let's go back outside before people start to worry. Jack, if you need to step back in, feel free.\" Betty told her. Jack thanked her and the three went back outside. The rest of the evening went well and everyone began to leave when it got dark. Jack didn't have another flash bac for the rest of the night. When they got back to Don's place, Jack sat on the bed and took off her shoes as Don hung up his blazer. Jack let herself fall back onto the bed. She heard Don laughing quietly. \"Tired?\" He asked and Jack snorted. \"No, your bed is comfortable.\" She told him. \"I'm glad you like it.\" He said and she heard him grunt. Even though his chest and shoulder wounds were healing well, they were still sore and painful. Jack rolled her eyes and stood up, padding her way over to him. She was helping this time, and he wasn't going to stop her. Don saw her look of determination and stilled. He smiled at her fondly as she helped him take off his dress shirt. Jack grabbed a bit of the white undershirt he wore and gently pulled up, untucking it. Jack grabbed the hem and slowly raised it up. Don felt her nails gently graze his skin and shivered slightly at her touch. Jack seemed oblivious to the effect she was having on him. She helped him get the shirt off and her eyes focused on the wounds that were scattered around his shoulders and chest. Her hands gently traced around them and Don let his hands rest on her hips. He gently pulled her closer and kissed her softly. \"I love you.\" He breathed into the kiss. Jack kissed him back tenderly and her hands traveled up his shoulders and around his neck. His mouth left hers and trailed down her neck, leaving her breathless. She giggled uncontrollably when he lifted her up off the ground. He laughed when he dropped them both on the bed. Don found he loved her laugh, loved her smile, listening to her heartbeat. Clothes were thrown and kisses were exchanged. Hands were wandering and mapping, voices whispering \"I love you.\" They found joy in each other's company and peace in each other's arms. They found sleep listening to each other's heartbeats, no longer muffled by clothing. Outside the busy cited quieted as night continued on and the two rested and slept, safe. They were safe at last. Jack woke in the night, screaming and sobbing in fear. She woke kicking and struggling as she sat up. Collier was startled awake and immediately grabbed her and pulled her bare back to his chest. Her light purple slip left her back exposed and he didn't bother to put on a shirt before they fell asleep. He kept her from running or falling out of the bed and held onto her as she screamed in fear. When she stopped screaming, she was sobbing loudly into her hands and Don could hear her panicking. \"Jack, Jack, breathe.\" He told her as he held onto her. He stroked her hair slowly as she tried to calm down. \"You gotta breathe, baby.\" He told her quietly. As he felt her calm down, Don slowly released her. She sat up fully and swung her legs to the floor. Jack held her face in her hands and leaned forward. She cried softly and Don scoot closer to her and sat up behind her, kissing her shoulder and rubbing her arm. \"It's ok, Jack. We're home.\" He told her. She sniffed and looked up, breathing in. \"I know, I know.\" She assured him and rubbed her hands on her knees. \"God, I know.\" She whispered tiredly. \"I saw all of you dying around me. I heard the bombs outside the tank. I saw the blood, oh god, I saw the blood.\" She said quietly. Don stayed still and rubbed her arm. \"We're all ok. You got us out of there.\" He told her patiently. \"we're ok.\" Jack nodded and he began to pull her back into the bed and she let him. She rolled over to face him and rested her head on his chest, listening to his heart. He rubbed her arm softly and breathed in deeply. Jack was soothed back to sleep and didn't wake again until the sun was up. Jack opened her eyes slowly and reached out to Don, finding him gone. She frowned and sat up, looking around. Don walked in with a tray then and set it on her lap. She looked up at him confused as he climbed back onto the bed and lay on his side, propped up on one arm. \"Figured you could use breakfast in bed.\" He said and rubbed her arm. \"Good morning by the way.\" He offered. She smiled at him tiredly. \"Good morning.\" She said and picked up some toast. Don was still shirtless but he had put trousers on. \"sorry about last night.\" She offered, looking down at the tray. He kissed her arm. \"Don't worry about it.\" He said as he reached past her and took a piece of toast. She playfully smacked his hand and he grinned at her before taking a bit. \"Hey, I made this.\" \"I thought it was for me.\" She teased and matched his grin. He looked at her long and hard and sighed through his nose. \"What?\" Jack asked accusingly as he stared at her. \"You look beautiful.\" He told her quietly and she snorted before drinking some coffee. \"No. I look like shit.\" HSe took another sip. \"What time is it?\" She asked. Don pointed to a clock on the nightstand before answering. \"About ten. We don't have anything to do today. I don't start work again for a few more days.\" He told her and ate some toast. Jack had forgotten about that. Now that they were back, Don had to go find a job. \"I'm thinking I find a job at a library.\" She suggested. Don looked at her, listening. \"Need something to do while you're off to work.\" Don nodded. \"That's up to you.\" He told her. \"I think it'll be good for you too, maybe make a few friends here.\" She hummed and nodded. \"I wonder what the rest of them are doing.\" Jack wondered aloud. \"Well, Gordo and Grady talked about a repair shop. Gordo's family owns one. They were thinking of working there.\" Don said and finished his toast. Jack snorted. \"No car will ever work right again if they fix it!\" She laughed. \"They did oh so well with the tank!\" She laughed and Don chuckled. \"It ran.\" He tried to defend and Jack laughed harder. \"Norman's going back to University most likely. Bible's going back to his office job. It's not the same job, but his boss wanted him back. I think they put him in a higher spot.\" Don told her. She smiled, happy for Boyd. She had worried what they were going to do after the war. No doubt they had been replaced while gone. \"I miss them.\" She said honestly. Don looked at her softly and nodded. It felt odd being so far away from his men. He had spent four years keeping them alive, they were under his charge. Now they were scattered. \"Maybe we will meet up again soon.\" He offered and Jack smiled at him softly before kissing him. That day, the two decided to walk around the city. They bumped into a few of Don's old friends, one of which was a police officer. His name was Ryan. He was easy going and friendly. That week, Don went back to work and Jack found a part time job at a library. There she found she shared a shift with Hellen, one of Betty's friends. Hellen was engaged and had curly red hair. Hellen and Jack became quick friends and often had lunch together. The two soldiers fell into a routine and May flew by. Jack woke up from nightmares a few times each week. Each time Don would wake up and help her calm down. Sometimes she would fall back asleep and other times Don would wake to find her sitting in the open kitchen window in her uniform, smoking a cigarette while half of her was out on the landing and the other half rested in the window. The nightmares began taking a toll on her in June. Having a job and growing social group was helping her adjust to civilian life and helped ease off some stress, but the nightmares kept her from sleeping well. Her appetite slowly disappeared and she began to lose weight. Her smile became rarer and Don missed her laughter. At a party mid-June at Betty's house, Betty pulled Don aside. \"Don, she looks exhausted!\" Betty hissed at her brother. \"I know.\" Don told her. Don was at a loss at what to do. Don told her what was going on and Betty had no ideas on how to help. The Collier siblings were stuck. Don did notice that she smiled more on the days they got letters. The boys would write to them often and they would always reply quickly. Even McMurphy would write to them and make sure they were keeping their wounds cleaned. A few days after Betty pulled Don aside, Norman called. Jack was cleaning the dishes from dinner and picked up the phone. \"Collier residence.\" She answered. \"Norman?\" She asked and Don turned to look at her, eyebrows raised. \"Norman! How are you? We're good! What have you been up to?\" Don listened to the one-sided conversation. \"University here? Oh, Norman, that's great! Congratulations!\" Jack held the phone away from her and turned to Don. \"He got accepted to the University here. He's coming down this weekend to visit the campus.\" She told Don. \"He can stay here while he visits.\" Don told her. \"Tell him he's staying here.\" He said and pointed at the phone. Jack laughed. She could hear Norman trying to protests and handed the phone off to Don. \"Norman!\" Don said into the phone. \"Come on over after you visit the campus. Yes, I'm sure. We got a couch for you to sleep on.\" There was a pause as Norman spoke. \"No it's no trouble. We'll show you the city. Alright see you then.\" Don said and handed the phone back to Jack who hung it back on its stand. \"why does he listen to you better?\" She asked him teasingly and Don snorted. \"That will be nice seeing him again. He's a good kid.\" She added. \"You're only a few years older than him.\" Don pointed out and Jack laughed, coming up behind him. She rested her hands on his shoulders and kissed his cheek. She began to rub and massage his shoulders, still making sure not to hit his injuries. \"We should introduce him to Betty.\" She suggested. Don hummed. \"He'll probably be too shy to say much, though.\" She laughed. Don smiled. The next day he came home to dinner on the table waiting for him. It was odd but not surprising. He usually got home before Jack and made dinner. The days she had off, she would make him dinner but lately she had slept through the days or fell asleep on the couch. The nightmares had made her exhausted and the stress made her shut down some days. But today she was up, made dinner and baking. Don walked in and laughed, startling her. Jack had a yellow dress on and her hair back in a white headband. She had on a polka dot apron. Don remembered she had refused to wear one in Germany. She turned and glared at him. \"You scared me!\" She accused and he came over and kissed her. \"You're baking a cake?\" He asked and stuck his finger out to taste the icing she was spreading over the cake. She grabbed his hand and they struggled over the icing and her laugh filled the room. \"I take it you are feeling better?\" He asked. She smiled at him and nodded. \"I'm getting there.\" She admitted and Don could still hear the exhaustion in her voice. He kissed her head and rubbed her back. \"You take all the time you need.\" He said and sat down to eat. He paused and smiled when he heard her humming. Then an idea popped into his head. Knowing Norman was visiting, her mood improved. \"DO you have work the week of July 4th?\" He asked her. \"No. The library is closed most of the week. Why?\" She asked, still icing the cake. \"I'm thinking of taking off.\" He lied. Don would need to speak to Betty when Norman visited if it was going to go well. The day finally came for Norman to visit. Jack had to be at work for the morning, covering for Hellen. Norman visited the campus in the morning and Don picked him up from the University and took him to the library so they could pick up Jack. \"So how did you like it?\" He asked Norman as they waited. Norman nodded. \"I like it. My mother wants me to stay home for a while before I get back to school.\" He told Don. \"So she isn't thrilled about me coming to Washington D.C.\" Don nodded. \"Well, you're a man now, Norman. She has to let go.\" Don said and Norman nodded in agreement. \"Only problem is, since I'm away from home, the university wants a guardian signature. They don't wanna be responsible for me. Says I'm a liability.\" He said. Don looked at him. \"She won't sign it?\" He guessed and Norman shook his head. \"You old man?\" \"They need two signatures. Besides, my mother won't let him sign it.\" He sighed and leaned back. \"Jack and I'll sign it. We'll be stand in guardians. We'll vouch for you.\" He said and rested a hand on the boys shoulder. Norman smiled at him in thanks. \"Just don't fuck up.\" Norman laughed, it was something Jack had told him on his first day with them. Don pointed. \"Here she comes.\" Norman looked to the woman walking out in a light blue dress with white shoes and a white hand bag. \"Norman!\" She called and began to job over to them. The shoes kept her from running. The two men got out of the car and Jack hugged the boy tightly. \"Oh, Norman! We've missed you so much! How are you? How have you been? Did you like the school?\" She fired off questions and the two men laughed. \"Jack, Jack breathe. You're going to run out of hair.\" Don teased. Jack actually had to suck in some air and Norman laughed. \"Come on. We can talk more over lunch.\" He said. Jack shoved Norman in back and sat up front. They had all sat at a table in restaurant and began to catch up. Norman was relieved to see these two doing so well, but he did notice that Jack looked tired. He guessed it was the same reason he had bags under his own eyes. \"So are you going to move in the fall?\" She asked and smoked a cigarette. Norman nodded. \"What classes do you want to take?\" \"I still have to finish up some basics. English, math, some sciences, before I look into other classes.\" He told her. Jack nodded. \"Norman can't go this school until someone can sign off. They don't want to be responsible for him. Kind of like an emergency contact since he would be moving here.\" Don mentioned, filling Jack in. She frowned. \"what about his parents? Won't they sign off saying he is responsible?\" She asked confused. \"His mother won't and they need two signatures.\" Norman told her. She looked at him hard. \"You got the papers?\" She asked firmly and startled Norman. He slowly took them out of his pocket. Jack snatched them and took a pen out of her purse and looked over them. She never signed anything without reading them first. She signed where it was need and handed them to Don and stared at him, holding the pen out to him. He laughed and took the pen and signed. She turned to Norman. \"We are signing these. We will be responsible for your ass since your parents won't. I want you to be able to go to school here if you wanted. How can she send you to Germany but not let you go to D.C.?\" She asked, outraged. Norman laughed nervously. \"I sort of went without their permission. Army didn't ask for parental signatures.\" Norman admitted. Don and Jack looked at him. Don looked amused and Jack just stared at him before laughing. \"Oh my god.\" She snorted. \"You ran away.\" She laughed. \"Oh, God I am so sorry.\" She laughed. Don chuckled. \"Great choices Norman.\" He jested as he finished signing the papers and handed them back. \"Thank you both. This means a lot.\" He admitted. Jack quieted her laughter and looked at the kid. \"Hey, it's our pleasure. You had our backs in Germany. We take care of our own.\" She said softly and rested a hand on his arm. He smiled and she took a sip of her water. \"Just don't fuck up.\" She told him and Norman laughed. \"I have to admit, it's weird seeing you guys in America.\" Norman pointed out. Jack sighed. She knew what he meant and Don chuckled. \"Especially you Jack. You're in a dress!\" He pointed out and she glared at him. \"Just because I'm in a dress doesn't mean I won't fucking kick your ass.\" She said threateningly. Norman laughed, relieved to see she hasn't really changed much. After lunch, the two took Norman over to Betty's. She had so much fun embarrassing the kid. Norman was surprised to learn Don had a sister. They stayed for dinner and Don got a chance to talk to Betty away from the other two. However, Norman did walk in and hear something about a Lake House. The three made it back to Don's apartment late at night. Jack jumped in the shower and Don helped Norman settle in on the couch. \"Norman. What are you doing the week of July 4th?\" He asked. Norman looked at him and shrugged. \"Nothing that I know of. My parents usually travel out to see family. I kinda stay home.\" He said. Don smiled a bit. \"I'll have Boyd pick you up. I'm inviting everyone to a large lake house for the week. It's our family's summer home but it hasn't been used in while. It'll fit everyone.\" Don explained and Norman smiled. \"Just don't tell Jack. It's a surprise.\" He said and Norman nodded and smiled. \"What are you two whispering about?\" Jack asked as she walked into the room in her pajamas. They were dark green pants and a matching button up shirt. Norman smiled at her. \"Nothing. Just talking.\" Norman said. Jack didn't look like she believed him but shrugged. \"Good night Norman.\" She said and walked away. \"Let us know if you need anything.\" Don said before heading off this his room and letting Norman sleep. Norman settled in and relaxed. Don got into his own pajamas and climbed in next to Jack. He held her close and the three slept peacefully. Jack was up early and the two men woke to her making breakfast. The three ate and talked and soon enough, it was time for Norman to leave. Don and Jack drove him to the station and watched him board the train. Jack and Don waved to him and he hung out of the window and waved back. Jack already missed the kid. Don lead her away, arm around her shoulder. They stopped for dinner and made their way home. They settled in for the night and slept peacefully. Jack was oblivious to what was coming one the week of July 4th. The fourth of July would set in motion events that would change Jack and Don forever. I can't wait to right that shit.[Chapter 18] Hell Hath None 18 boys are back and looking for trouble Jfc-18 chapters? Damn guys. Well just a heads up, I'm stil writing lol. Sorry I had to take a break for a bit so I am sorry if this chapter is late. Also, I am unsure of how well I wrote the previous one. I find it challenging to write romance/fluff or any type of healthy relationship. So if you guys want to see something or I am writing something wrong, let me know thank you guys so much. I really write this based off of how you guys react so I play off the feedback. Anythign you have to say is a huuuuuge help. Jack felt like she was getting better slowly. Don would wake from nightmares every now and then, but never how Jack had. However, Jack had stopped waking up screaming and panicking so often. She hardly woke like that but would wake up startled. Most nights Don's didn't wake up from it, much to her relief. She hated waking him up. Jack had also been having a few flashbacks every now and then. Very rarely were they at work. Sometimes when she was walking around the city, she would be thrown back to a war torn Germany for a few seconds. They would throw her off track but could usually snap out of it quick enough. The flashbacks were worse than the nightmares. She would feel like she was actually still in Germany and drove her up a wall. It was frustrating not being able to determine what is real and what isn't. Jack wondered if she was losing her mind. Even though she was feeling physically better and sleeping better and eating more, the flashbacks terrified her. If she had one that was particularly trying, she would stew over it for at least a day. Jack tried to hide as many as she could from Don. Every now and then she would have one around him and he would bring her back, but she felt so ashamed. He went through worse for longer and he's fine right? shouldn't she be fine? Why couldn't she get her head on right? It was driving her crazy some days. June came to an end and the Sunday before the first week of July, Don got a phone call from his sister. Don decided to go to bed early that night, to Jack's confusion. She settled into her green pajamas and climbed in after she had a few glasses of wine. She was out quickly. Don woke around three to put his plan into action. He grabbed two trunks and began packing. He pulled a small bag out from under the bed. Betty had picked up a few things, such as a bathing suite for Jack, and packed them. HE went and put them in his car. Then he came bac for Jack. He thanked God that she was such a heavy sleeper know and wrapped her in a small blanket form the couch and set her in the car. They drove for a while and Jack was asleep for the whole ride. They ended up at a large cabin in Tennessee. It was secluded in woods and rested in a large picturesque field. In back of the cabin, a good distance away, there was a large lake and a dock with a small boat. It looked like something out of a movie. Boyd had arrived the night before with his wife and Norman. Gordo and Grady arrived that morning. Business had been good at the car repair shop and had managed to get the week off. They all sat at the large table. Boyd had stopped to pick up some food. They were all enjoying a nice breakfast and Grady was even behaving. Norman noted they he could actually be civilized. He looked so different when he wasn't covered in blood and gore and mud. He actually looked like a respectable man. Blue collar yes, but still respectable. He was cleanly shaved and not covered in mud. Gordo was cleaned up too and they both wore clean clothes. Boyd looked different in civilian clothes as well and Norman liked his wife. She was sweet and kind. Boyd congratulated Norman on going to university in Washington D.C. The morning was quiet and peaceful and so was breakfast. It was quiet, at least, until Don and Jack arrived. All chatter stopped when they heard a car pull up and a car door close. \"Is that Sergeant Collier?\" Norman asked. \"Man, how would we know?\" Gordo told him and elbowed the kid. \"Don Collier, put me down, this instant!\" They heard a woman call out. It almost sounded like Jack. \"No way that's Jack. Sounds to nice to be her.\" Grady said and stood. The rest of the men stood and Began to move to the front, confused and eager to see who Don had brought. \"God Damnit Don! I swear to God if you don't fucking put me down, I'll fucking kick your ass!\" Jack yelled and Norman laughed. \"Nope, it's Jack.\" Boyd said, recognizing the swearing and the men returned to the table as the front screen door opened and closed. \"Jack, knock it off.\" They heard Don tell her and heard his heavy footsteps down the hall. \"I'll fucking stop when you put me the fuck down! Where the fuck are we?\" She yelled and the men laughed as Don walked in with a struggling Jack over his shoulders. Norman tried so hard not to laugh at Jack, he really did. Don nodded in greeting to everyone before setting her down and had to dodge her hand as she tried to smack him. He smiled at her and spun her around to see her boys. She froze. Jack had to blink at what she was seeing and put her hands up to cover her mouth in surprise. Gordo and Grady stood and made their way to her. Grady picked her up and spun her in a circle. She laughed as he spoke. \"Ah, missed your crazy ass.\" He told her. Jack grabbed Gordo into a hug. \"Good to see you, man! How you been?\" He asked and they took a few minutes to catch up. Don took this time to go bring in their trunks and put them in their room. Don returned to see Jack sitting at the table talking to everyone. Someone had gotten her a mug of coffee. Don took a seat next to her and she slid her mug over to him. He kissed her on the cheek and relaxed into his seat. \"So we're in Tennesse?\" Jack asked him and he nodded. \"Don suggested we all visit for the week, for the holiday.\" Boyd told her. \"We all jumped at the chance to get everyone back together.\" Boyd had sat back in his seat and had his arm around his lovely wife. Her name was Dolores. She had beautiful blond hair and bright green eyes. She was calm and quiet and she had a gentle, calm air around her. Jack liked her, she seemed to have a good head on her shoulders. Dolores stood and took everyone's dishes to the kitchen before coming back with food for Don and Jack. Jack learned she was a waitress. \"So Norman, when are you moving in?\" Jack asked the boy. Norman gave her a small smile and he sighed. \"Oh, shit. What's wrong.\" Norman laughed. \"My parents want to meet the people who signed those forms, make sure you're real.\" He said quietly with a smile. Jack grimaced and rested her head in her arms on the table. Don looked at her and started to laugh. \"God, I hate parents.\" She mumbled to herself. \"Don't worry. My sister is coming too. She usually keeps my mother in line.\" Norman assured. Jack looked up at him. \"Since when do you have a sister?\" She asked. \"You got a picture?\" Boyd asked. Norman nodded and pulled out his wallet. In it was a picture of him, his parents and his sister. Jack got the picture and shared it with Don. She could tell from the picture his mother was unpleasant. Couldn't even be bothered to smile. His sister had a bright smile and dark brown hair pulled back into a ponytail. She was pretty. Grady and Gordo saw the picture. Gordo whistled. \"Damn Norman. Who knew your ugly ass had such a good lookin' sister!\" Grady said out loud. Boyd and Don snorted and Jack glared at grady. \"Behave yourself!\" She hissed. \"We have a lady here!\" She said pointing to Dolores who laughed at Jack. Norman smiled, irritated and took the picture back. \"Ignore them Norman.\" The group sat and caught up for most of the day, cracking jokes and joking around. Jack stayed in her pajamas for most of the day. She did go get dressed when they all decided to go out to dinner. Don took this chance to pull Boyd aside. They spoke in quiet, away from everyone else. Don needed a favor and Boyd was more than thrilled to take care of it. Jack came out in a light green dress with floral prints on it and her hair was curled. She and Dolores were very pretty and Grady and Gordo were surprised with how well Jack cleaned up. And once they were in public, she hardly swore and acted like a lady. IT took the guys a bit to get used to it. Don and Norman were used to it and Boyd wasn't too surprised, but Gordo and Grady weren't used to not having her swear or yell or throw things at them. The evening was nice and they returned to the cabin late at night. The sky was filled with stars and Jack took a few minutes to enjoy them. It was difficult to see them in the city and she had missed looking at them. Norman joined her for a few seconds before suggesting they all sit out back for a while. There were lawn chairs and a fire pit. Gordo started a fire and Grady and Boyd brought out some beer and a bottle of liquor. Dolores didn't drink but didn't mind that the others did. The boys passed the bottle of liquor around and Jack took a few sips. Don and Boyd just had a beer and passed on the hard shit. \"So Boyd tells me you sing, Jack.\" Dolores said and Jack nearly spat out the liquor she just drank She stared at the other woman in fear and took another sip. \"Bible is lying.\" She said and glared at Boyd. Dolores laughed. \"C'mon Jack. Just sing. You sang for us in Germany!\" Grady argued. Jack glared at him. \"I will fucking shoot you.\" She threatened quietly and Grady pushed the bottle back in her hands. \"Better start drinkin' 'cause you're fucking singing.\" He laughed and Jack took a long drink. By the end of the night, they did coax her into singing again. It was a good evening and Jack found a sense of peace to learn her boys were doing ok. She fell asleep easily in Don's arms. She woke early, a nightmare startling her awake. Jack tried to go back to sleep, she did, but she ended up sitting at the edge of the bed, trying to blink away her tiredness. Around five thirty, she left the room. She was back in her green pajamas and began to brew coffee. She figured she would take the chance to make everyone breakfast. She grabbed eggs and began cooking them. She even brought out some sausage and bacon. She lit a cigarette and smoked it. Don came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. He pressed a kiss to her temple and hummed tiredly. She smiled and cooked and smoked. He stood behind her and rested his head between her neck and shoulder. \"It's early.\" He said. She snorted. \"Go back to bed. It's what, five thirty?\" She asked. \"Six.\" HE said quietly and kissed her neck. \"It's six.\" She laughed and began taking the eggs off the pan and onto a platter. \"Come back to bed.\" He said. She laughed. \"I'm cooking.\" She told him, laughing. Norman walked in, half awake and yawning. He was in blue pajamas and smiled at the two. Don was shirtless and he could see all of his scars. It was less of a shock but still a sight to see. \"Morning, Norman.\" Jack called softly and turned to look at him. Norman smiled and nodded. \"Coffee?\" She offered. He accepted. Around six thirty, more people began to make their way downstairs and into the kitchen. It had a lot of windows and Jack began opening them. Before long everyone was sitting around and eating. Dolores was in her pajamas as well. They were soft pink. Her hair was braided and even in the morning, fresh out of bed, she looked beautiful. \"So what are we doing today?\" Dolores asked, looking around. \"I say we go swimming in the lake.\" Jack suggested. \"It'll give me a chance to drown Grady.\" She whispered to Norman who laughed quietly. Don, hearing the comment, gently elbowed her. It was settled quickly. tHey decided to stay at the lake. Betty had packed Jack two different swimsuits. One was a white and red polka dotted one piece. The other was a two-piece that was sailor blue with white stripes. She went with the red one. Dolores actually wore a daring haltered two piece. It was a beautiful sea green. It was a beautiful day out and the group began walking towards the lake. Some carried towels and others carried nothing. Dolores had on green sunglasses that had been shoved onto the top of her blonde hair. Half way to the lake, Jack elbowed Norman, getting his attention. \"Hey, kid.\" She said. \"I'm almost as old as you.\" He pointed out. She ignored him. \"Race you to the end of the dock.\" She said as she pushed him and took off running. Norman laughed and ran after her. Grady laughed. \"What are they doing?\" Boyd ask as Dolores laughed. \"She challenged him to a race.\" Don told them. \"My money's on Norman.\" Gordo said off handedly. Norman was taller than Jack and passed her quickly. Norman stood at the end of the dock and turned. Jack barreled into him and knocked them both into the water. \"Told you.\" Gordo pointed out. \"I like her.\" Dolores said out loud. \"We need more girls like her.\" She added and put her glasses on her face. They kept walking and saw Jack try to climb onto the dock. Norman grabbed her and pulled her back into the water. Don laughed at them. After he set his towel on the ground he walked to the end where Jack was dunking Norman. Norman backed away and came up for air, laughing. \"I know you can do better than that.\" He teased. Jack splashed water at him, scowling. She turned and looked up at Don. He was smiling at her. \"Need a hand out?\" He asked and stretched out his hand. She looked over her shoulder to the slowly nearing Norman and took don's hand. Don had no slue what was coming. Jack had one foot on the dock when a wicked grin graced her face. Norman grabbed her and she pushed off the dock, making sure to pull don with her as she fell back into the lake. Boyd howled with laughter from his spot on the dock. Grady and Gordo leaned over and waited for the three to resurface. Boyd and Dolores sat on their towels on the grass, content with watching for a bit. Don resurfaced and looked at Norman with a gleam in his eye. Norman began to rethink his choices. Jack laughed, knowing she would be safe. She could outswim Don. Jack was a strong swimmer. \"You're a dead man, kid.\" Don said and dove under the water. Norman swam as fast as he could away and Jack laughed as she got back on the dock, letting her legs hang over. Gordo and Grady jumped past her. She saw Don come up and toss Norman. Eventually Jack went over and grabbed Dolores, insisting she come swim. At one point everyone was in the water and just enjoying the cool lake water on the hot day. It was July 1st. Around noon, they headed back for lunch and Norman already was showing signs of sunburn. Grady smacked his back where the burn was beginning to show. Jack smacked Grady in the face. They ate outside and some of them returned to the lake. Jack, Gordo and Grady carried Norman back to the lake and tossed him in. It was a challenge with his struggling, but they did it. Gordo and Grady then tossed Jack in. \"Did you get a chance to go yet?\" Don asked Boyd. He nodded. \"What's going on?\" Dolores asked. Boyd filled her in quickly before switching the topic as Jack approached, drying her hair with a towel and sat next to Don. \"What are you three talking about?\" She asked. \"Just small talk.\" Dolores lied smoothly. \"You know how men can be, all small talk.\" She teased and sipped her lemonade. \"You better stay out of the sun for a while. Looks like you're beginning to burn, too.\" Don told her and she rolled her eyes, saying she doesn't get sunburn. Don gently pressed his fingers on the pink skin on her cheek bones and Jack knew she was wrong. She was burning. Jack swore to herself and grabbed her glass of water. As the day went on, clouds began to loom over them. Jack looked up at them with a frown. \"Looks like a storm is coming.\" She said as she watched them roll towards them and the wind picked up. She set her towel down and stood. \"I'll go get the three goofs.\" She said and walked away. \"We probably need to be inside anyway. Don't need too much sun, now.\" Boyd said and began grabbing plates and dishes. Don and Dolores helped and they heard a low rumble of thunder. Jack stood over the edge of the dock and called to them. Don watched as they pulled her in and laughed at her shouts of indignance and headed inside. A few minutes later Jack returned with the three men in tow. Everyone dispersed to their own rooms to shower and dress. Jack had volunteered herself and Norman to make dinner. She wanted to teach him how to make his own meals since he was going to be living alone. She showered and changed into a navy blue dress that had white polka dots on it. She didn't bother wearing shoes, no one bother to wear shoes indoors. She made it into the kitchen and looked out to the raging storm. She jumped at a clap of thunder. The skies had darkened quickly with the clouds. Norman quickly joined her and they closed the windows before cooking. The others gathered in a stitting room while the two cooked. Jack made sure they started early so she could take her time and teach Norman. He was a quick learner. He didn't just learn how to cook, he also was made aware of Jack jolting slightly at each clap of thunder, something she didn't do often in Germany. He kept it to himself. The two enjoyed themselves cooking. Norman was a quiet and calm boy and Jack enjoyed the calm. The mood in the house was light and happy. Everyone was getting along well and enjoyed being back together and not having to worry about being blown to bits or shot up. Jack began cutting up some potatoes to go with dinner and the knife slipped and cut her hand. The cut went down her palm and just ended on her wrist. It began to bleed and she yelped in pain and dropped the knife. Norman walked over to see what happened but stopped short when he saw her face. It had paled and she looked scared, and almost like she was in a whole other world. Don and the others were playing bridge and smoking. The lights flickered and thunder rolled but no one was too worried about it. Conversation stopped when they heard Jack yelp in pain. Don turned and faced the hallway that lead to the kitchen. He was about to shrug it off when he heard Norman saying something to her. He couldn't hear it but heard his voice talking. The group slowly began to return to the game. Jack shouted and they heard someone fall to the floor. They all jumped to their feet and heard the back door slam open. Don was the first to see Norman on the ground, holding a bleeding nose and ran out into the storm after Jack. \"The fuck happened to you?\" Grady asked as Gordo pulled him off the ground. Norman looked slightly startled. \"I don't know. She was fine but she cut her hand pretty bad. I asked her if she was ok and she, she just punched me and ran out screaming!\" He told them. Boyd looked to make sure his nose wasn't broken and Dolores got him some ice. Jack swung at the Nazi and hit him in the face before turning and running. She didn't have her gun! Where was her gun? Bombs rained down around her as she ran. She had to find her group, where was her group? Jack tripped over a dead body and sprawled into the mud. She was on her hand and knees, covered in mud and blood as someone grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up. She spun and swung wildly. She flinched as a bomb went off. Mud and debris was flying everywhere and soldiers of both sides ran past her in all directions, shooting at someone. Everything was spinning and she couldn't breathe. She needed to find her crew. She was covered in mud and someone's blood. Whose blood was on her? Don narrowly avoided the swing from Jack as he helped her out of the mud. The storm raged around them and he grabbed her shoulders. He could see the blood on her hand. She managed to get herself pretty good with the knife, but Don had a bigger problem. \"Jack, Jack, it's ok. Jack we're in America. You aren't in Germany.\" He told her. She struggled and swung her bloodied hands at him. He grabbed her wrists gently. He spoke firmly but kept his voice calm. \"Jack, look at me.\" He told her. \"Jack, you're safe. Everyone is safe. Jack, it's ok.\" He told her. She had been crying and tears mixed with the mud and rain. \"Jack, look at me.\" He told her gently and she met his gaze. He lead her hand to his face, letting her feel that he was there. \"Jack, I'm right here. It's ok, Jack.\" He kept repeating to her and she began to calm down. Her hand drifted down to his shoulder and she grabbed onto the fabric and ran it between her fingers as she began to come back. \"Jack, remember where you are?\" He asked as she began to calm down. Tears still ran down her face but at a much slower pace. \"America.\" She answered and looked at his shirt. \"Good. Jack, where in America are we?\" He asked gently. \"Lake house. Lake house in Tennessee. Don, I was in Germany, there were bombs going off. It felt so real, it's always so real.\" She sobbed and Don pulled her into a tight embrace as she began to cry. He held her and ran his hand down her head. \"Make it stop, make it stop. I can't do this.\" \"I know. You're safe now, Jack. You're safe. I'm here.\" He told her quietly. He felt her flinch at the rolling thunder and began to lead her inside. Dolores had shoved everyone back into the sitting room and came back to help Norman clean up and finish cooking. She began making tea for Jack. She had seen her father flashback several times and knew how to help. Norman and her watched as Don helped Jack inside. She kept Norman from going over to Jack, wanting to make sure she had space. Don lead her away to the bedroom. Jack numbly put on her dry pajamas and Don got her into bed. Jack settled in and pulled the comforter over her head and Don sat on the side of the bed for a bit, just being there for her. A soft knock announced Dolores's arrival and she entered. \"I brought Jack some tea to help her sleep.\" She told Don who nodded at her. Dolores approached and set it on the stand nearest Jack. She knelt down and called out to Jack. Jack let the blanket be pulled away from her face. She was exhausted. \"Jack, you need to drink some of this tea. It'll help you relax.\" Dolores told her. Jack sat up and took the mug from the woman. Don and Dolores sat with Jack for a small while as Jack silently drank some of the tea. It did help her to relax and any time they asked her a questions she would nod or shake her head. She was exhausted. Dolores eventually pulled Don out of the room to let her rest. Jack set the tea to the side and burrowed under the blanket, finding comfort in the dark. Dolores returned to helping Norman and worked to bring the mood back up. Norman had been startled but he was ok, just a sore nose. Dolores was able to bring the mood back up by dinner. She had turned on a radio that played music for them. They were still a bit shaken up by what happened to Jack, but it wasn't too hard to let go. They had seen her do that in Germany, but she hadn't attacked anyone. She was probably too weak at the time to try. Yes, they worried for her, but they knew she would be ok. Jack was always ok. Right? As the evening winded down, they began to part and go to their own rooms. Don opened the door and was slightly alarmed by what he saw. Jack wasn't in bed. He looked to the bathroom door that was open and the light was on. He walked in and saw Jack cleaning her hand. They had completely forgotten about her hand. She had on a different shirt as well. IT was her army shirt, the one she wore underneath her uniform. He approached her from behind. \"Jack?\" He asked softly and she looked at him from the mirror before going back to her hand. \"How's your hand?\" He asked as he rested his hands on her shoulders. She sniffed before answering. \"Hurts a bit. Had to clean it out, there was mud.\" She answered. He kissed the back of her head and watch as she wrapped it up. \"Did you clean it with iodine?\" Don teased, referring to the last time she cut herself while cooking. She elbowed him and he laughed as he stepped back. She turned and walked out of the bathroom and climbed back into bed. She began to mess with her dogtags. She always had them on. Don changed and climbed in with her. He pulled her close and she looked up at him. One of his large hands gently closed around hers, closing them around the dog tags. \"Don, I'm tired of this happening.\" She told him. He looked at her. \"I know, Jack. Just hang in there. They should stop soon.\" He told her and kissed her forehead. \"What if they don't?\" She asked, grabbing onto his shirt. \"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.\" He told her. \"Jack, do you always have your tags on?\" He asked and she nodded. \"Why don't you try taking them off. It's over, you don't need them anymore.\" He told her gently. \"Maybe that'll help a bit.\" Jack was hesitant but nodded and slowly removed them. It was a foreign feeling, having them gone. At first it made her worry more but slowly relaxed as she left them on the nightstand. She felt as if a small burden had been lifted. \"I love you, Jack.\" Don told her and kissed her head. \"I love you, too.\" She told her and got close to him, needing to feel him there with her. Maye he had been right to tell her to take them off. They reminded her of the war. She had to keep them on in case something happened to her, they could identify the body. It told her that she was still at risk of dying when she wore them. Maybe that stress was pushing her towards those flashbacks. The next morning, she woke to find the bed empty. She smelled food and heard lively chatter. She grunted and climbed out of bed, making her way downstairs. She entered the dining room and conversation died down. She frowned. Not this shit again. They were going to treat her like glass, weren't they. \"How you feeling, Jack?\" Bible asked her. She grunted in his direction, still a bit tired. She passed them and entered the kitchen. Don laughed to himself as she walked by. She grabbed coffee and food and sat between Don and Norman and conversation began to pick up. She looked at Norman and frowned, gently elbowing him in the side. \"Hey.\" She told him. \"The fuck happened to your nose?\" She asked quietly. Norman snorted a bit and looked to Grady and Gordo who were sitting across from them. Jack began to sip some coffee. Norman had a bruise on his nose. \"You did.\" He told her and she began to choke on her coffee. Don looked at her and rested a hand on her back as she coughed. \"The fuck you mean I did?\" She asked incredulously. \"After you cut your hand I tried to help, you punched me in the face.\" He told her with a smile, trying not to laugh at her shocked expression. Her hands went to her mouth. \"Oh shit, I'm sorry!\" She apologized and tried not to laugh. \"Don't tell your mother.\" She teased. Norman laughed. \"Don't worry she's hit all of us worse than that.\" Grady told him and Jack glared. \"You boys deserved it.\" She told him firmly, pining him down with a glare. Grady and Gordo laughed as Jack drank her coffee. The rest of the week went by without any issues for the most part. Some days it rained and they stayed inside, playing cards, reading, relaxing, just enjoying each other's company. One day the group decided to go horseback riding. On July 4th they went to go watch fireworks. Another day they went back to the lake. Towards the end of the week, the phone rang. Dolores and Jack were doing the dishes that evening and Don answered. It was Betty calling. Betty had been getting their mail for them while they were gone and saw Jack had a letter. It was from a Richard Edwards. Don wasn't aware she still had family left. \"Hey, Jack?\" He called from the phone. He heard her respond. \"You got a letter from a Richard Edwards-\" He was cut off when a plate fell and shattered. Jack came running into the room, much to the surprise of the others and snatched the phone from Don. \"Hello?\" She asked. \"Betty? It's from Richard Edwards? What does it say, did you read it?\" She asked hurriedly. Jack did not look happy this man was writing her. \"Are you serious?\" She asked and the men were startled by her anger. \"Ok. Thank you Betty. No, I'll handle it when we get home, thank you. If he calls, do not tell him where I am, ok? Thank you, Betty. Here's Don.\" She said and walked away. They heard her yell \"Fuck!\" in the hall. Jack began to pick up the broken plate and apologized to Dolores for leaving her like that. She assured Jack it was ok. The men were quite confused. Don could have sworn she said she had no family left. Had she lied? Don sighed through his nose. HE didn't like not knowing, but he needed to trust her, right? She wouldn't like unless she had good reason, and that worried him more. Jack had a tendency to not ask for help, especially when she got in too deep. Don could do nothing except hope she would talk to him about it. If he pushed too hard, she would shut down and not tell him anything. Don trusted her but it didn't keep him from worrying about her. He just hoped what ever the issue was, it could be resolved easily. Let me know what you guys think. I know PTSD and flashbacks don't work like that, I am sorry. I don't have nay experience wth them and I don't know enough to write accurately. Googling didn't help much.[Chapter 19] Man Down Don was startled awake again. It was the same dream that usually woke him. Don didn't usually have nightmares, but they did show up every now and then. And it was almost always the same. \"Iche liebe dih.\" He said and tried to walk past her. She reached out her arm and stopped him, a small fronw on her face. \"You keep saying that.\" She stated firmly. Don met her slight glare with a firm look of his own. \"You keep saying that at the oddest times.\" She noted with a small smile of victory. \"Like you didn't want to give me a chance to respond.\" She rested her hands on her gun, imitating his stance. His mouth twitched into a smile. \"So you figured it out?\" He asked, amused, stepping into her personal space. Jack smiled bright. She looked so beautiful with that smile. That small blush flushed her dirty cheeks and a small laugh left her mouth. \"Yeah.\" She answered \"Yeah, I did. And I gotta be honest, Don, I-\" The bullets burst through her for the hundredth time and grazed past him. Jack was I his arms, bleeding out, eyes closed. He was kneeling down, holding her. \"Jack? Jack!\" He yelled to her in his firm voice. \"Jack, stay with me, stay with me!\" He said and shook her. Someone had taken out the shooter but no one was helping. Jack was dying! Didn't they see that? \"Jack!\" He called out. The gunshot echoed in his ears. Don was startled awake by the gunshot. When he closed his eyes again he say her face, white as a sheet with flecks of blood on her. Every time it was the same nightmare. Every time she was silenced, every time he saw her dying on the ground. He grunted and reached out for Jack. His eyes snapped open when he found she was gone. His was back in his apartment and Jack was supposed to be, but he didn't see or hear her. He sat up and made his way out to the kitchen. He let himself relax and lean against the doorframe and smile. She was sitting at the table, on the phone and smoking a cigarette. She was ok. She was always ok. The two had been home for a few days, they had returned from the Lake house. Jac had spent the last few days on the phone with people, planning something. Jack rarely got off the phone in a good mood. Don let her be and didn't ask, trying to respect her privacy. He let her be and got ready for the day. When he returned, Jack was off the phone and making him breakfast. He kissed her forehead before sitting with a cup of coffee. Jack gave him food and smiled sweetly at him. He smiled back and the two ate in a comfortable silence. Don looked at her and watched her as she read the newspaper. She caught him staring. \"What?\" She asked, oblivious. He gave her a small smile and stood, taking his dishes to the sink. He gave her a kiss as he passed. \"You're beautiful.\" He told her before dropping his dishes into the sink and grabbing his things. \"I'll see you later. Call me if you need anything.\" He told her before leaving. Jack smiled and waved as he left. She put her head in her hand and sighed, staring where he had been standing. She needed to tell him. The thought made her want to smoke, so she did. She picked up the phone and dialed the number she thought she would never call again. She held the letter from Richard Edwards and waited until the man picked up. \"Hi, Uncle Richard? This is Jacqueline.\" Jack had been in a bad place the last few days. They had returned home but she did not improve. She somehow managed to hide it from Don who was thankfully giving her space. Jack felt as if her whole world was falling apart. Jack felt she was losing her grip on reality and on top of that, her estranged uncle was trying to claim ownership over the land where her and her family once lived. Richard was disgusting human and Jack wanted nothing to do with him. The stress of the past few weeks, the uncle, the flashbacks, the nightmares, had grown to be too much. She couldn't breathe easy and she felt as if she was drowning most days. Her pride kept her from reaching out for help. She felt like she was at the end of her rope and she had no clue how to fix it. She was overwhelmed, she was so tired. The second day they were home, Don was at work and Jack was home alone. She didn't have work that day. Jack found herself sitting on the edge of the bed, messing with the object in her hand. She had found a way out. Jack had come to the conclusion that there was nothing she could do, no way out. She didn't know what to do. Everything was crashing around her and drowning her. Tears fell as she looked at the gun in her hands. It was Don's, the one he took to Germany. Her fingers traced over it, studying it. It was her way out, it was her only solution. She didn't have the strength to keep going on. Why was she even alive? Her job was done, she didn't have any reason to stay. She got her boys out of Germany and they were doing ok. The girls at the library were doing fine before she came along. Why was she even there? No one needed her, she wasn't important. Jack was so tired. She hated those flashbacks, even after they lessened. But the stress of worrying if they were ever going to come back and when wore her out. She needed to get out but where could she go to escape them? She cried for an hour, looking at the gun in her hands. She didn't know what to do. Jack didn't think she had the strength to go on, to fight with her uncle, to handle Norman's parents. What could she do anyway? She was no longer needed. Jack put the gun in her mouth, mind made up. The only thing she regretted was not telling Don she loved him, just one last time. Jack closed her eyes and sat there for a few seconds. At least she saw her boys one last time. Then she pulled the trigger. A million things flashed through her mind, things she still needed to do. Suddenly, she realized that the problems that seemed so big, weren't so big after all. Dealing with her uncle wasn't going to be so difficult. She needed to stay alive to make sure Norman could come to University in D.C. Her boys still needed her but not in the same way as before. If she died, what would that tell them? Don. How could she do that to Don? To have him come home and find her head blown out by his own gun on their bed? How could she do that to the man she loved? Then she remembered that she pulled the trigger. Jack was confused. Was she dead? Was she having an out of body experience? She turned around, wondering if her body would be on the bed behind her, covered in gore. There was nothing. Why didn't it shoot her? She was glad it hadn't worked, now seeing her mistake, but she was confused. She took the gun out of her mouth and looked at it. Jack opened the chamber and started to laugh at herself. The gun was unloaded. In her sadness, she hadn't loaded it. Jack sat there in relief, realizing how terrifying the last few minutes had been. Jack shook her head and put the gun back. She would not be doing that again, she promised herself. Jack dried her tears and stood, breathing for a few minutes. She needed to do something to distract herself. Don never found out about her attempt, she made sure to hide it from him and swore to herself she would never tell him. Looking back, she was terrified that she had nearly died and only survived because she forgot to load it. She felt foolish and beat herself up over it for a while. When Don came home, she made sure to have bright eyes and a large smile. She would never do that again. She would fight through this and she would win. She promised herself she would not give up. She silent promised her boys from Fury that she would fight and she would win, no matter what life threw at her. Don returned home after work and found Jack writing something on a piece of paper. She had her purse on a seat and a hat on her head. \"Oh! Hello!\" She said, seeing him walk in and giving him a smile. \"How was work?\" She asked. \"It was fine. Where are you going?\" he asked, confused. \"I was thinking we could go for ice cream.\" She said as she walked up to him and put her hands on her shoulder. HE smiled. \"Ice cream?\" He asked as he rested his hands on her hips. \"Before or after dinner?\" He asked. Jack smiled and bounced slightly. \"Hm. After.\" She told him. He laughed quietly and kissed her. They went to a small Italian place for dinner and enjoyed the food. The conversation and mood was light. Jack was smiling a bit more and it was a nice change from the frustrated and worried expression she had been wearing lately. But he could still tell she was worried about something. She didn't bring it up until they were walking around, enjoying ice cream. They were walking around a park, eating ice cream and enjoying the sunlight as it slowly set. \"Don.\" She started. Don looked at her. \"I have to go back to Pennsylvania for a few days.\" She blurt out and bit her lip, worried about his reaction. He just looked at her before sighing through his nose and nodding. \"Ok.\" He said and ate some ice cream. \"When do you plan on going?\" He asked. \"This weekend. I'm taking the train. I have a friend whose house I'm going to be staying at. It'll only be a few days.\" She told him and ate some of her own ice cream. \"Jack,\" He said and looked at her. \"Why are you going to Pennsylvania?\" He asked her and she sighed. They sigh a lot. \"My father had a brother. He wasn't considered family, hasn't been for a long while. However, with my parents dead and no one using the property, it is being sold.\" She paused and ate some ice cream. Don nodded at her urging her to continue. \"That's fine by me, except, now he is trying to claim he was part of the family and should get the money from the property. I'm going to settle the issue. I have everything else set up. I just needed to tell you.\" She explained. \"Why isn't he part of your family?\" Don asked. \"Something between him and my father. In all honesty, it takes a lot for my father to dislike someone. Being cut out from the family? Richard must have done something really bad. I just don't like him. He's a creep, and a violent drunk.\" She told him. Don stopped walking and put a concerned hand on her arm. \"Do you need me to go?\" He asked her. Jack smiled at him and shook her head. \"No. Don't worry I can handle him! I did survive Germany.\" She reminded him with a bright smile. He smiled back but was still concerned. He trusted her though, and took comfort in knowing she wouldn't be staying at the man's house. It was one of the longest weekends he had faced. Jack didn't call all weekend and Don found himself going stir crazy, though he would never admit it. HE spent Sunday over at Betty's. Jack would return Monday evening. Don worried about her. He knew Jack could handle herself, but that didn't keep him from worrying. Don nearly lost his mind when Jack returned home with a black eye. Jack opened the door and walked in. She still had her large sunglasses on and she set down her suitcase in the hallway. Don walked down it and greeted her. He wrapped her in a tight embrace and she laughed. \"Didn't realize you'd miss me so much.\" She teased as he released her. That was when Don caught a glimpse of what was under her sunglasses. He looked at her firmly and she bit her lip. Don slowly removed the sunglasses and rage filled his veins. \"What happened?\" He asked quietly. Jack put her hands on his arms and stared up at him with a comforting smile. \"Nothing I couldn't handle.\" She lied. She also had bruises on her side and back from being thrown into a coffee table. She was not looking forward for him to see those. \"Don't worry about it. I don't ever have to see him again and I got the money from the property being sold. I nearly fell over from the amount-\" \"Jack.\" Don told her quietly. \"I don't care about the money. I want to know what happened.\" He told her quietly. His tone had calmed and Jack sighed through her nose. \"Richard and I got into an argument. I hadn't realized he had been drinking, otherwise I would have left before we began arguing.\" She told him. She put a hand on his face and looked him firmly in the eye. \"It's over now. No use dwelling on it. I will never have to see him again.\" She told him. He looked at her and sighed before pulling her into another tight embrace. Jack knew he had worried and almost felt bad about it. However, it was something she needed to do on her own. She realized she had made the right choice to keep going. Everything clicked when she fought with Richard. She still had work to do. And when she was done, her next job was to live happily ever after. That was her task. That realization seemed to help Jack get by. Her flashbacks lessened even more and her nightmares damn near disappeared. Jack got better rest, was more productive at work and home, was more upbeat in general and Don noticed. He felt relief at Jack's sudden change of attitude and didn't question it. She knew what she was doing. However, there was one day they both were dreading and looking forward to at the same time. They were excited for Norman to be so close by, but they were not excited to meet his parents. Don didn't mind so much, but Jack took every opportunity to btich about it. Some days Don laughed and other days he just stared at her, amused. Jack really didn't want to meet his mother. Part of her realized it was because his mother was much like her own. Another part realized Norman's mother was probably worse. The came in mid August. Jack was in a simple brown dress and don was in a simple suit. They met Norman and his parents at a nice restaurant for lunch. They were seated outside to enjoy the sun. Norman stood to greet them and Jack gave him a hug and a bright smile. \"Oh, it's been too long, Norman.\" She told him and he laughed at her as they sat. Don and Jack introduced themselves to Norman's parents. Jack went by Jackie as so to avoid criticism from the mother. \"Norman, where is your sister?\" The mother, Nancy, asked irritably. \"I did not send her to that French school so she could completely forget her manners.\" \"She'll be here soon, darling, I'm sure.\" Her husband assured her. \"That child doesn't have a serious thought in her brain. Head's always in the clouds.\" Nancy stated. Jack looked to Norman. His sister didn't sound like a scatterbrain when Norman talked about her. Soon enough his sister arrived. The girl was only a year or two older than Jack and had her dark brown hair styled simply with curls. She wore red lipstick and a light blue dress. She smiled and made her way over. She hugged Norman and shook Jack and Don's hands. \"Renee, where have you been?\" Nancy asked accusingly. \"Sorry, mother. The train was late.\" She stated simply before sitting. Renee sat between her father and Norman. Her mother hummed in disapproval. \"I hear you two are signing for Norman?\" Renee asked excitedly. \"I'm so glad. I think it will do Norman some good to be away from home, be on his own.\" Renee stated as she sipped some water. \"We thought so as well. He has a level head on his shoulder so we trust him not to get into too much trouble.\" Jack told Renee. Jack could see Nancy roll her eyes but ignored the woman. \"So where did you meet Norman?\" Renee asked curiously. Jack hesitated and Don answered. \"He was assigned to my tank as an assistant driver by mistake. By then there was nothing we could do. Norman worked with us until the end of the war.\" Don explained. \"And Jackie? Where did you meet him?\" Renee asked, not realizing she too was in the tank. Jack gave her a kind smile. \"I worked in the tan as well. Norman was actually sent to replace me. There was a mistake and the Army thought I was dead.\" Jack explained and she saw Renee's eyes flash with intrigue. \"You mean, you worked in the tank as well?\" She asked excitedly. Jack laughed softly and nodded. Jack liked this girl. \"Oh, you must tell me all about it!\" \"Absolutely not! It's not right for a young lady to work in such close quarters with men! And in war no less! That is no place for a woman, if you ask me!\" Nancy exclaimed and Jack turned to face her. She stared the older woman down. \"Then I believe it is a good thing no one asked you.\" Jack stated before turning back to Renee with a smile as Norman and Don had to do their best to keep from laughing. \"Renee, I would love to tell you about it sometime. I hear you went to school in France for a while. How was that?\" Jack asked, trying to steer conversation away from Germany. Nancy was floundering, astounded the young woman would dare talk to her like that. Renee, the bright girl she is, knew what Jack was trying to do. \"Oh, perhaps another time. We aren't here to talk about me.\" She said sweetly. \"I believe we are here to meet the two incredible people who are allowing my baby brother to go to school here.\" She said kindly and put a hand on Norman's arm. Norman looked to his older sister fondly. Jack could see the two had been close. \"That would be your father and I, Renee.\" Nancy stated. \"You were not the ones who signed the papers.\" Renee told her firmly. She turned back to Jack and Don. \"So how long have you two been married?\" She asked and Jack nearly choked on her water. Now it was Jack's turn to panic and flounder. \"We aren't married.\" Don answered simply. Renee apologized, but they assured her it was ok. \"It is not ok! I'm becoming less and less impressed by you two. First, she spends who knows how long in a tank full of men only to come home and live with one of them! I will not have my son be further influenced by some floozy! Heaven knows it's not right!\" Nancy exploded. Jack could handle that and she kept her posture relaxed as the woman bitched. Don sighed through his nose, tired of the woman attacking Jack. However, he knew if he stepped in to defend her, Jack would chew him out. She liked to fight her own battles. Norman leaned over to his sister and whispered to her in French, a language both knew but their parents didn't. \" Jack can have just as bad a mouth as any sailor. I'm just waiting for her to stop holding her tounge.\" Norman explained. His sister tried to hide a smile. \"Mother will have a heart attack.\" Renee stated. \" We can only hope. \" Norman added and Renee laughed quietly and the two listened in on the conversation again. Their mother was still going on. \"To think, a woman as young as you in that tank for so long with men! No doubt they couldn't control themselves\" Nancy stated and Don frowned, tempted to jump in and stop the woman but he saw Jack tense in anger. How dare she question the integrity of the boys in Fury! \"And to think my Norman was exposed to such sin! I can't imagine how many children you could have conceived or did you have an abortion?\" The mother whispered harshly. Jack had had enough but Renee beat her to it. \"Mother!\" She shouted and stood. \"How dare you!\" Renee started. Norman gently grabbed her arm and tried to get her to sit. \"Renee, stop. Sit down.\" Norman told her quietly. Renee shook him off. \"No! I will not sit down!\" She turned to her mother. \"Who do you think you are? Here are two kind, brave people who protected Norman, fought in the war and more than willing to take him as their responsibility which is more than you have ever done for him ad you sit here and criticize and attack them! How dare you!\" Jack looked at the woman, slightly surprised at the outburst. \"Renee, you will sit down and stop making a scene!\" Her mother told her standing herself. \"I will not! I refuse to sit here in silence while you attack this woman who has more courage and honor than you! Just because they don't fit into your perfect idea of what people should be like doesn't mean the deserve to sit here and be verbally assaulted by you!\" She shouted before turning and leaving. Nancy began to call after her daughter but her husband finally stepped in. \"Nancy. Sit down. You are embarrassing yourself.\" He told her firmly. She looked at him with an open mouth, shocked. Nancy seated herself and collected herself before sipping some water and speaking. \"I apologize. I don't know what comes over that child.\" Said and Norman actually glared at his mother. \"She never thinks before she speaks.\" Jack was tired of this woman and leaned back, a picture of complete calm. Norman and Don knew that look and she was eather going to rip this woman a knew one or lunge across the table and strangle her. She turned and looked at Norman with a small, mischievous smile. \"I like your sister.\" Jack said and Norman smiled slightly at his friend. \"Of course you would.\" Nancy mumbled but Jack heard it and snapped her head to the woman. \"Why? Because I did something as outrageous as join the army? I wasn't the only woman in that war. Or is it because you are convinced I sleep with as many men as I come across? Or perhaps because you are convinced I must have had many abortions during my time in Germany. Your daughter is more intelligent than you think. The men I worked with while in Germany respected me and saw me as an equal. Shocking I know. They never took advantage of me and I am offended on their behalf that you would think so little of the men who sacrificed damn near everything to assure your safe while you sit comfortably in your home, enjoying the daily comforts of American life. And as for as many men you think I have slept with? Really not as many as you think and quite frankly, I don't see how it is any of your business.\" She paused and sipped some water. \"And as for the abortions you mentioned,\" She paused and gave the woman a grim smile. \" I have no need for them. In fact, I have no way of bearing a child. You see, a few years ago, I was in a horrible car accident with my fiancé. I ended up losing him and any hopes of bearing children.\" Jack enjoyed watching Nancy shift uncomfortably. \"And if you are unimpressed by Sergeant Collier and myself, and find you will not let Norman attend this school by any means, and if you try to threaten him by not paying for this school, please take into consideration that I have recently come into a fairly large amount of money myself and would be more than happy to step in where you cannot. So I suggest you stop being such a persistent bitch.\" Jack finished and sipped her water before looking at the woman innocently while Don and Norman had to fight back a smile. \"Any questions?\" She asked and turned to Norman. \"Norman, I'm going to go check on your sister. Excuse me.\" Jack excused herself and left the table. She headed out of the restaurant and found Renee smoking out front. The girl had a few tears running down her face and fear flashed in her eyes when Jack approached her. \"Jackie, I am so sorry for that.\" The girl began but Jack smiled brightly at her. \"Renee, please. It was no trouble. I only wish you were there for what I had to say.\" She teased and Renee smiled a bit. Jack pulled out her own cigarettes and began smoking. \"Don and I are fond of your brother. We will make sure he attends this school.\" She promised the girl and she smiled. \"Thank you, thank you both.\" She breathed in relief. \"It means so much to Norman and I think it will be good for him to be so close to friends. As you can see, our mother isn't the most kind person.\" She added. \"Yes. I am confused as two how she could have raised such kind, gentle children.\" Jack added honestly with a smile and Renee laughed. \"I wouldn't say my outburst was kind.\" Renee admitted and Jack laughed. \"It was. Sometimes you gotta stand up for what you feel. Your heart was in the right place.\" Jack assured her. \"Call me Jack.\" Renee smiled. \"Alright, Jack.\" Renee nodded and started another cigarette. \"Norman told me a lot about you two. Said you two and the others kept him alive.\" Jack smiled. \"He didn't tell you he kept us alive too, did he?\" Jack asked. Renee shook her head, confused. Jack looked at her kindly but with sad eyes. \"Renee. Germany was a mess. It wasn't good. Quite frankly it was hell. Sure we had good days, but there were more bad days. We lost people, good people. We were the lucky ones who got out ok. We couldn't do that without helping each other out.\" Jack told her, trying to avoid the gore. Renee smiled at her. \"Jack, I know.\" Renee told her. Jack was about to ask how but Renee finished for her. \"Jack, I was in Pearl Harbor when the Japanese attacked.\" Jack damn near dropped her cigarette. \"What the hell where you doing there?\" Jack asked, forgetting her manners and Renee laughed. \"I was training to become a nurse. I wanted to be a military nurse so they trained me at a military base. I was engaged to a man who was stationed there, in Hawaii.\" Jack caught the past tense. \"Was?\" \"Yes, he didn't make it through the attack.\" Renee answered sadly. \"He was one of the men who were trapped in the ships.\" Jack stared at the girl in horror. \"I had to tend to the wounded soldiers while we were being bombed. We had to choose who got help and who were too far gone to save. It was a mess.\" Renee told her. Jack put a gentle hand on her shoulder. \"When mother heard, she almost didn't let me continue my nursing education. I am so afraid that she will do the same to Norman.\" \"Renee, if need be, I will pay. I have enough to at the very least help.\" Jack had been completely taken aback from the girl's story and wondered why Norman never mentioned it. Jack and Renee stood outside smoking and talking. Jack decided she really like Renee. She was a gentle, kind creature. She had a good heart. And it took some guts to be able to be a nurse. Jack learned that Renee spent most of the war in Hawaii. Both she and Norman spoke and read fluent French when they were younger and that her and Norman were thick as thieves until she was shipped off to France for schooling. Norman, being the quiet boy he is, caved easily under his mother's pressure as a child and his sister would often stand up for him. Renee like Jack. She liked that Jack was brave enough to fight in the army and strong enough to be considered and equal by the men she worked with and confident in her own self to stand up to people who questioned her actions. Renee admired Jack. Eventually the two decided to go back to the group and approached arm in arm. Norman looked terrified seeing the two women get along so well. Jack laughed and sat down, bright smile on her face. Norman's mother didn't say another word the whole time. Norman's father was alright. He wasn't a bad man and Jack actually didn't mind him. He was a bit of a pushover with is wife, but now that she was silent, he had found his voice. The rest of the day went smoothly. The parents left after lunch to go home. His mother just looked at him before boarding the train and his father actually gave him a hug before boarding. Renee was going to stay for a while and help Norman unpack in his dorm. Don and Jack offered to accompany him. The four entered Norman's new dorm and saw it was empty. His roommate had not arrived yet. They set the trunks down on his bed and Renee and Norman began to unpack them. Jack and Don just stood aside and let them unpack. The two siblings were in synch and Renee knew where Norman wanted everything without even having to ask. Norman began taping pictures to the wall and Jack spotted the one of the group. She smiled. Renee walked over to look at them and she spotted the one of the group. They were all sitting on Fury and looking at the camera. It was taken the day the war ended and each tired face held a triumphant smile. They were covered and mud and banged up but alive. \"Ooh, Norman, who is that handsome devil?\" Renee asked letting her finger land on Grady. Norman's face flashed to one of fear. \"Renee, no. Trust me you won't like him.\" Norman tried to argue. Jack walked over and looked at the man she was pointing to and laughed. \"Oh, that ass hole. That's Grady.\" Jack told her. Renee looked to her. \"Grady as in \"Coon-ass\"?\" She asked and Jack nodded. She shrugged. \"Haven't heard anything I don't like yet.\" sHe said teasingly to Norman and the poor boy looked about ready to die. Jack and Don were going to give Norman hell for that. No way there were giving that up. After Norman was settled in, the four found themselves at Betty's for dinner. Betty loved Renee to death. Don told Betty all that had happened at lunch and the woman laughed. Betty congratulated Renee on standing up to the woman. The day was pleasant and they dropped Renee off at the train and said goodbye. She promised to visit soon and Jack gave her their number so she could call. The next task was to drop Norman off at his dorm. He too received the number to call incase there were any emergencies. Norman gave them his dorm phone number as well in case they wanted to call. Jack hugged Norman and wished him luck. It was a good ending to an eventful day and Jack and Don climbed into bed. It had been a good day and a lovely evening and the two fell asleep peacefully and stayed asleep. Before Don fell asleep, his thoughts first drifted back to the lake house and the favor he asked Boyd to do. He needed to talk to Jack about it and soon. But when? How? He was still trying to figure it out. Had he waited long enough? Was it too soon? He would have to take a leap of faith and hope to God Jack would still have his back. About a week later, Don made sure he got home early enough to set everything up. He made dinner and set it on the table. He had stopped by Betty's for some candles and Betty had bought him a bottle of wine. She said it was the best she's ever had so Don trusted her judgement. He poured himself some to calm his nerves and make sure it was good enough. HE didn't know why he was so nervous, he knew he had no reason to be. It's not like he was about to face those SS soldiers again. But it felt like it. It felt as if he was back in that tank. He refiled his glass and set it by his plate and filled a glass for Jack. He shut off the kitchen lights. The candles and sinking sun would give them enough light. He heard the front door open and close. Jack made her way to the kitchen and stopped when she saw him and his creation. She laughed gentle as he approached and held her close. He kissed her gently. \"What's all this for?\" Jack asked with a sot laugh. Don smiled at her and lead her to her seat. \"Just wanted to do something for you.\" He explained as she sat. He walked over to the corner. He had moved the radio into that room and turned it on low. Music played softly and Jack was smiling. He found himself thinking of how beautiful she was all through the meal. About halfway through, Fly Me To The Moon came on and Don had an idea. HE stood and offered a hand out to a confused Jack. She took his hand and he gently pulled her up and into his arms. She blushed and laughed softly, letting him lead. They were dancing slowly in a dimly lit kitchen. Jack could feel her heart beating loudly and swore Don could hear it. If he could he didn't show it. He was too worried that she was hearing his beat loudly. Towards the end of the song, Don knew it was now or never. He stopped Jack and held her shoulders gently and looked into her face. She looked up to him, confused as to why he stopped. Don slowly sank until he was on one knee, holding Jack's hand. Jack's heart was racing wildly and she wondered if she's have a heart attack or some shit. \"Don-\" She spoke softly but stopped. \"Jacqueline Edwards,\" He whispered softly and pulled something out of his pocket. He opened it and Jack stopped breathing all together. \"Jacqueline Edwards, will you marry me?\" He asked quietly. Jack's mouth hung open. Tears began to spill out of her eyes and she couldn't speak. All she could do was nod. She nodded furiously as a laugh ripped through her chest and Don smiled softly at her and stood. She nodded again. \"Yes.\" She finally breathed as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Tears of joy spilled. \"Oh, Don, yes!\" She laughed. He held her before letting her step back. He was laughing gently and Jack swore he had tears of his own threatening to spill. He took the ring out of the box and slipped it on her finger and Jack admired it. It was so simple and so elegant. \"Oh, yes. Oh, don, I love it, I love you!\" She said and Don laughed as she stood on her toes and kissed him. He held her close and kissed her passionately. Jack made a few phone calls the next day. Norman was first. Don called Betty and told her Jack's answer. Jack then called Boyd. Lastly she called Gordo and Grady. Gordo cried, talking about how his little assistant driver was getting married. Jack laughed her ass off. Jack was getting married. Jack Edwards was marrying Don Collier. Jack was getting married. Figured I should end it happy for now. Btw's Caps won against bruins and I was there! Ohmygod so satisfying. Let me know what you guys think![Chapter 20] Hell Hath None 20- holy mother fucking shit I love you guys. Please review and let me know what you want to see so I can make this story longer because I think we only have a few more chapters left. I am not sure yet. Car Crash by Hotel Books. Jack was on cloud nine. Nothing could touch her and Don was damn near the same way but was a more subtle. Jack could see t though. And so could Betty. Betty saw it in the way Don looked at Jack, as if the world around them disappeared. Betty was helping them set up and plan the wedding. They had it set for the fall of 1946, so about a year away. They were going to have it in September so it wouldn't be too hot or too cold. They talked about what kind of cake they wanted, where, what the decorations were going to be, everything was ran by Betty. Jack got her dress in October. Betty had helped her pick it out. Jack didn't have any family, so her new friends stepped in. They did a wonderful job. Betty was going to be her maid of honor and two of her friends from work at the library were her bridesmaids. Don and Jack considered asking Boyd to be the priest but decided against it. Instead he was the man of honor and Grady and Gordo were going to be the groomsmen. Norman wasn't and there was a reason. Jack had no one to give her away. The only blood family she had left was Richard and his name never even came up in the conversation. Instead, Jack and Don sat down with Norman at one of their weekly lunches and asked him. Every week or so, the three would go out to lunch and check in with each other. Mostly it was so Jack could make sure Norman was ok. Ever since Germany, she had begun to see him as a little brother. Norman didn't mind, he liked Jack. She was fun and tough. She reminded Norman of Renee in some ways. The three sat down for lunch in September and Jack asked him to be the man who walks her down the aisle. Norman said yes immediately, not even stopping to think about it. HE didn't need to. Jack was a good friend of his and he wanted to make sure he did his part to let the two have an amazing wedding. The guest list was mostly family and close friends. Renee was invited but Norman and Renee suggested to Jack that an invitation to their parents should not be made. Boyd's wife was invited, Betty's friends and their family was invited and Don's friends were invited, including the police officer, Ryan. Don and Ryan would sometimes meet up at a bar after work, they were high school buddies. Jack liked the man. Ryan was laid back and kind. Jack invited McMurphy. He promised her he would be there. The months flew by as the two planned for their wedding. Everyone around them was positive and happy. Jack was doing much better and her nightmares were gone for the most part. The boys from Fury would be coming up the week of the wedding and staying in a hotel. Renee and Norman were going to stay at Betty's house. Jack was excited and didn't even think about what happened last time she tried to get married. The event didn't even cross her mind until November. In late November of that year, they had a freak snow storm. There wasn't much snow but the temperatures dropped drastically. To make matters worse, the snow began to fall after Don had left for work. Jack woke up to find snow falling and her fiancé already gone. She didn't have work. The crash flashed into her mind but she shook her head. No way that would happen again. It was a freak accident and Don was much more careful than that. They were in a city where th streets were fairly flat and wide. There were very fey narrow roads. Jack decided to bake that day. She baked, she hummed, she wrote caught up on writing letters. She stayed busy and soon enough the memory of the crash left her. Norman called to check in. Usually they would meet for dinner that day but with the snow and his large amount of homework, they decided to reschedule. Jack envied Betty who was in another state that week, visiting her husband's family. They were in fucking Florida! Jack had dinner ready by five thirty and lit a cigarette and five fourty five. She briefly wondered if Ryan had swept him away for a drink at the bar again. Jack laughed to herself and figured that must be it and decided to pack up the food for later. Confusion took over her face when someone knocked at the door. She stubbed out her cigarette and walked down the hall. The knocking grew loud and faster and somehow the hall seemed longer. Jack opened the door to see Ryan in his police uniform looking at her. Something was wrong and Jack's heart stopped. His words were muffled nonsense to her as she heard breaking glass and crunching metal around her. She couldn't breathe. \"Jack? Jack, you need to come with me.\" Ryan told her and she could finally hear him. \"He's in the hospital.\" \"What happened?\" SHE asked. Ryan looked at her confused. \"I just told you. There was a crash. Someone ran a red light and slammed into his car. He's in the hospital now.\" Ryan explained quickly. \"Jack you need to come with me.\" Jack nodded numbly and followed him out the door, not bothering to grab a jacket despite the freezing temperatures. She couldn't feel anything anyway. The whole ride there the crash replayed in her mind over and over again. Jack didn't remember leaving her apartment or getting in Ryan's cop car or arriving at the hospital. She vaguely remembered a doctor talking to her about how Don was in surgery. Jack clearly remembered hearing a nurse yell that he had flat lined. She never remembered being seated or nearly blacking out. This was all told to her afterward. \"Jack, Jack, you need to breathe.\" Ryan told her kindly as she began to hypervenhylate. Tears were falling freely and she couldn't speak. \"Jack, is there someone you can call, someone who can be here with you? I can't stay. Is there someone you can call?\" Ryan asked. Jack thought. Ryan couldn't stay, they needed him back at the station. Jack nodded and numbly stood and walked over to a pay phone. Ryan paid for her and she dialed a number. \"Norman?\" She asked when he picked up. Ryan had left the moment she was on the phone, already spending too much time at the hospital. \"Norman, Don's in the hospital. I don't know if he's going to be ok.\" Jack was crying and Norman could hear it in her voice. He promised to be there as soon as possible. \"Norman, he was in a crash.\" She choked out and Norman had to pause. He had heard about Jack's crash years ago. His heart hurt that she hd to go through this again. \"Norman, I don't know if he's going to be ok.\" She cried. Normn assured her he would make it. He had been through worse. Norman was at the hospital as soon as he could. He entered the hallway after a nurse pointed him n the right direction. He saw Jack, tears still falling freely, talking to a doctor. The man put a hand on her shoulder and looked at her grimly before walking away. Jack turned to see Norman and ran to him. He opened his arms and hugged her. He was a few inches shorter than him and he hugged her, trying to be comforting. He had to fight the tears in his own eyes that threatened to fall. \"Norman, he was in an accident. Norman I don't know if he's going to be ok.\" She cried. Norman tried to comfort her and she stepped back. \"He's out of surgery and they won't let me see him. They won't let me see him yet. What if I lose him, Norman?\" She asked and looked up at the boy. \"Hey, he's out of surgery, right?\" Norman asked and grabbed her shoulders. She wiped her eyes and nodded. \"Did they say there was any reason for him not to recover?\" Jack shook her head. \"But he flat lined. I heard it, I heard them say it. I thought I lost him once, Norman I don't know if I can do it again.\" She told him, referring to his first night in Germany. \"Hey, he got through that right? He'll get through this. We're in a hospital, they have all the equipment and doctors they need. He'll be ok.\" He told her gently. She nodded and tried to breathe. She put her hands on her hips and closed her eyes, looking down. They both stood there, waiting. Jack began to slowly pace the width of the hallway and Norman sat down and bounced his leg. It had been suggested that the two go home but neither did. They had been assured he was expected to make a full recovery, much to their relief but Jack refused to leave until she could see him. The doctor wouldn't let her see him until Don woke up. Jack decided she would stay until DON woke up, much to the doctor's disapproval. Norman wanted to stay as well, for both of them. It was late in the evening when Don woke up. The doctor asked if he was up for visitors yet and Don couldn't help but be amused. Of course the two would be there. The doctor found the two sitting in chairs, leaning against each other and sleeping. \"Excuse me.\" HE said firmly, waking the two. \"Sergeant Collier is awake. I will allow you two to see him for a short while if you promise to go home after.\" HE stated firmly. Jack and Norman nodded before standing and following the doctor to Don's room. Norman had to give her a gentle push into the room. She almost couldn't bring herself to go in. Don was in his bed. The bed was adjusted so he could sit up. He looked relaxed and turned to look at them as they entered. His head was wrapped in gauze, having a slight head wound. One of his arms was in a sling and his leg was in a cast. They also learned he had several broken ribs. On had punctured a lung and that was why he was in surgery. Overall, he was banged up, but going to be ok. \"Oh, my God.\" Jack breathed and walked over to the bed. The doctor left. She gently placed her hands on his face and kissed him, tears falling again. He smiled gently to her and kissed her back. She looked at him, trying to be firm. \"I am so mad at you.\" She said and rubbed her thumb over a bruise on his cheek gently. He smiled at her. \"Good to see you, too.\" He said quietly and Jack smiled slightly. He looked at her. She was a wreck and had no coat. Her makeup had ran and she looked exhausted. \"I see you dragged Norman in.\" He said and Jack sat in the chair next to his bed, holding his good hand. Jack sniffed. \"Ryan told me to call someone. They weren't sure if you were going to make it. Oh, Don, you flat lined.\" She told him and tears kept falling. \"Don, I thought I was going to lose you again.\" He smiled comfortingly at her and put his hand on her cheek, wiping away some of the tears. \"Hey, hey. Shh. Does it look like I'm gone yet?\" He asked her gently. \"I'm right here, Jack.\" He told her and she nodded. He turned to Norman. \"Looks like we got to see you today after all.\" He told Norman. The kid laughed gently and Jack sighed audibly at her fiancé. He just smiled at her. Norman smiled at both of them, letting relief wash over him. According to Don, the man didn't run the light. He had tried to stop but the road was so slippery he slid. Don should have had more injuries if the man hadn't tried to stop. Don kept his hand on her face, holding it gently. When he spoke, it was quiet and Norman couldn't help but remember the night in the tank when he was bleeding out. Gentle but weary. At least this time they knew he would recover. Before long, the doctor kicked the two out and Jack let Norman stay on their couch at her and Don's place. It was closer than the campus. Norman fell asleep quickly but Jack felt wrong sleeping in the bed without him. She felt empty and feared her would slip away in the night. He didn't and wouldn't but she still worried. Jack called Betty the next day. Jack made sure betty knew he was ok and told her that Don would have to stay in the hospital for a while. Betty was relieved to hear everyone was ok and she and her husbanded decided to return home early. Betty went straight for the hospital and met Jack and Don. Jack was there as often as she could be during his recovery. When Jack was home, Don had asked Betty to stay with Jack. Don didn't want her alone for too long. Betty and Jack spent their days off together and Jack was alone during the nights. Norman stopped by often, both to the apartment and to the hospital. Ryan stopped by when he could as well. When Don was finally released, he had to get a cane to help with his leg. Jack babied him and hardly let him alone. Don couldn't help but laugh at her concern. Everyone got out of the event alive and ok. It was going to take a lot more than a little car accident to kill Don. Norman had informed the rest of the Fury crew and Boyd made the trip to visit and check up on everyone. He was in a high enough position at work that he could leave at the drop of a hat for emergencies. Gordo and Grady were too far away and needed at work. Hey enjoyed Boyd's brief visit but it was brief. He had to get back home to his wife and back to work. Boyd had also brought good news with him. Dolores was pregnant. That new brought everyone's mood back up and soon they were able to continue on as normal. Don had to take it slower but he continued on. Around February, Betty insisted Jack begin focusing on the wedding again. Jack had refused for a while, wanting to make sure Don was taken care of. Betty gave her until February. Betty and Don convinced Jack to take a day and go look at bridesmaid dresses. It took a lot of convincing. Jack and betty eventually settled on a pretty pale green color. They would have to make sure the groomsmen's tuxes matched. Don was in charge of making sure those monkeys were ready. Norman's was easy. He just had to wear a normal tux. After the November scare was over and Don was almost fully recovered, the mood had once again shifted to the happy excited mood. They were back to planning the wedding. Some how Jack's nightmares did not return. When Don came home, she was finally able to fall asleep, felling like everything was finally right when she was lying next to him. The months flew past in a blur and before Jack knew it, August had sprung up. They had a month before the wedding. Almost everything was planned, they just needed to set up. The wedding was set for mid-september. Early August, Don decided to give the boys of Fury a call and have them come in didn't bother to tell Jack. Figured it would surprise her. They arrived a month before the wedding, making sure they all arrived at the same time. Norman wasn't with them. His sister was arriving that day as well and he was waiting for her at the train station. The men arrived early in the morning. Don opened the door for them, still in his pajamas which was just pajama pants. He was shirtless. \"Come on in boys. Breakfast is almost ready.\" He told them and they came in. He let them drop their stuff in the living room. Jack was still blissfully unaware of the men in her home and slept away peacefully. Boyd sat at their table while Gordo and Grady just stood, leaning against the walls. \"Where's Jack?\" Boyd asked. Don just smirked and pointed down the hall. \"You boys can go ahead and wake her up.\" Don said. \"She needs to be up anyway. Norman and his sister should be here soon.\" \"The broad from the picture?\" Grady asked, sharing a look with Gordo. \"Watch yourself with that one Coo-ass. she could give Jack a run for her money.\" Don warned. He wasn't too concerned. Despite his rough exterior and upbringing, Grady did have some basic understanding of manners. He ignored them most of the time but would bring them up every now and then. Besides, with Renee and Jack in the same room together, Grady wouldn't stand a chance. Grady and Gordo snuck down the hall into their room where Jack was sleeping. She was on her stomach and her hair was a mess. She had no idea what was coming. Grady and Gordo snuck up to the bed, shared a look and shouted before both jumping onto the bed on either side of Jack. \"Wake the fuck up!\" Grady hollered and landed next to Jack whose eyes snapped open. She tried to sit up but both men had made her lose her balance. She yelled, startled. \"Time to get up, man! Your boys are here!\" Gordo yelled over her shouting. She glared and groaned, lying back down and covering her face with a pillow. Then she remembered they weren't supposed to be there. Grady and Gordo laughed at her as she tried to hit them with the pillow, shouting at them to get out and asking why they were there early. Grady laughed and grabbed her, throwing her over his shoulder. She beat at his back. \"Put me on the fucking ground, Coon-ass or so fucking help me I'll fucking rip your head off!\" She yelled as he carried her down the hall. She could hear Boyd laughing with Don. \"You're right, Norman.\" Renee commented. \"She can swear like a sailor.\" She laughed. Her and Norman had arrived at the same time she was being dragged out of bed. Jack was set on the ground and she spun, not expecting Renee to be their either. She hadn't realized she had slept in so late. She began to panic. There was no way Renee was ready to meet the group or see how they were. Jack tried to speak but found no words. Her faced flushed red and the men laughed. Norman smiled at her and Renee laughed as well. Don came up behind her and kissed her cheek. \"Good morning.\" He said and looked at her from the side. \"Hu.\" She breathed, still unable to speak. He handed her a mug of coffee and lead her to a seat. He kissed her temple and went back to making breakfast. Jack looked around at the smiling men around her and the smiling Renee. Her mouth was still open and she was unable to speak. \"Jack, It's ok. I was an army nurse, remember?\" Renee told her. \"Oh yeah? Where you stationed?\" Grady challenged, not really believing her. He leaned against the door frame next to Gordo, across from Norman and Renee. \"Pearl Harbor first, then a base in California.\" She told him a small smile on her face. \"They moved me to California after the Japanese attacked. I was still in training.\" She watched as the smiles of the men around her fell into expressions of awe. She was there for Pearl Harbor. Norman snorted and Don smiled. Jack was still in shock. Renee smiled sweetly at the expressions. \"I'm Renee by the way, Norman's sister.\" She introduced herself. The men shook her hand and introduced themselves. Grady was still stunned. She smiled innocently and shook his hand more firmly than with Gordo and Boyd. Grady smirked at her, impressed. To most in the room, it looked as if they were trying to stare each other down. Norman knew she was sizing him up. She was interested. Norman stepped forward to pull her away but Jack stood suddenly, knocking her chair over. All attention was on her as she spun. Don turned to face her with a smug smile. He wondered how long it was going to take her to find her voice. \"You asshole!\" She yelled at him. \"You brought them here!\" She yelled and Don tried so hard not to laugh. Grady dropped Renee's hand and grunted, picking up a shouting Jack. \"I'm going to murder you!\" She growled at Grady. \"Put me down! Hey!\" She shouted as Grady set her down in the bathroom and closed the door. He laughed to himself as he held the door shut. Jack pounded on the door and swore loudly, demanding he open the door. Gordo walked back there and laughed with Grady. \"Hey, man! C'mon, shouldn't you be glad to see us?\" Gordo teased. They could hear her shouting and banging on the door. \"I DO NOT enjoying being attacked in my own bed!\" She yelled and pounded on the door. \"Next time give me A LITTLE FUCKING WARNING YOU ASSHOLES!\" She yelled. Grady kept holding the door shut and he and Gordo laughed quietly as she hit the door. \"Hey, man. Don't break the door.\" Gordo teased and the door lurched dangerously. This caught Don's attention. \"Hey, now.\" He called down the hall. \"Don't break my fucking door.\" He said teasingly to her. This just pissed her off more and she began to shout at him as well. Boyd just sat at the table and read their newspaper. Dolores was still home, wanting to give Boyd a chance to catch up with his war buddies. Plus she still had work. Boyd tried to convince her to come with, but she was stubborn. \"do they always do this to her?\" Renee asked Norman quietly, laughing. Norman sighed and smiled, nodding at his sister. She laughed. \"Oh, poor girl.\" She said and moved to go help shoo the men away from the door. Norman stopped her. \"Renee,\" He started but Renee rolled her eyes at her baby brother. \"Norman, I'm a grown woman. I can handle these two.\" She told him and walked down the hall. Norman shot a slight glare at Boyd who was laughing quietly. Don began plating food and set a place out for Jack when they released her from the bathroom. He set a plate infront of Boyd. \"Don't worry about her Norman. She seems like a strong girl.\" Boyd told him. Norman sighed. \"I know, but\" \"But she's your sister.\" Don finished for him, handing him a plate. \"Norman, don't worry about it.\" He said and lit a cigarette. \"What can happen in a month?\" Boyd just looked at Don and raised his eyebrows. Boyd saw exactly what could happen in a month. Don met his look and understood. Boyd kept his mouth shut and hid behind the paper. Norman missed the interaction. Renee walked down the hall smoothly towards Gordo and Grady who were laughing at Jack nearly breaking the door. She was swearing worse than any sailor Renee has had to work with and Renee had to laugh. \"Oh shit.\" Grady laughed as Jack kicked the door. \"She really pissed now.\" \"I'd hate to see what she does if you make her break it down.\" Renee commented and the two men looked at her. She smiled sweetly. \"Let the poor girl out.\" She said and eased her hand over the door knob, moving Grady's off it. It was a smooth, firm movement and Grady didn't even realize she had eased his hand off the door. \"Jack?\" She called softly. \"Jack, it's me. Please don't kick the door.\" She teased as she pushed it open. Jack looked ready to kill nd Renee had to laugh as she brought the poor girl into a hug, greeting her properly. \"Good morning.\" Renee greeted with a soft laugh. Jack hummed and glared at the two men over Renee's shoulder. The moment Renee let Jack go and step to the side, Jack shoved Grady into the wall and the tall man laughed. Gordo had left once Renee came down the hall. Renee just watched Jack attack Grady. Jack had shoved him against the wall and the two struggled. Jack tried to knock him on the floor where she would have the upper hand but Grady kept them upright. Don had walked silently down the hall and Grabbed Jack around the waist and picked her up. He held her close and carried her away and once reached the kitchen, spun her around gently. \"Come on, Jack. Come eat something.\" He said to her quietly and kissed her temple, seating them both with her on his lap. Her face was still slightly flushed and she grabbed her mug and leaned back against him. \"Fucking lucky I didn't rip their heads off.\" She muttered. Grady walked by and poked her neck. \"Love bite.\" He said as he walked by. Jack swatted at him but missed. Renee walked past and smacked him for her. The women shared smug grins. Grady just stared at the two and rubbed his face. He was slightly worried but more intrigued. He grinned and walked over to Renee and stood next to her as they got food. They started talking and Norman watched them, worried. \"You do have one.\" Don said and leaned his head on her shoulder. \"Hurry up and eat, we have to go introduce them to Betty.\" He told her and made her pick up her plate. \"We are not subjecting Betty to them!\" She told him. \"Betty knows. You're the only one who didn't know.\" Don told her and grunted when she elbowed him gently. \"It's good to see you, Jack.\" Boyd said to her, smiling softly. \"It's good to see you too, Bible.\" She said to him with a smile. Bible smiled back at her. As much grief as she gave Gordo and Grady, she was glad to see them again. She also noticed how Grady and Renee were getting pretty comfortable with each other. She thought on that for a while. She caught Boyd's eye after watching Grady and Renee and he nodded at her slightly with a smirk. Jack suppressed a smile and ate her food. This was going to be a good few weeks. Let me know what you guys think.[Chapter 21] Arms, Christina Perry Jack had decided she would wear pants that day, tired of wearing skirts and dresses. And with her boys in town, it was probably a better idea to wear pants anyway. They were a light grey and she matched them with a light blue blouse. She fixed her hair and put on makeup and was ready to go. She fiddled with her ring. She loved it. The ring itself would bring her comfort. The ring reminded her of Don, and Don meant home. Jack was relieved to see that Grady and Gordo could behave in a social setting. Jack noticed that Grady seemed particularly subdued when Renee was around and it made her smile. She wasn't the only one who watched the two interact and shared small smiles of mischief with a few others. \"So did you pick out your dress, yet?\" Renee asked. They had all sat outside to enjoy the sun. Jack was leaned back in her seat with a glass of lemonade. She smiled and nodded. \"It's beautiful and I can't wait to show you. It's actually here to make sure Don doesn't see it.\" Jack told her. \"Maybe you can convince Betty to show you.\" Jack smiled at Renee. \"Absolutely not. It's going to be a surprise.\" Betty stated firmly, sipping her own drink. Jack had to laugh and then she turned to Don who sat next to her. \"Were you able to get these monkeys some tuxes?\" She asked teasingly. \"Hey, man. Who you callin' a monkey?\" Gordo asked trying to suppress a smile. Jack stuck her tongue out at him in her amazing maturity. \"I'm surprised they got ya in fucking dresses.\" Grady chuckled at Jack and he and Gordo started to laugh. \"The fuck is that supposed to mean?\" She asked accusingly, letting her language slip back to swearing. Gordo and Grady laughed harder. She turned and saw Don starting to laugh about as well. He tried to stop when she glared at him but couldn't. \"Don't encourage them!\" She hissed. \"It means you're just as much of a monkey as the rest of us.\" Norman explained with a small smile and Jack glared at him before rolling her eyes. Don was leaned back in his chair and laced his fingers with Jack's. Conversation was light and fun. Most of the time, it was the war friends catching up and reminiscing about the good times in the war, like the Christmas Jack decorated the tank. Jack had the picture in her purse and pulled it out to show Renee and Betty. Betty kept David, her son near by for the most part but let him go play in the yard. They had a small dog that he ran around with. Someone brought up Jack singing to them, much to her dismay. Betty and Renee seemed excited and Grady and Gordo tried to get her to sing. She refused. \"Norman plays the piano.\" Don brought up. Jack was surprised. \"Norman, you play?\" She asked. The men from her tank were surprised she didn't know. \"Hey played on his first night.\" Don reminded her their first night. \"When we were in the apartment.\" Jack thought back on it. She remembered the first night Norman was there, but didn't remember being in a building. \"You mean after we took that town?\" She asked and they assured her it was then. \"Oh. I wasn't with you boys for that. I was getting into a fight with Daniel.\" She reminded them. Everyone remembered. \"Renee was taught Violin while in France.\" Norman brought up. Renee nearly choked on her drink. \"Norman!\" She hissed and began to speak to him in French. \"You do.\" He pointed out. \"You're good.\" He told her. Renee leaned back in her seat. She was incredibly shy when it came to playing. Grady picked up on it. \"Shoulda brought a violin with ya. Could have played for us.\" He teased and Renee glared at him. \"I actually have one. It's old and needs tuning but it works.\" Betty said standing. \"I'll go get it. Maybe you three could sing something for us.\" She suggested. Renee tried to tell her not to go and blushed a light shade of pink. Norman didn't mind, he like the piano, it was calming. Jack groaned and tossed her head back. \"I hate all of you.\" She grumbled. Don smiled at her and brought her hand to his mouth, kissing it. Renee was sitting, stunned and fearful with a blush on her face. Norman tried not to laugh at the two women. Betty returned quickly and handed it to Renee. She sighed and took the case, opening it. The Violin was old but beautiful. The strings were newer. She began to tune it. Conversation continued and Renee tuned the violin in the background. Grady watched her. Grady actually found it difficult to talk to her. He didn't know what to say. That frustrated him, he never had a problem talking to women before. But Renee was something different. He wanted to impress her, show that there was more to him besides a dirty mechanic. Around noon, Betty pulled out some sandwiches for the group. Renee had put the instrument back in the case and hoped no one noticed. The conversation had drifted back to wedding plans. Renee was asking about the reception. Don and Betty took over explaining what was going to happen at the reception and answered their questions. Jack's attention drifted over the group and landed on Grady who was leaning forward and resting his arms on his knees. He would look over to Renee and smile a bit. Jack thought it was adorable, her big tough Grady falling for Norman's sister. Jack began to sip her drink and pondered an idea. She wanted to somehow put Renee near Grady for that reception, maybe make Grady ask Renee to dance. Jack nearly spat out her drink in surprise and ended up coughing instead. Don rested a hand on her back as she caught her breathe back. She started to laugh. \"What's so funny?\" Boyd asked her. She waved her hadn and tried to get her breath back. \"I just remembered something.\" She said while still trying not to laugh. \"Care to share what you remembered?\" Don asked her and she kept laughing quietly. \"We have to teach Grady how to dance!\" She told him. Boyd and Gordo laughed. Grady glared at Jack. Don smirked and Betty was just confused. \"I thought you danced with him in Germany and taught him then.\" Betty told her. Jack was laughing and shook her head. \"We were all completely trashed. Well, I was. I don't know how drunk Grady was.\" She said and turned to Don. \"I have to teach him sober this time.\" She laughed and Norman snorted. \"fuck you, man.\" Grady mumbled at Jack and she kept laughing quietly. \"Oh, don't be such a grouch. I'm a much better teacher when I'm sober.\" Jack defended herself. \"I'm sure you are. You don't trip over yourself so much when you're not drinking.\" Boyd commented. \"Oh, shut up. Or do you want to teach him?\" Jack teased. She looked at Grady. \"Don't worry, you have a month to learn. You'll be fine.\" She assured him. He just glared at her and she sipped her drink. A small while after lunch, Don suggested he take the boys to get settled into their motel. There was a change of plans because they arrived a month early. There was a motel that offered long term arrangements. It would be cheaper than a hotel and the boys would have more room than trying to cram them into someone's room. The motel had little separate cottages that could fit up to four people. The owner was Ryan's father, so of course Don got a discount. \"Don, I'm going to stay here and help these two get settled in.\" Jack told him, not standing. Don nodded. \"Alright. I will swing back over and pick you up afterwards.\" He told her. Jack stood and gave him a hug and a kiss, telling him to be safe. She tended to worry a bit more when he drove because of the accident. For about a week after he was well enough to drive, she insisted she ride with him. Not that she could do much if they got into another accident, but she worried. Boyd walked over and gave her a hug, telling her it was good seeing her again. Gordo picked her up off the ground and she laughed. Grady just gave her a bone crushing hug. They bid fair well to Renee, Betty and Norman and left. Renee had escaped playing. But she did not escape Betty and Jack. The two could be intimidating. The moment the men left (except Norman), Betty and Jack shared knowing smirks and turned to look at Renee. \"Let's get you two settled in.\" Betty said to Norman and Renee. Norman was staying for only the night. He still lived in his dorm during the winter and summer breaks. \"Norman, is the couch going to be ok, sweetie?\" Betty asked as she walked down the hall. \"Don't worry about him, Betty!\" Jack called. \"He'll be fine. He slept on our couch once.\" Jack and Norman were cleaning dishes and putting away food. \"So how were your classes, Norman?\" Jack asked. \"Did you get your classes for next semester?\" She asked. Norman smiled and told her about his classes. He didn't mind she asked so many questions. He would have peers who would complain about their parents always checking in. For Norman, it was a miracle if his mother even spoke to him at this point. She paid the tuition and called on holidays, but was still upset at him. Jack asking him about his classes and time at University was nice. He knew Jack and Don were there for him and it was comforting to know. Moving to such a busy place was so different than back home and adjusting was a challenge. On top of that, he had trouble sleeping for a while from nightmares about Germany. \"You find a lady yet?\" Jack asked teasingly and Norman clammed up and began stuttering. Jack gasped and smiled brightly. \"No!\" She exclaimed. \"Who is she and how come you haven't told me yet?\" Jack asked, smiling brightly and waving a dish towel at Norman who was laughing. \"No one. No I haven't-\" Norman started. \"Oh, you are such a bad liar!\" Jack laughed. \"What on earth is going on?\" Betty asked smiling. Renee walked in behind her, covering her mouth , trying to hide a smile. Jack wrapped an arm around Norman. \"Norman has a lady friend!\" Jack exclaimed. Renee's jaw dropped and Betty laughed. Renee and Jack began firing off questions. Betty could see the poor boy was drowning in their questions and sighed softly, smiling at the three. Jack had been doing so much better these past few months. She had a healthy glow to her and looked well rested. Jack smiled brightly and laughed often, radiating goodness and light like a fresh breath of spring air. Betty was glad Don had found her. Jack was good for Don and Don was good for her. Jack needed some one firm in her life. She needed a strong person to help keep her grounded. Jack needed stability after her world was ripped out from under her. Don needed someone positive in his life. He had been in dark Germany for so long. Jack's bright smile and lively attitude had started to bring back the Don Betty knew best. But Betty also knew the two would never be the same as who they were before they left for Germany. \"Jack, come try on your dress. I want to make sure it still fits.\" Betty said and the two women stopped hounding the poor boy for answers. Renee pushed Jack out of the kitchen and Betty linked her arm with Jack's. \"Norman, I'll have her come out and show you, too.\" She said with a wink. Norman smiled at the three women who disappeared down a hall. In Betty's room, Jack sat at the vanity, waiting for Betty to bring her the dress and Renee stood near her. Betty laid the bag on her bed and unzipped it. Jack walked over and grabbed the dress and headed to the bathroom to change. She left the door slightly open so she could talk through it. \"So you are interested in Grady?\" Jack asked as she began to take off her clothes. She heard Renee startle and Betty laugh gently. \"Is it really that obvious?\" Renee asked. \"You were trying to hide it?\" Jack teased. She slipped into the dress and stepped back into the room. \"Don't worry, Grady is clueless-\" She started. \"Jack you look amazing! It's such a beautiful dress!\" Renee told her. Jack looked back down at her dress. She loved this dress. Betty was smiling at her and handed her the simple white heels to wear with the dress. Jack slipped them on and looked at the full length mirror with a smile. \"Thank you.\" She told Renee, letting the Grady topic go. \"Let's go show Norman. Poor boy has been alone for too long.\" \"I think he is fine with being alone. You two throwing questions at him so quickly.\" Betty teased. The three women found him in the living room, playing on the piano. He was playing Someone to Watch Over Me. David was sitting on the couch quietly. \"You're very good, Norman.\" Betty told him quietly. He msiled at her over his shoulder and stopped when he saw Jack. He stood and smiled at her. He walked across the room. \"Wow, that's a really good dress on you.\" He told her she smiled and she mussed up his hair. \"You're sweet, Norman.\" She tells him. \"David, how do I look?\" She asks, turning to the boy on the couch and smiling. He bounces in his seat and smiles. \"Jack looks like a cloud!\" He says and the four adults laugh. \"Jack's a cloud!\" He tells them. Norman looked at the dress. It was beautiful and simple. It suited Jack. It was a simple, A-line with a slight flare and the dress stopped mid calf. The shoulders and short sleeves were made of white lace and had a floral design and a small collar. The dress had thick, round buttons going down the front. Norman's smile slowly faded when he saw her scars. It was completely gone when he saw the scaring on her leg. Jack saw him looking and gave him a small smile. \"I'm not going to hide them. I earned them, I am going to be proud of them.\" She told him firmly. \"I know you were shot, but I am curious as to what happened to your leg.\" Renee asked her. Jack had told Betty when they first went dress shopping. \"There was a fire in my first tank and I was stuck in it. I had gotten gasoline on my pants and the fire began to burn my leg. It was put out quick enough, but it scarred. They almost shipped me home.\" Jack explained. \"Who many tanks did you work in again?\" Norman asked, not hearing about the other ones too often. \"Only three. The first one was where I met Daniel. They were a good group of guys. The second tank was a bunch of stick in the muds. They were assholes.\" She said and Betty laughed. \"Let's get you out of the dress before something happens to it.\" Renee suggested and the three went back to the bedroom, Renee asking questions about Jack's planned make up, hair and Jewelry. Betty answered for Jack. Jack liked watching the two women interact. \"Man, you in love.\" Gordo teased and Grady threw his boot at the man. It hit Gordo and Boyd laughed at them. \"Hey, you put any holes in the wall, you pay for it.\" Don warned, sitting in a chair that was in the corner. Boyd had dropped his stuff in the second room and they congregated in Gordo and Grady's room. It was simple. There were two beds, two night stands, a picture on the wall and a chair in the corner, next to a dresser. There was a closet in one wall and the two hung their tuxes there. \"Don't fight it, man. You gotta tell her!\" Gordo told Grady. \"I ain't gonna tell her shit,\" He said firmly. \"And don't you go tellin' her either!\" \"Why not?\" Boyd asked Grady. \"It's 'bout time you boys start thinkin' about settlin' down.\" Boyd told them as he munched on an apple. \"Make honest me of ya.\" \"Maybe Renee can keep him in line.\" Don said to Boyd jokingly. \"Man, fuck you, Top.\" Grady mumbled. Don and Boyd laughed quietly. \"Man, why don't you tell her?\" Gordo asked, frustrated with his friend's stubbornness. \"The fuck is that gonna do? You really think some educated broad's gonna get with me? Gonna wanna start some family or some shit? Man, you know me, and you know I ain't no fuckin' family man!\" Grady told him. \"Not with that mouth, you're not.\" Don said quietly and Grady heard. \"Grady, whether you think you are a family man or not, isn't the question. Everything happens for a reason and God makes things happen at his own pace, whether we want it to or not. Maybe this is your time to start thinkin' about becoming a family man or what you believe that is.\" Boyd said from his place. \"Thank you for that insight, Bible.\" Don said as he sighed through his nose. \"at least get to know the girl. You may something you like. You might like her enough to wanna stick around.\" \"Yeah, man. Ask her to dinner or something.\" Gordo urged. \"I just fucking met her!\" Grady hollered. Boyd and Don were just watching the two, laughing. It was nice having everyone together again, seeing everyone again. They were all gathered form something beautiful and happy instead of war and carnage. It was a nice change. After Don made sure the boys were settled in and Grady wasn't going to kill anyone, Don bid them good bye and left to pick up Jack. Renee had settled in well and was pleased to see the four adults getting along so well. After a while, Jack and Don left to return to their own apartment. Jack changed into a dress and the two went out for dinner, getting a chance to enjoy each other's company. The two were even able to go to the cinema. It was a nice quiet evening, calm and just the two of them. They got back to the apartment after the movie and it had started to rain. A thunderstorm was rolling in and they could hear the thunder. The lights in the apartment flickered and the two froze, waiting to see if the lights would go out. After a few seconds of silence Jack began to laugh and Don smiled at her. he pulled her close and kissed her gently. She smiled and kissed him back, bringing her hands up to his shoulders. He broke the kiss and rested his forehead on hers. They stood there, breathing, smiling. \"I love you.\" He whispered. She whispered it back and they began to sway back and forth. Jack smiled. \"Are we dancing now?\" She teased and looked at him. He straightened up and took her hands in his. DOn smiled and they began to dance slowly in their kitchen, the thunder and rain their music. After a while of dancing and kissing, the power did go out and Jack's laugh filled the small apartment. SHe let out a small squeal of laughter when Don picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. She was still laughing when he kissed her. He loved her laugh. he loved how she sighed when he kissed her neck, the way she dug her nails into his skin when he nipped gently, the way her body moved with his. The two lay in his bed, her head on his chest, listening to his heart beat as he played with her hair. The storm continued outside and rain hit the window. Jack closed her eyes and hummed. The air had been off for a short while and the apartment was already starting to get humid and thick from the summer air. Don's hand left her hair and began to trace her scars on her shoulder softly. Jack sighed and grabbed his hand, stilling it. She didn't want him to start thinking about the scars again. The two fell asleep like that for a while as the storm raged on and eventually faded away. they were startled awake around two thirty in the morning when all of the lights turned on. Jack sat up and looked around as her eyes adjusted. Don groaned and got out of bed and pulled his pajama pant on over his boxers. \"The fuck..\" Jack mumbled, not understanding what happened. \"Power is on. Go back to bed.\" Don told her as he left the room to start turning lights off. He came back within seconds to see Jack lying down on her side, already back to sleep. He stopped and smiled at her before he turned off the light and climbed in behind her. He pressed a gentle kiss to the nape of her neck and she hummed. So she was still partially awake. His arms wrapped around her and pulled her closer to him. They fell back asleep quickly, neither enjoying being woken bu the sudden return of electricity. Don was awake first, as usual. He got up, made breakfast and coffee and brought it in to Jack. He set it on the nightstand and gently woke her. He put a gentle hand on her shoulder. \"Jack. Get up, I have food.\" He told her quietly. She rolled onto her back and opened her eyes, squinting at the light. \"Morning.\" She mumbled and let a hand wander up his bare arm. \"Time?\" She asked. Don smiled and leaned down and kissed her. Her hands met on the back of his neck and kept him from going to far away when he stopped to answer her question. \"Eight.\" He told her and she scowled. \"WHy?\" SHe asked. To her, eight was still early. DOn laughed at her softly and kissed her, climbing on top of her. She smiled into the kiss. He was being more affectionate than usual lately. one of his hands wandered under her slip and rested on her waist. His mouth moved from hers and down her neck. \"What's this for?\" SHe teased and ran her fingers through his hair. \"Food's getting cold.\" SHe told him quietly. Don brought his hands to frame her face and he looked at her. \"A way of apologizing for getting you up so early.\" he told her with a teasing smile and kissed her again. She laughed and he rolled off tot eh side as Jack sat up. Her hair was a mess and she had hickeys near her shoulder and on her neck. She would have to cover them with makeup. Don thought she looked beautiful. Jack caught him staring and rolled her eyes. \"Who knew, rough and hard Sergeant Collier would be such a sap.\" Jack teased and Don laughed, sitting up. He took her toast again and kissed her temple. He finished the toast quickly and got up and went to shower. Jack took her plate to the kitchen to finish eating. THe sun was out and there was barely any sign that a storm had rolled through the night before. Jack leaned back in her seat and enjoyed her breakfast. Everything was falling into place. Before Germany, she felt lost, like she had no place or purpose and no future. Turns out, going to Germany was the best thing to happen to her. SHe lost so much, yes, but she had gained so much as well. Jack was getting married, she had family and good friends. Everything was ok. She had all she could have ever wanted. SHe had her boys, she had her friends, she had a job, she had Don. It felt right and she felt something settle in her soul and Jack couldn't stop smiling. She was startled out of her musings when the phone rang. She stood and picked it up. \"Collier Residence.\" She said and listened. No one was on the line and Jack listened, waiting for someone to speak. \"hello?\" He asked but no one responded. SHe shrugged and hung up. Jack cleared her place and went to take a shower. DOn was already out and getting dressed. Don dropped Jack off at Betty's before getting the three men. He and Boyd were going to go get Boyd's car from the apartment before coming back over. When Jack walked in, she was glad they had a while until the boys came over. Renee looked exhausted and she wasn't dressed yet. SHe sat in her pajamas at the table, head in her hands while Betty made her something to eat. Norman walked in and nodded to Jack. She nodded back but was confused. \"Renee, are you alright?\" Jack asked and Renee's head snapped up. She looked tired. Renee offered a tired smile. \"Renee had a nightmare.\" Betty answered as she drank her coffee. \"Pearl Harbor, right?\" SHe asked and renee nodded. \"I get nightmares about it sometimes. It's not a big deal.\" Renee assured Jack and motioned for her to come sit with them as Norman had taken a seat. Little David and their dog came running in from outside and grabbed onto Betty's skirt. \"Mommy, look!\" He said and raised his hand to show her. Jack looked over and was clear across the room a the sight of a spider in the boy's hand. Betty was startled and yelped before bending down to David. Norman watched Jack, trying not to smile at her fear of spiders. \"David, why don't you go put it outside where it belongs.\" Betty suggested. \"Ok!\" David said and began to walk away. THen he saw Jack and wanted a hug and to show her what he found. \"Jack! Jack! Look what I found!\" He said nearing her. Jack backed into the living room. Norman laughed and stood. He picked up David and took him outside. David wouldn't let the spider go. Oddly enough, the spider didn't bit him and didn't seem to be trying to get away. After a while, Renee was dressed and the boys returned. Betty had breakfast waiting for them and they dug in. Betty laughed at their appetite. \"So, what are you planning on doing today?\" Betty asked. \"We were thinking about walking around the city, maybe see the Washington Monument.\" Jack told her. \"Would you like to go?\" She asked Betty. \"I can't. One of David's friends is having a birthday party. Perhaps we could all meet up for dinner.\" She suggested. Jack smiled and nodded. David had snuck back into the house with the spider and no one really noticed. Norman saw the little boy approaching Jack and Don, still holding the spider. His eyes widened and he tried to warn them, but David had walked over and dropped the spider in Jack's lap. \"Jack! Look!\" He told her and she looked down at her lap and stood screaming, trying to get it off her dress. It startled everyone at the table and David stood there confused as to why she was screaming. Once it was on the floor it began scurrying towards Jack and she left the room quickly, swearing. Betty and Renee covered their mouths, trying not to laugh. Norman and Don stood. Norman was going to help David catch the spider again and Don was going to try and bring Jack back to the room. Boyd and Gordo were laughing loudly and Grady was chuckling. \"is she really that scared of spiders?\" Renee asked Grady. Grady laughed louder. \"Yeah. When we were all in the medic tent, there was a huge fucking spider in her bed one night. It was fucking huge.\" He told Renee, trying to stop laughing. \"She fucking got on Don's bed and wouldn't use her own for a few days.\" He laughed out and Renee laughed, learning about Jack's fear of spiders. Norman had taken David and his spider friend outside. Betty got a shoe box so David could keep him for a bit. Jack refused to come back in the kitchen. The dishes were taken care of quickly and soon the group left for the city. They walked around and talked and had lunch. Someone had brought a camera and took pictures of everyone. Renee had come with them, much to Jack's excitement. When they walked around, Jack made sure to have Renee's arm linked with hers. Don walked next to Jack and Gordo and Boyd made sure that Grady was near Renee. Eventually, Jack discreetly let go for Renee who was too busy talking to Grady to notice. Jack and Don backed off and Boyd and Gordo were a head a bit. Norman stood next to Jack. Jack elbowed the boy, telling him to ease up. By the end of the day, they had ended up at Betty's house again to drop off Norman and Renee. Most went inside while Renee and Grady sat on the porch. Jack was heading outside with lemonades and stopped at the screen door. THe two were yelling at each other and Jack stepped out to break it up but stopped short at the end of the arguement and just stood there, shocked. \"So you'll be here at seven?\" Renee yelled accusingly as GRady began walking towards the door and Jack. He yelled to her over his shoulder. \"I'll fucking be here!\" HE yelled and stormed past Jack and into the house. SHe could hear him muttering. Jack looked back to Renee who was trying to hide a smile form Jack. Grady stormed into the house and past Norman. Grady stopped and spoke to him. \"Your fucking sister's a piece of work.\" He told him grumpily. Boyd over heard and called him out. \"What, she trick you into a date, GRady?\" Bible asked, being able to guess what had happened. Grady dropped himself onto the couch but Don stood. \"Don't make yourself comfortable, we're leaving.\" Don told him and grady grunted and stood again. Don said goodbye to his sister and JAck came back in and said goodbye as well. Norman came with them. Don and Jack dropped the three off at the motel first before driving Norman to his dorm. \"Norman, don't worry about your sister. She'll keep Grady in line.\" Jack told him. Norman sighed and Don smiled. \"Jack, did you like the man who married your sister?\" DOn asked. Jack thought on it. SHe hated him before they got married. \"Oh.\" She said and laughed. \"Don't worry Norman, he breaks her heart, I'll kick his ass.\" She teased. Norman laughed quietly at her and they came up to the dorm. \"You need anything, just call, alright?\" She asked him. Norman nodded and bid them good night. Don and Jack drove away. Jack thought they were going home but Don had a better idea. HE drove them out of the city and Jack frowned. DOn smiled. \"It's a surprise.\" He told her and kept driving. The sun was setting as they left the city. He took them to a park that was high up in the hills. It was about an hours drive from the city and the sun was just about to disapear when he stopped the car and got out. Jack sat confused and he opened her door adn helped her out. They were parked on the side of the road and Don lead her to the other side where that had a beautiful view of the valley and area around them. It was beautiful with the setting sun. Don stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her and rested his chin on her head. The two stood there in a comfortable silence, watching the sun disapear and watching the stars. Jack smiled and looked at the hundreds of thousands of sparkling lights littering the sky. \"It's beautiful.\" She whispered and Don hummed behind her. Jack just now noticed that Don had left the car's radio on. It was playing loud enough for them to hear and Don gently spun her to look at him and took her hand in his. He lead them in a slow, calm dance and Jack was smiling. SHe leaned her head on his chest and let him lead. SHe couldn't help but to laugh softly when Don had begun to sing along with the music. He was so quiet JAck was almost unable to hear him. She lifted her head and looked at him as they spun. Jack began to sing with him and he smiled softly at her. Jack and Don danced for a while longer, enjoying their own private world before they began the hour long drive back. SHe fell asleep on the way back and Don carried her inside. She had woken up but let him carry her. He set her down and he opened the door. The two changed into pajamas and fell asleep, listening to each other breathe. Jack was home and they were safe. Everything was perfect. Sorry it is so short, just wanted something to let you guys know I am still alive. I changed my profile pic to Jack's dress. I found it on pinterest, it is not mine and it is not my picture. let me know what you thinkn. go back nd reread the whole story because i went back to teh first chapter and almost started crying, my babies have grown so much and come so far. *sniff* they have had it too good for too long, someone must die. Jk no I wont kill anyone, I'm not that mean. But there will be drama. dun dun dun.[Chapter 22] Not gonna lie, I actually forgot about this story for a bit. Sorry. Didn't mean to make you guys wait so long. Sadly, Jack and Don both had work the next day. Their days went by quickly and Don picked Jack up from the library. She climbed into the car and gave him a kiss hello. Don drove them home. The two cooked dinner together and had a nice quiet night to themselves. It had been so busy lately with the boys in town that they just wanted some time together. Boyd had let Grady borrow his car or the date. Bible and Gordo were going to stay at the motel. Boyd had some paperwork he had to do and Gordo was just going to sleep and watch tv. Norman was actually out with a few friends from his University. They were out drinking. Renee was waiting on Betty's porch when Grady arrived. He walked up to the step and stopped when he saw her. She was wearing a beautiful mint green dress and wore red lipstick. Her hair was curled simply. She looked beautiful. Renee took in his appearance. He was clean shaven ad he wore a suit. He cleaned up well. \"Well, aren't you just pretty as a picture.\" Grady teased and Renee leaned against the pole on the porch. She smiled. \"You don't look to shabby yourself.\" She told him. Grady grinned and held out his arm. Renee walked down the steps and linked her arm with his. He brought her to the car and opened the door for her. Seeing Grady with manners was something else. It was slightly surprising. He could behave himself in public, yes, but to be a total gentleman was slightly shocking. \"So, where to?\" Renee asked. Grady looked at her, \"Figured we could go see a movie and get some dinner. How's that sound?\" He asked her, slightly unsure if it was what she wanted to do. Renee smiled gently. \"That sounds perfect.\" She told him gently. \"But, I'm choosing the restaurant.\" She teased. \"Then I'm picking the movie.\" Grady retorted with a teasing smile and he began to drive away. \"No, the times they offer pick the movie.\" Renee countered and Grady chuckled. In the dark theater, Grady had taken her hand. She squeezed it slightly and looked at him with that soft smile of hers and he felt himself relax. He had been bouncing his leg nervously. He was used to beign around women and getting laid and everything like that, but Renee was so much more than that. She was sweet, kind, understanding. But she was strong and stubborn and wouldn't back down from a challenge or argument until her point was made. Renee looked back at the movie and rested her head on Grady's shoulder. The two forgot about the popcorn. Something else that Grady had admired about her was the strength she had in herself. Renee was sure and confident in what she was able to do. She had worked as a war nurse in some of the bases during the war. She survived Pearl Harbor when she was just in training. Grady had been told how she had lost her fiancé during the attack and she still kept with her duties. She could understand them better than most could. Renee wasn't in Germany, but she was still part of the war. She had seen blood, gore, burning bodies, missing limbs. She saw her own hell and Grady respected her for that. After the movie, the two, still holding hands, left slowly and Renee lead them down a street to a restaurant they had passed on the way there. It was a small Italian place. It was a good choice. The food was amazing. Renee had a small glass of wine, but Grady didn't drink. He didn't want to be rude and lose his manners. He would drink later or another day. The two talked and avoided the topic of war. They talked about Norman and the two talked about how worried Norman was that they were on a date. They laughed. Renee told him embarrassing stories from growing up and Grady shared a few embarrassing stories from the war, leaving out the parts about any actual fighting. Renee laughed at her little brother's mishaps. At the end of the evening, the two found themselves on Betty's porch, saying goodbye. Grady was about to leave but stopped. He turned back to Renee who just looked at him oddly. \"Grady? Everything ok?\" She asked softly. Grady just looked at her for a moment before gently grabbing the sides of her face and kissing her. Renee was so startled she didn't know what to do. It was a quick and simple kiss and it was over before she could react. Grady let her go and smiled down at her stunned face as a blush crept over her features. She just stared at him. He tried so hard not to laugh. He chuckled and kissed her cheek before telling her goodnight. She just nodded, still stunned. Renee could hear him laughing all the way back to the car. She didn't move until Grady drove away and Betty opened the door. \"Everything ok?\" Betty asked. Renee turned to face her and nodded. Betty laughed and opened the screen door. Renee was still blushing as she went inside. \"It went well I take it.\" Renee nodded. \"How'd it go, man?\" Gordo asked as Grady came into the room. Boyd had gone to his own room to get some sleep. \"You kiss her?\" Grady grinned and nodded. Gordo congratulated him and Grady laughed and sat. \"Man, she's somethin' special. I'm tellin' ya.\" He confessed. \"Man, you in love.\" Gordo teased and Grady laughed, not bothering to argue. \"Looks like everyone's gonna have to come up and visit us for a wedding too!\" \"Fuck you, man.\" Grady said almost laughing. Gordo shrugged. \"Poor Norman's gonna have you as a brother in law.\" Gordo said and leaned back on the bed. Grady let out a bark of laughter at the thought. Norman would have a heart attack. Grady changed into sleep wear and dropped onto the bed. His mind drifted to the date and Renee. She was beautiful in that dress and her smile was as bright as the sun. these were his thoughts as he fell asleep. The next morning the three woke and got ready for the day. Boyd asked him about the date and Grady told him about it as they got in the car and drove over. Everyone, save Jack and Don who had work, was meeting up at Betty's for breakfast. Norman was going to be there, too. Grady couldn't wait to see Renee again. The three men were sitting at the table with Renee and Betty. Food had been set in serving bowls and plates and everyone was beginning to serve themselves. David sat on Betty's lap as she put food on his plate. \"Norman is late.\" Renee commented. \"He's probably on his way.\" Boyd told her as he passed a bowl of scrambled eggs to Gordo. \"He's never late.\" Renee stated. \"Ever. If anything, he makes sure he's early.\" \"I wouldn't worry about him.\" Grady told her. \"Kid knows how to take care of himself. Probably overslept is all.\" Grady told her, trying to reassure her. She nodded her head and took a bit of sausage. Fifteen minutes later, Betty called to see if she could reach him. They had his dorm number. No one answered. They waited ten more minutes. \"I can drive over there, see if he's just sleeping. I believe he was out with some classmates last night.\" Boyd suggested. Renee looked at him and nodded. She was beginning to panic. Grady offered to go as well. Gordo was going to stay behind. Grady and Boyd found Norman's place empty. There was no note and everything looked to be in it's rightful place. His roommate was also gone. They asked around, seeing if anyone had seen Norman. No one had seen them since last night. Grady and Boyd went back to Betty's house. \"Should we call Don or Jack? Didn't they sign as a form of guardian?\" Renee asked. \"I don't know. They may not be able to help. I'm starting to wonder if we should report him as a missing person.\" Boyd suggested. Jack was walking around the library and putting books back on their shelves, humming to herself as she went. It was a quiet day as usual. Hellen was there and they agreed on going for lunch together. She heard the phone ringing at the reception desk and heard the woman working there answer it. Jack kept putting books on the shelf. High heels clicked their way across the wooden floors of the library and stopped at her aisle. She looked to see the receptionist, Judy, looking at her. \"Jackie, you have a call. It's Don.\" She told Jack. Worry went through Jack like a harsh wind. Was everything ok? Jack went to the desk and picked up the phone. \"Don? Is everything alright?\" She asked immediately. \"Yeah, hun. Everything's fine. Norman was supposed to meet everyone at my sister's for breakfast and he didn't show. Boyd gave me a call about an hour ago, letting me know Norman wasn't there. He wasn't at the campus either.\" Don began to explain. Jack was worried. How was this not an issue. \"Did they find him?\" She asked. Don didn't sound upset, if anything he was amused. He snorted slightly. \"Yeah. I called Ryan to see if he could look for him. Turns out, Norman and his buddies got themselves arrested.\" Don told her. She gasped. \"Yeah. Public intoxication.\" He told her, chuckling. Jack covered her mouth and tried not to laugh. \"Oh my word.\" She said quietly. \"Did you tell Betty?\" Don snorted. \"No. Haven't even picked him up yet. I was thinking of leaving him in there for a while.\" Don told her. Jack giggled. \"Don, you're horrible. But I can see what you mean.\" Jack said and paused. \"I am having lunch with Hellen. I can see if I can get someone to cover my afternoon shift and pick him up after lunch.\" Don chuckled. \"If you want. Do you want to borrow my car?\" He offered. \"No, I have enough for a cab. I'll see you at Betty's still, right? Aren't we all doing dinner again?\" She asked. \"Yeah. I'll see you there. Make sure Norman's cleaned up. And don't be too hard on the kid.\" Don said. Jack laughed quietly. \"Oh, I won't be. I just can't wait until the boys hear about this.\" Jack admitted. Don laughed, picturing their mixed reactions. Renee was going to have a fit. \"You wanna give them a call?\" Don asked. Jack assured him she did. They said their goodbyes and Jack hung up. She dialed in Betty's number. She picked up on the second ring. \"Hello?\" \"Betty? It's Jack. Do I have a story to tell you!\" She teased. \"Norman Edwards.\" A guard said to the cell of young men. There were about five. Three were still passed out. \"Someone is here to get you.\" The guard said and opened the cell. Norman stood and walked out. His head hurt and the lights made it worse. The guard chuckled. \"Sorry I had to lock all of you up. Next time, let the ones who are making trouble be. Just move on.\" He advised. Norman nodded and the man rested a firm hand on his shoulder and lead him out to the small lobby. Jack was standing there, signing papers when he walked in. She had a hard look on her face and her jaw was clenched shut. Norman swallowed. He's seen what Jack can do. Jack turned to look at him and he approached. \"Thank you officer.\" She told them. The one who lead Norman out bid her a good day. She grabbed him by the arm and tugged him outside. The two stood on the sidewalk, waiting for a cab in silence. Norman looked at Jack who was fighting back a smile. Norman looked at her oddly. Jack glanced at him and burst out laughing. \"You look like shit!\" She exclaimed and laughed. Norman just looked at her. \"You're not angry?\" He asked. She started laughing harder. \"No, Norman! You're a young man. You're going to do stupid things.\" She assured him. \"God, I can't believe you got fucking arrested for being drunk!\" She yelled and laughed harder. \"Oh, Grady and Gordo are going to be so disappointed. Did we teach you nothing about drinking?\" She teased. Norman started laughing softly. His head still hurt and he had to shield his eyes. \"I feel horrible. I don't even know what I was drinking.\" He admitted. Jack laughed harder and put a hand on his arm. \"We'll get you taken care of. I'm taking you to Betty's so we can get some food in you. Boyd went to your place and picked up some of your things. Don and I want you staying at our place or Betty's tonight. Don't want you getting into trouble with the school.\" Jack explained. \"What do you mean?\" Norman asked. Jack looked at him and had a smile on her face. A cab arrived and they climbed in. She gave the man Betty's address and they were off. \"Boyd and grady went to look for you at the school. No one had seen you and they had started to get worried. Don called Ryan and he was the one who told us what had happened. The school doesn't know. Don called them and told them you were simply staying with us for a few days.\" Jack explained. Norman looked at her, slightly surprised. One of the rules he has to follow is not get arrested. If that happened, he was at risk for losing a scholarship and the ability to stay in a dorm for a semester. He would have had to go home or move in with Don and Jack. \"Thank you. Thank you both.\" He told her. Jack smiled and assured him it was ok. \"Don't thank us yet. You better believe I'm not letting you go back until I know you can handle your liquor.\" Jack told him. Norman's stomach lurched. He wasn't sure if he ever wanted to drink again. Jack and Norman arrived. She paid the cabbie and the two got out. Jack pushed him through the door and shouted, alerting everyone at their arrival. Renee came running down the hall and smacked him. \"What the hell do you think you were doing?\" She yelled. \"We had no idea where you were!\" Norman winced and held his head. \"Can you stop yelling, Renee?\" He asked her. \"Hey, Norman! How you feel?\" Grady hollered and Jack pushed the boy down the hall to the kitchen. Boyd was sitting at the small table in the kitchen. Betty was heating up some food for the boy and some coffee. Norman rested his head in his hands and Boyd chuckled. \"I guess you won't be doing that again.\" Bible said to him. Norman groaned. Gordo laughed and put a cup of water infront of him. \"Hey, Man. You're gonna wanna drink a few of these. Jack's gonna make you drink again tonight.\" Gordo told him. \"What?\" Norman asked worriedly and looked at the woman. She shrugged. \"Gordo and I are going out to get some good alcohol. I don't want you going back out with friends without you knowing how much you can handle.\" She told him firmly. \"Think of this as punishment for getting arrested.\" Norman groaned. \"Norman, you were always such a light weight.\" Renee scoffed from her spot in the kitchen. \"What, you think you can drink more?\" Grady asked her. She looked at him firmly. \"Of course I can. I could probably give Jack a run for her money.\" She told him matter of factly. Jack, hearing the challenge, turned to look at her, eyebrows raised. \"I accept your challenge.\" She said. Renee looked at her and the two women shared smirks. It was going to be a fun night. Grady and Gordo laughed. Jack was a riot when she was drunk. \"Jack, you sure that's a good idea?\" Bible asked, looking up from his newspaper. \"Remember last time?\" \"Which time, Bible? In Germany?\" Jack asked, exasperated. \"Yeah. It was right after the war in Germany ended.\" Bible told her. \"What did she do?\" Betty asked, knowingly. Grady barked out a laugh and Gordo snorted. Jack crossed her arms. Betty set food in front of Norman. Jack stared at him until he started eating. \"This I must hear.\" Renee said as she sat next to her brother. \"You boys are just exaggerating it.\" Jack said, trying to defend herself. \"And who is the idiot who lets a drunk person operate a tank?\" She asked. \"You drove the tank drunk?\" Betty asked. Boyd shook his head. \"Nah, man. She tried. She ended up thinking we were being attacked by Germans. Some people started throwing grenades. They would throw them away from the base so no one would get hurt. Kinda like fire works.\" Gordo explained. \"So here's Jack,\" Grady started while laughing, \"She fell in the tank trying to duck, thinking we were being bombed. She's screaming and kicking up a storm.\" Boyd picked up the story as Grady laughed. \"We were just sitting around while she was yelling at us to get in. She kept asking why we were just sitting there. I think Norman was standing next to her hatch.\" He said. Norman smiled to himself and nodded. \"She had gone in head first and couldn't sit up right.\" He told them. Jack glared at him. \"It was funny.\" He admitted to her. \"Traitor.\" She mumbled. \"Jack's in the tank and trying to get it running. Don't sitting outside with the rest of us just calling to her, trying ot tell her it was just people getting rowdy. She starts to go for the big gun that's attached to the tank at her seat.\" Boyd explained but Gordo stepped in. \"Man, I just saw Norman start to dive in, yelling at her to stop. Man I didn't know what was goin' on!\" Gordo said. \"This crazy woman tried to start shooting up the camp! She was gonna gun us all down!\" Gordo said. Grady was laughing. \"Norman and Don had to pull her out of the tank.\" Bible stated. \"Who even let me in the tank?\" Jack asked, embarrassed. The men exchanged looks. \"Jack, we don't mess with you. If you wanna do something, you're gonna do it.\" Bible told her. \"We value our lives enough to know not to step in. Don's the only one brave enough.\" \"Remember that one time Jack tried to fight him?\" Grady asked with a laugh. \"Right after McMurphy let her start drinking again? After she got back from being taken?\" Boyd asked. Norman perked up at his. He hadn't heard this one yet. \"You tried to fight Sergeant Collier?\" Norman asked. Jack rolled her eyes. \"This is not going to be a time we share my drunk stories.\" Jack said firmly. The boys just ignored her. \"Yeah, man. After Jack got taken she couldn't eat. Don had to tackle her to the ground to get her to go to the medical tent.\" Gordo started. \"After she got better and put weight on, we let her drink one night. Hell, Grady and I were drinking too. She started getting mad at Don for tackling her.\" Grady was laughing in the background. Boyd spoke up. \"Norman, if you are ever drinking with Jack and she starts getting frustrated, you run.\" Bible told him seriously. \"You three are making this sound so much worse than it was.\" Jack tried to defend herself. Betty was laughing and Renee snorted. \"Did you punch Don?\" Betty asked, laughing. \"She didn't just punch him!\" Grady laughed. \"She nearly fucking took him out.\" \"War Daddy, Don,\" Bible corrected himself and sat up in his chair, \"He tried to get her to sit down and he tried to take the bottle away from her. They started yelling. This one,\" He said pointing at Jack, \"took it upon herself to tackle him. She charged him and knocked him into the mud.\" Boyd was starting to laugh at the memory. \"Never seen someone so small take out such big person.\" \"This crazy ass kept trying to hit him. Don had to throw her off so he could get up.\" Gordo told them. Norman was smiling at the story. He could see Jack trying to fight Collier. It was funny. \"She got in a few good hits.\" Boyd said. \"Don just kept laughing at her when she tried to tackle him again. He didn't budge. He kept shoving her away. She gave up and stormed off. Found her sleeping on some other tank the next morning. She had no clue where she was.\" Boyd ended. Renee and Betty looked at Jack. Jack was blushing and the two women laughed. \"Boyd, did you ever drink?\" Norman asked. Boyd stilled and his smile vanished. Jack found her opportunity. \"Boyd's been absolutely shit faced.\" She told Norman with a smirk and sat in the last seat. Grady was about to tell the story but Jack stopped him. \"Shut up boys, I'm telling this one since I was actually sober for it. Ok so we had stopped for the night and we were by a river. We had just taken the town and it acted as a port. Our tank was stopped near the docks so we decided to go eat dinner on one of them. It had bene a really long week and we decided to drink. I didn't really drunk much but Boyd, Boyd drank a whole bottle on his own before he ended up in the river.\" Jack told them. \"How did he end up in the river?\" Norman asked. He wasn't there for this either. \"Grady kept trying to take his mustache and the two were struggling to throw the other in the river. They were both completely shit faced so it was only a few seconds before they fell in.\" Jack stated. Renee laughed and Grady slightly glared at Jack. It wasn't one of their finer moments. Jack had lied for their sakes. They were actually fighting over who Hitler would fuck for a chocolate bar. She was saving that for another time. They sat around for a small while, swapping drinking stories before and during the war. After a while, Jack shooed Norman off to take a shower. Boyd handed him a bag of the clothes they got from Norman's dorm. After Norman had cleaned up, Renee told him to go rest in her bed. He was exhausted from staying in the cell. He was out like a light. Don arrived after work and the group had dinner. Betty's husband joined them. He was a nice man, quiet and reserved, but he enjoyed the soldiers and their loudness. The group let Norman get some sleep and Jack debated on whether or not he should drink again that night. After talking to Don, she decided to let Norman choose if he wants to drink or nor. Next weekend, she would have Norman come over and have him drink excessively. She didn't want today to happen again. Norman had told her the whole story about how two of his friends were getting rowdy and he and the rest of the group tried to stop them, but they made it worse in the end. It was actually a pretty funny story. Food was cleared away and betty put David to bed. Gordo and Jack broke out the shot glasses and bottles of alcohol. Gordo had gotten a bottle of Jack Daniels but Jack insisted he also get a bottle of Jameson. \"alright, Renee, let's see how much you can hold.\" Jack challenged as the two sat at the kitchen table. Don pulled Boyd aside. \"What are they doing?\" He asked, confused. \"Renee and Jack are going to see who can out drink the other. It came up in conversation and they all wanted to see who would win.\" Boyd explained. Don smiled and shook his head. Jack was going to regret it tomorrow. She has the worst hangovers. Norman woke up half way through the challenge and nearly fell over at the sight of Jack and Renee downing shot after shot. They were drunk by now and giggling. Jack saw Norman walk in and she laughed loudly. Renee turned and snorted, covering her mouth. \"He looks like he seen hell!\" Jack yelled and snorted. Renee nearly spit out her next shot but knocked it back before giggling. \"He looks like shit.\" Renee slurred while she laughed. Gordo and Grady looked at Norman. He only looked a bit tired. He just woke up. Renee grabbed the bottle of Jack Daniel's and tried to fill Jack's shot glass again. Grady took the bottle before she could spill it. \"C'mon, Jack! How much you got?\" She asked. Jack snorted. \"I fucking lost count.\" She cackled and Renee snorted. The two would tease and laugh and snort as they knocked back shot after shot. Norman was worried they would end up with alcohol poisoning. Luckily, Renee decided to stop. She had about ten shots and had to stop. She was starting to feel sick. Jack had been drinking in large quantities than Renee since many mistook her for a boy in Germany. Even when she was a woman, she would drink heavily. \"Oh, come on! We just started. Sit the fuck down.\" Jack teased. Renee laughed and leaned back. \"Grady, you're next, fucker. Ima out drink you and your girl.\" Jack declared. Grady and Gordo had been taking a few shots and were on their way to getting drunk but were sober enough to know Jack needed to stop. Don stepped in. \"Jack, I think you've had enough.\" He said fondly as he began to pull her up to her feet. She fell back against him and looked up at him. \"Your eyes are fucking pretty.\" She told him. Don and a few others laughed. He led her to the living room and sat her down. Renee and Jack had drank it quickly so the alcohol would be catching up to them soon. Renee was feeling ill and Betty got her a glass of water while she herself was drinking a glass of wine. Betty wasn't a huge drinker and preferred to stick to wine. Don, Boyd, and Betty's husband stuck to a beer or two. \"They are going to be a nightmare to get back to the motel.\" Betty's husband commented to Boyd. Boyd nodded and watched as Gordo tugged Norman into a seat and poured him a shot in Jack's glass. They kept urging him to drink it and he did. By the end of the night, Jack was passed out on the couch, Renee had gone to bed and Norman, poor Norman, was throwing up in the bathroom. Boyd had gotten Gordo and Grady to the car with the help of Don. The two were singing loudly. It was an interesting night. They found Renee could swear just as badly as Jack, Gordo and Grady thought they were the best singers in the world, and Jack had somehow managed to make it outside, barefoot and running down the street. Norman wasn't very drunk but his body was rejecting the alcohol, he was still a bit hungover. Grady told Jack there was a spider on the floor and she ran out the house before anyone noticed. The only reason they knew she left was because the screen door shut. Don and Boyd bolted out after her and Betty watched from the porch with Renee. Renee was cheering her to run faster and Betty laughed. Boyd was waiting by the car incase Don couldn't catch her. Norman joined them as Don reached Jack. He wrapped his arms around her waist and turned to face the house. He lead her back, promising there were no spiders. When she reached the house, Norman could see she was crying, extremely concerned about the possibility of a spider being there. Don had gotten her to the couch and told her to sleep. She was out like a light. It was around this time Renee had decided to go to sleep. A small while after Jack had fallen asleep, Renee began sobering up and decided to sleep as well. Boyd took Gordo and Grady back to the motel. Betty laughed as they left. Before they were rounded up, they made norman do two more shots. This sent his stomach over the edge and he was vomiting in the bathroom. He brushed his teeth and came back to the living room. Jack was no longer on the couch and Betty had brought him a pillow and blanket. He thanked her, still a bit dizzy. She just smiled at him. Don came back inside. He had put Jack in the car. Don sat on the couch next to Norman. \"Jack told me about what happened, how you got arrested.\" He said. Norman looked down at his hands. \"I'm sorry about that, sir. It won't happen again.\" He assured Don. Don smiled. \"Son, you're young. You're gonna mess up. Just try not to get arrested again.\" He said and put a firm hand on Norman's shoulder. Norman looked at him with a small smile of thanks. \"If you get in trouble for doing that again, we're gonna pour a whole bottle of Jack down your throat.\" He said with a smile, threatening Norman. Norman laughed. \"Sounds fair, sir.\" Norman said. \"Alright.\" Don said quietly. \"Get some sleep.\" He said and stood. He walked over to Betty. \"Thank you for letting everyone be here for so long.\" Betty smiled. \"It's fine, Don. They are a good bunch. David likes them too. It's been quiet lately so having them here livens it up a bit.\" She told him. \"However, you have to get groceries next week. If I'm feeding them, you have to pay for it.\" She teased and Don smiled, agreeing. He gave her a hug and he kissed his cheek and bid him goodnight. Don took Jack home and got her to bed before climbing in next to her. He was glad she had off tomorrow. She was not going to feel good. Don was right. Jack didn't wake up until after noon and rolled out of bed. She felt like she had bene hit by a bus. She showered and stumbled into the kitchen. She struggled to make herself some food and coffee. Jack regretted trying to out drink Renee. She sat at the table and began eating, trying to get something in her so she could get rid of the hang over. She had drank a full glass of water and half a cup of coffee. She was eating some egg when the phone rang. She grimaced at the sound and stood to answer it. \"Collier residence.\" She grunted into the phone. No one spoke. \"Hello?\" She asked, irritated. This was the second time this happened. \"Look, stop calling if you aren't going to talk!\" She yelled and slam the phone down, hanging up. Jack sat back down to eat. She wasn't going anywhere today so she wore some black pants with her green shirt from the army. It was a tee shirt and it was comfortable. Sometimes she used it as a night gown. Jack spent the day just reading and relaxing and trying to nurse a hangover away. She made dinner and was setting the table when Don came home. He set his things down on the chair and hugged her, kissing her head. \"How you feeling, Jack?\" He asked and she groaned into his shirt, breathing in his scent. He chuckled and kissed her head again. \"Maybe next time, don't drink so much.\" He said as he sat down, moving his brief case to the floor. Jack put the food on the table and sat down as well. \"I remember running down the street.\" She stated. \"Did that actually happen of was I dreaming?\" Don laughed quietly. \"Yeah, Bible and I had to chase you down. He almost got in the car to follow you. I had to drag you back to Betty's.\" He told her and put food on his plate. It was what she first made the group. Shepherd's pie. This time she had all of the ingredients and a working oven. It was still delicious. Jack grimaced at the fact she had tried to run away. It explained why her feet hurt thought. \"Don, sometimes the phone rings and no one is on the other end. Could the phone be broken? It happened again today.\" She told him. He frowned. \"I've picked up a few of those as well. I can ask about it. Most likely it's something on their end that isn't working.\" He told her. She nodded. They ate in a comfortable silence for the most part. They would chat idly. Don helped Jack clear the table and they found themselves in the sitting room, reading. Jack rested her head in his lap and he stroked her hair. It was a calm, quiet evening. The next two weeks passed smoothly. Jack didn't drink excessively again, but she did drink on occasion. Betty had a barbeque one weekend and the group was introduced to a few of their friends. Every so often the boys would be over at Don's apartment and Norman was able to stay out of trouble. His friends from university did drag him out drinking but was able to stay sober for the most part. One night, Jack and Don were woken up by a knock on the door. It was Norman. His friends dragged him out drinking and were starting to get rowdy. He decided it was time for him to leave and decided to see if he could stay the night at Don's. His roommate had the key to the dorm and Don's apartment was just two blocks away from where they were. Jack laughed at Norman and Don smiled. They let him stay the night, glad he would be somewhere safe. He was relatively sober but not completely. Jack was just glad he was out of trouble. It was a good thing he left when he did. The next day, Norman learns a few of them got arrested again. It was the same two starting trouble and the rest of the group decided to let them get in trouble. They weren't sure if they would be drinking with those two again. In those two weeks, Norman also asked a girl out on a date. Renee and Jack flipped out. They were so excited for the date and bugged him about it all day. Norman had taken her to the movies that night. The next day Jack and Renee drilled him for details. He just laughed at them and told them about how it went. They asked if he kissed her and they screamed when he admitted he did. When Jack told Don about the date, he couldn't help but smile. Norman was a good kid and he deserved a good girl. Don felt bad for Norman's loss of Emma and was glad he was moving on. At the end of two weeks, everything had seemed to settle in a routine. Every so often either Norman or Renee would have a date, they met up for meals every so often at Betty's, sometimes they would go out as as a group to visit D.C. It was nice and Jack was going to miss them when they would have to leave. It was a Friday and Jack was going to meet Don and the rest of the group at Betty's for dinner. It was about two weeks to the wedding and she was excited. Sometime during the day, a pen had exploded over her dress. She called Betty and let her know she was going to be late. Jack had to stop home to change. She was wearing a yellow dress that was now covered in blue ink. Jack entered the apartment and headed to the bedroom. She pulled out a pretty lavender dress and slipped it on. She looked at her reflection and decided to take the time to fix her hair and reapply her make up. She put on mascara and eyeliner on her top eyelid. She had finished putting on red lipstick and looked at her reflection with a soft smile when someone knocked on the apartment door loudly. Jack was startled but made her way out of the room and to the front door. Whoever was knocking was knocking quickly, as if they were hurried. She furrowed her eyes and opened the door. \"Hello, what's-\" she started but froze. Richard was standing there, fuming. He reeked of alcohol and body odor. Jack panicked. She was alone and afraid. She didn't have her gun like she did in Germany and Richard was much bigger than any Nazi she faced. He was a wide man. Jack Tried to slam the door shut but Richard shoved it open, pushing her back in. She ran to the kitchen and picked up the phone she began dialing in a number when he grabbed her by her hair. \"No you don't, you bitch!\" He roared and yanked her back. She screamed and dropped the phone as she stumbled to the other side of the kitchen, tripping over a chair and landing on the floor. She tried to stand, using the wall as a support. \"You fucking whore!\" He yelled and threw a chair at her. The back of it hit her but the rest missed. She slid back to the ground and Richard flipped the table, knocking everything that was on it onto the floor, including a small vase of flowers Don had brought her. \"Stop! Please!\" She screamed as tears fell down her face. Richard yanked her up by her arm and tossed her again. She stumbled into the counter and caught herself. \"Don't fucking tell me what to do, you whore! Fucking take my money and think you gonna get married! You think you're fucking special? Think you're pretty?\" He yelled at her and advanced. Jack pushed herself away from the counter and went to the other wall. He began lifting dirty dishes from the sink and throwing them. Jack screamed as each one broke against the wall. \"Stop it! Stop!\" She cried. Richard tried to get to her but was slowed by the table he knocked over. Jack tried to run ot the door that was still open. He managed to reach her and grabbed her dress, pulling her back and onto the floor, taking out the small table that was in the hall. There was a mirror attached to it that fell, cutting her slightly. The back of her dress was torn slightly. \"Fucking, bitch!\" He yelled and kicked her. Jack cried out. \"Fucking think you can fucking do that to me?\" He roared. \"To your fucking family?\" He yelled and kicked her again. \"Hey!\" A third voice called. Richard turned to see a young man. Jack recognized him as one of the door men. He was an older gentle man with thin grey hair. \"The fuck you want?\" Richard spat at him. \"This ain't your fucking business.\" \"You need to leave. This is not your home, sir.\" The old man stated firmly. Richard glared at him and Jack propped herself up. She was crying. \"Sir, I will call the police and have you arrested if you do not leave.\" Richard thought for a second. He turned and spit on Jack before shoving past the door man. The older man waited until Richard was gone before moving forward to help Jack. His tone softened. \"Ms. Edwards, are you all right?\" He asked as she stood, he put a gentle hand on her arm. She nodded and sniffed. \"Thank you. I'm alright.\" She said weakly. She began to make her way down the hall, trying to calm herself. She was crying still. She was shaken up. \"Do you need me to call anyone? Perhaps I should call Mr. Coll-\" He began to suggest but Jack turned to him, pleadingly. \"No, no please don't tell him. Don't call him, don't tell him. I just need to get this place cleaned up. I need to e somewhere.\" She pleaded. He looked at her and pressed his lips to a thin line. He didn't like leaving Collier in the dark but he couldn't do anything unless Jack allowed it. \"I'll be fine.\" She offered with a weak smile. \"I'll be fine, I just need to clean this up.\" She said and sniffed, trying to stop crying. The man sighed in defeat. \"If you need anything, please come tell me.\" He told her. She promised she would and closed the door after he left. The moment the door shut, Jack sunk to the floor and cried. She felt so weak and out of control. She felt helpless and scared. He had completely caught her off guard and she couldn't fight back. Could he have killed her? What would have happened if the gentle man hadn't stepped in? Everyone was sitting at betty's table, waiting for Jack to arrive. Betty told them she would be a few minutes late but it had been much longer than it should have. People were getting worried. \"What could be taking her so long?\" Renee asked Grady. Grady couldn't offer her any advice. \"It's possible she had to work late, just got held up. Traffic isn't helping either.\" Boyd said, trying to help offer ideas. Don was bouncing his leg. Boyd was probably right, but he still worried. \"Let me try to call her, see if she's till at the apartment.\" Betty suggested. \"Try her work, first.\" Norman suggested. \"Maybe she's still held up.\" Betty nodded and tried it. The people at the library told her Jack had left about half an hour ago. Jack should have been there by now. Betty called Don's apartment and it didn't even ring. It was disconnected. \"Don!\" She called as she went into the dinning room. \"Don, your phone isn't ringing. I think it's disconnected.\" She said. Don stood, worried. \"I'm going home real quick, see if Jack's there. It's probably nothing, we've been having a few issues with the phone lately.\" He assured Betty and tried to assure himself. \"We can go –\" Boyd began to say as the men stood. \"No.\" Don told them. \"Stay here in case she is already on her way here. I'll be back soon.\" He said as he made his way out to his car. He drove home and pulled into the parking lot. He ran up the steps and ran down the hall to his apartment. He unlocked the door and swung it open. He froze at the sight. The apartment had been turned upside down. It looked as if a tornado had blown through. There was glass in the hall and the small table was over turned. Dishes were broken on the floor and the large table was on its side and he could only see one chair. There was more glass on the floor in the kitchen and water from the vase. In the middle of it all was Jack, on her knees, trying to clean it up. She was crying slightly and he heard her sniff. Jack heard the door open and looked at him with fear. Her make up was running down her tear stained face and her dress was torn slightly. She had small cuts and a large bruise forming on her upper arm. Her hair was a mess. Don moved into the hall and closed the door, staring at her. \"Don.\" She called in a whisper and slowly stood. He furrowed his eyebrows in concern and slowly moved forward. Fresh tears built up in her eyes and she ran to him. He wrapped his arms around her. \"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I wanted to clean it before I came over, Don. I-\" She apologized and Don pulled her away and held her shoulders gently. \"Jack, don't apologize.\" He told her softly. \"What happened?\" He asked softly and wiped away a tear as it fell. Jack was silent and he could see her trying to keep it together. \"Baby, what happened?\" He asked softly. A sob ripped out of Jack's throat and she began to cry again. Don pulled her close, he stroked her hair and waited for her to calm down, assuring her everything was ok. His attention landed on the phone. It was off it's stand and hanging by the cord. \"My uncle.\" She choked out, catching his attention again. He looked down at her as she stepped back. \"Richard, my uncle. He was here, he found me. I didn't know it was him at the door and he shoved his way in. I was so scared, I didn't know what to do. I couldn't fight back. I'm sorry, Don, I'm so sorry!\" Jack rushed out everything and kept crying. Don held her close. \"Jack, it's ok. It's not your fault. Jack, breathe. You gotta breathe baby.\" He told her calmly as she clung to him, feeling safe in his arms. He kept her close, trying to give her a sense of security. It took her a few minutes to calm down but Jack was finally able to breathe again. \"Jack, you ok?\" He asked. She nodded and wiped her face. \"I need to go put on a new dress.\" She mumbled. Richard had torn the collar of her dress. Don nodded and kissed her forehead. \"Go change. We can worry about this tomorrow. I'm going to call Betty and let her know we are on our way. Take as long as you need.\" He told her. She nodded and gingerly stepped over the glass. She still had shoes on but she didn't want to make more of a mess. Don picked up the phone and called betty. He told them what happened and Betty gasped. Don told them to start eating and that they would be over soon. As he hung up, Jack walked out of the room. She had wiped away the dried blood from her small cuts and put on a light blue dress and fixed her makeup. Her eyes were red and tired. \"Ready?\" Jack asked Don. Don pulled her in for another hug. He rested his chin on her head and she hugged him back, relaxing in the safety of his arms. He could see she was tired. \"Are you sure you still want to go?\" He asked her. \"We can stay here.\" She shook her head and stepped back. \"I need to get away from here for a while.\" She told him. He nodded in understanding and held her close as they walked out. Jack was quiet for the rest of the evening. The group had gotten her to smile again but she wasn't as loud as usual. She would laugh and talk but there was a melancholy air around her and Don noticed. He held her hand tightly and squeezed gently, reassuringly. Jack's home had been invaded. A place of safety and security no longer felt safe. Someone had barged in and wrecked it and attacked her. Don knew she would need to be reassured she was safe. He wasn't going to leave her home alone any time soon. But they would handle that when it came to that. At the moment, they focused on dinner. She was safe there and she knew it. She began to relax. That night, she clung to Don tightly, burrowing against his chest and he held her close. He hummed to her quietly and rubbed her back. Jack would have a nightmare that night and she would wake up with a yell. Don would hold her and ease her back to sleep. He held her close and made sure she felt safe. Sorry I forgot to update lately. What do you guys think?[Chapter 23] Torn Apart-Bastille listen to this oh my god Three days passed and the stress from Richard's sudden arrival put Jack on edge. She was frustrated and stuck. She felt powerless and the feeling of hopelessness had returned. She was a soldier for Christ's sake, she shouldn't be so afraid. Jack is strong, Jack can fight, so why couldn't she bring herself to stay alone in the apartment for more than half an hour? On the first day, a Saturday, Don cleaned up the apartment and Jack helped. He made them breakfast and decided to take her out after breakfast. They walked around the National Mall, one of Jack's favorite spots. She was beginning to cheer up in the warm sun and forget about the attack. They were walking towards the Lincoln Memorial when Jack froze and her grip on Don's arm tightened. Don looked at her and followed her gaze. She was staring at a man who was sitting on a bench, smoking. He was watching them as he smoked and stared at Jack. He looked angry. He was a heavy set man with very little hair. HE wore overalls and a dirty white shirt. Jack spun un her heel and began to walk away, pulling Don along with her. Don followed and linked his arm with hers again, reassuring her that he was there, reminding her he was there with her. Jack's jaw was clenched tight and her shoulders were tense. Jack wouldn't say anything until they were back in the city, away from the National Mall, away from Richard. Don watched her sadly and sighed through her nose. It was so close to the wedding and he didn't want Richard to ruin it for Jack. Don also knew better than to advance on the man in public or in front of Jack. But if Don saw Richard alone, in private, Don was sure Richard would need to visit the hospital. As he made dinner, he could hear Jack pacing in the living room. She was smoking and the smoke wafted into the kitchen. How many had she had already? Don wish he could think of something to distract her but all of his attempts that day proved futile. He was kissing her and she was distracted, she couldn't sit still enough to read and she didn't eat lunch. Don started to worry when she passed up a glass of wine. He suggested they visit Betty's or the boys and she refused. She wanted to stay home, try to feel safe in the apartment again. Don had begun to plate the food and set it on the table when he heard her stop pacing. He listened to see if he could hear her moving and worry grew when he heard silence. \"Jack?\" He called out, \"You doing ok?' He waited for an answer but got silence back. He set the food down and walked into the living room. She was standing at the window, staring out of it. Her gaze was firm and her jaw clenched tightly. Her posture mimicked how she would stand in Germany, at ease but ready to jump into a fight. He sighed and approached her slowly. He felt her tense when he slowly wrapped his arms around her waist. He rested his chin on her head and looked out at the city. She didn't relax into him like usual and Don furrowed his eyebrows. \"Jakie,\" he spoke quietly, \"What's going on, baby?\" \"He's watching.\" She stated bluntly. Don was alert and looked down to the sidewalk below them. Across the street, Richard stood, staring up at them. Don straightened and glared at the man. He reached past Jack and closed the blinds. He pulled her away from the window and she let him lead her to the kitchen. She went to a wine bottle they had opened and she poured them two glasses. Don had piked up the phone and began dialing a number. \"Don, what are you doing?\" Jack asked with slight alarm. \"Calling Ryan. I think he can get your Uncle to leave us-\" Don was cut off when Jack crossed the kitchen and hit the button on the stand that made Don hang up. He stared at her and furrowed his eyebrows. \"Jack?\" He question firmly, slipping into his voice from when he was a Sergeant. \"We are fine. We don't need Ryan involved.\" She tried to justify. Don put the phone down slowly. \"Jack, he can help.\" Don told her calmly. She shook her head. \"We don't need help. What's he going to do? Toss him on a train to Pennsylvania? He'll just come back. It's fine, he won't do anything. He's just trying to scare us.\" She tried to explain. Don could see what she was doing, she was trying to reassure herself. He brought his hands up to rest on her shoulders. He looked at her soflty. \"Jack, he forced his way in.\" He stated and Jack rolled her eyes and tried to walk away. He kept her still. \"I don't think you understand how serious that is.\" \"No, you don't understand!\" She yelled and shoved him to get some space. Don could see the tears in her eyes building. \"You don't get it!\" She told him and stormed off to the bedroom. Don calmly followed her. \"What don't I understand, Jack?\" He questioned as he walked down the hall. \" I can't help if you don't tell me what's going on.\" \"That's what you don't get! I don't need help, I don't want help!\" She yelled as he entered the bedroom. Don watched her from a distance, giving her space. She began to pace back and forth. \"I shouldn't need you to protect me! I shouldn't need you to feel safe! I should be able to protect myself!\" She yelled. Don took offense, confused by her statement. \"What are you saying?\" He asked firmly. Was she having doubts? Was that what this was about? Did Richard say something to her? Jack didn't respond and turned her back on him. He had a hand on her hip and a hand raised to her mouth. \"Jack?\" He called firmly. She just shook her head. He walked over and grabbed her shoulder, spinning her around, she was crying. \"Jack, answer me. What are you trying to say?\" He asked firmly and she kept crying. She began to shake her head. \"I can't, I can't.\" She cried as she looked at his chest, unable to meet his gaze. He held her shoulders firmly. \"Can't what? What can't you do?\" He asked firmly, slightly warry of what she was going to say. Jack swallowed thickly before answering, trying to catch her breath and stop crying. \"I can't.\" She sobbed, \"I can't beat him. I can't protect myself. I can't fight back. He came in here and I froze, I couldn't do anything, Don!\" She sobbed and Don's eyes widened in slight surprise. This was what was bothering her? \"I can't fight back. If he catches me alone again, I won't be able to protect myself. I feel so helpless. I can't take it, Don!\" She explained as she cried and brought her hands to her face. She was frustrated and stuck She was at a loss. \"I don't know what to do.\" She confessed. Don watched her and let her cry. He was silent and his face was neutral. He kept his hands resting on her shoulders gently and sighed through his nose. Jack looked up, tears in her eyes and anger in her frown. She weakly tried to push at his chest. \"Say something!\" She cried at him. Jack tried to push him but dropped her hands to her side and dropped her head. \"Say something, damnit.\" She cried softly. Don watched her and began to rub her upper arms soothingly. He stood there silent for a minute and stepped back away from her. Jack put her hands over her face, thinking he was angry at her outburst. Don removed his shirt and tie and dropped them on the bed. He walked over to Jack and moved her hands out of the way. She looked at him confused as to why he had no shirt on. His face was calm and relaxed. He didn't speak. He reached for the top buttons on her dress. He began undoing them and her hadns shot up to cover his hands. \"What are you doing?\" She hissed as tears kept falling. He gently put her hands her sides. \"Stop. Trust me.\" He told her and undid enough of the buttons to let the dress fall to the floor. Jack stood in her bra and her half a slip. He gently tugged the slip off and Jack held her breath. He stood and took her hands, gently pulling her over to the large mirror in the corner of their room. He stood facing her first. Don took Jack's hand and brought them up to trace the bullet holes from Norman's first day, the day they all almost died. He place her hands on a few of the bullet wounds. They had scared over. \"What are you-\" Hse started but he cut her off. \"What are these?\" He asked her firmly. She looked at Don, confused. \"What are these?\" He asked again. \"Bullet wounds.\" Jack stated. Don nodded. \"From when?\" He asked. Jack swallowed thickly Before answering. \"Germany.\" She said in a whisper. \"The day I thought I lost you.\" She added. The corners of his lips turn up slightly. \"I am still alive.\" He stated. \"Why am I still alive, Jack?\" He asked her firmly. \"Jack, why am I alive?\" Jack looked at him, even more confused. Don sighed through his nose and began to explain gently. \"Jack, I am alive because you saved me. You slowed the bleeding.\" Told her firmly. \"You saved Grady. You saved Gordo, You saved Boyd. You saved Norman. Jack, you saved all of us that day, kept us alive long enough for help to come. You are strong.\" He told her firmly. \"Do you understand?\" He asked. Jack looked at him, eyebrows furrowed. She nodded but Don sighed through his nose. She didn't get it yet. He gently turned her to the mirror so she could see her reflection. He placed a hand on a scar that was on her side. It was long and jagged. \"What is this from?\" He asked. She didn't answer. He gently shook her shoulder. \"Jack, what is this from?\" \"You know what it's from!\" She accused and stepped away to look at him. \"Don, why are you asking me these questions?\" She asked, frustrated. He pulled her back to the mirror. \"I'm making a point.\" He told her. \"Answer the question.\" He told her gently. She sighed and put her hands on her hips. \"That fucking grenade.\" She spat out. She was getting frustrated and Don was glad to see her sass was returning. \"I need a bit more than that.\" He prodded. \"From Germany. My first day with you guys and a Nazi threw a grenade at me and Grady. I pulled us to the ground and got shrapnel in my side.\" Jack told him firmly. He smirked. \"What happened after that?\" \"I drowned a Nazi in the mud.\" She told him. He prodded her to keep going. She brought her hand up. She had a scar on her palm. \"I cut my hand, you gave me iodine. Almost was killed by another grenade but I got in the tank.\" \"Good. Now these.\" He told her while placing a hand over the bullet hole near her chest. The day he thought he lost her for good. She huffed. \"Jack.\" He warned. \"Shot twice. You and I were talking. You thought I died, everyone thought I died.\" She told him. He pointed to her leg, the burn on her leg. \"Burned in my first tank.\" He pointed to the bullet in her side. \"Shot again, for the first time. I was going into shock and thought I was dying. Daniel was there. I couldn't save him when the tank was attacked.\" \"That's not what we are here for. Don't focus on Daniel.\" Don instructed. He had Jack walk him through every wound and scar. He reminded her she was taken by Nazi's and escaped, she saved her tank mates several times, he reminded her of her name. Don spun her slowly to face him. \"Jack. The first day I met you, you risked your life for some ass hole you didn't even know that well. You survived attack after attack. Do you know why we named you ghost?\" He asked. She just looked at him, listening. \"We named you that because no matter what they threw at you, you got back up. They couldn't kill you.\" Jack smirked to herself and dropped her head. He lifted her chin and looked into her eyes. \"On Norman's first day, I told him you were one of the strongest and bravest people I have ever met. I still stand by that.\" He said. Jack smiled softly at him. Don pulled her into a hug and held her close. She finally relaxed against him. She listened to his heart beat and he spoke to her quietly. \"Jack, you are brave. You are strong. You survived Germany and got us out alive. Do you think just anyone can do that?\" he asked and rubbed her back. \"You will get through this. We will get through this.\" He pulled her back and looked at her in the eyes. She met his gaze. \"You are so much stronger than you think.\" He told her. She smiled softly and rested a hand on his face. Don kissed her tenderly for a few minutes and she kissed him back. Before long, he pulled away. He told her to put something on so they could eat and left her to her own thoughts. Jack looked at her reflection. She looked over each scar and bruise. She was strong and she would get through this. She just needed to be reminded. How many times had she faced a German without her gun? How many times has she taken down a man twice her size? Daniel taught her how to fight, how to win. She felt strength and determination fill her as she promised herself, if Richard ever came near her again, she would fight back. And she would kick his ass. She rummaged through her drawer and pulled out her dark green shirt she wore while in Germany and slipped it on. It fell just past her butt and was loose enough she could move. She suddenly remembered something she had told Norman when they first met. \" Fear is normal. You gotta use it to keep you alive. \" Fear is normal. It was ok that she was scared. She needed to use that fear to fight back. Next time, she wouldn't freeze up, next time she would protect herself and her home. \"Jack?\" Don called, startling her out of her thoughts. \"Jack, food's warm again.\" He called. Jack smiled softly and left the bedroom. She joined Don for dinner and they ate. The evening was calm and Don was glad to see she had begun to relax. She was smilng more and was less rigid. Jack was still tens but it was a different tense. Today she was tense and agitated, frustrated. No she was tense as if she would have to jump inot action at a moment's notice, she was tense as if she was back in Germany. It worried Don slightly but he was glad to see her fighting spirit had come back. She was ready for a fight. Jack had been reminded of what she could do. The next day, Sunday, Jack and Don went to the grocery for Betty. They helped restock her kitchen and Jack helped Betty prepare lunch after church. Everyone sat down and made pleasant conversation. Renee sat in between Grady and Norman. Jack caught the young boy's eye and winked with a soft smile, reassuring him, urging him to trust Renee and Grady. He smiled at her in understanding. Boyd sat on the other side of Jack and the two spoke quietly. The mood was light and calm. The men from Fury would watch Jack when she wasn't looking. They would look for signs of distress, they had grown worried for her since she was attacked two days ago. She was slightly tense, but they saw that Jack was ok. Sunday passed without incident. Monday, the two had work and Jack went about her day as normal. She hummed to herself and went about her day. The girls at work hadn't heard about her attack. She mentally thanked Betty for her discretion. The day was coming to an end and she was finishing up putting her last stack of books away when Hellen told her she had a man waiting for her. Jack tensed and Hellen offered to finish putting the books away for her. Jack let her and made her way to the main entrance. To her surprise, Boyd was there, waiting for her. \"Boyd, what are you doing here?\" She asked. He smiled at her. \"Hello to you too.\" He teased. She smiled and gave him a hug. He laughed. \"Don called and asked I pick you up. He has to work late tonight and doesn't want you going home alone.\" He explained as the two made their way to his car. Jack nodded in understanding. She had no argument against it. She didn't want to be alone in the apartment either. Boyd took her back to the motel where Gordo and Norman were sitting in the small sitting room. The two stood as she entered and smiled. She looked at them confused. \"Hey, guys. Norman, what are you doing here? Where's Grady?\" She asked. Norman's smile fell. \"Grady is with Renee. They went out for dinner.\" He explained and Jack snorted and sat on the small couch as every began to sit again. Norman was on the couch next to her. \"Norman, have a little faith.\" She told him and nudged him. \"Besides, Renee and I aren't happy we have yet to meet this lady friend of yours.\" \"Hey, man. How come you didn't tell us?\" Gordo shouted and Boyd laughed. They sat around drilling Norman with questions and teasing him. Norman told them about his lady friend and Jack was excited to meet her. She insisted he invite her to the wedding. Boyd began making dinner for everyone and was whistling to himself in the kitchen. Gordo, Norman and Jack were talking about the wedding. They still had to teach Grady how to dance. Jack had also learned that Norman needed to be retaught. He admitted to not being the best at dancing. Gordo pointed out a radio and turned it on. Don walked in on Jack trying to teach Norman how to dance while Gordo watched and Boyd was finishing dinner. Don leaned against the door frame and laughed to himself. \"Guys, food's ready.\" Boyd called as he walked in. \"Hey, Top.\" He greeted and watched as Jack and Norman tried to dance. \"No, Norman, what are you doing?\" He asked. Norman looked at him. \"I'm trying to dance.\" The poor boy was so confused. He was too rigid and kept looking at his feet. Jack was at a loss of how to help him besides practice. Don chuckled and moved forward. \"Let me show you.\" Don said and Norman stepped to the side. \"You're too rigid, first of all.\" He pointed out and took Jack into his arms gently. Her hand in his, one hand on her back, pulling her close. Don looked to Norman. \"You can't be afraid of your partner, pull her close to you.\" He explained and demonstrated. Norman rolled his eyes. \"Easy for you to say. Jack won't hit you.\" Norman teased. Jack raised her eyebrows. \"Who said I don't?\" Don teased. \"She hits me all the time.\" He pointed out and Jack swatted his arm. \"See?\" He chuckled and Jack rolled her eyes, grinning. \"I also told him I'd rip his head off. Didn't think you'd take it seriously, Norman.\" She teased. He smiled and sat down, rubbing her face. \"Jack, the first day I met you, you beat a man's head in.\" He pointed out. Jack blinked. She had forgotten that was his first day with them. Boyd laughed and she glared. \"Norman, once you got your girl, relax and follow the steps. Don't look at your feet, it'll trip you up.\" Don told him and began to dance with Jack. Norman was always amazed at how easy they made it seem. They danced for a few minutes before Don stopped. \"Ready to try again?\" He asked Norman. \"Of course he is. He needs to learn so he can dance with his lady.\" She said and waved him over. \"Come on Norman, don't get shy now! How long have you known me?\" Jack asked. \"Yeah, man. It's just Jack. She ain't gonna hurt ya.\" Gordo added in. \"You're the one who told me to be afraid of her on the first day.\" Norman pointed out and Gordo shrugged off the stares. Jack rolled her eyes and Norman approached. She held out her hands and the moment he got close enough, she jolted forward slightly and shouted boo! Norman was startled and jumped back. Jack laughed and Don rolled his eyes. Norman was laughing too and she apologized. Norman tried to mimic how Don held her. Don helped him to fix how he held Jack and told them to start moving, telling Norman to lead. Jack smiled at how much better Norman was now. She smiled at him and he began to relax. She told Norman how much he had improved and clapped for him when they stopped. Boyd ushered the group into the small kitchen for food. It was a nice evening and Jack had relaxed even more, being around her boys. Grady came home after dinner and was corned by Jack. He was going to learn how to dance. Gordo had managed to bribe her to give him one more night. It was getting late and they had gotten out the bottle of Jack Daniels before Grady got back. Jack was a bit tipsy and would be no help to Grady. Tuesday, she got him. But not until some other events occurred. Tuesday evening, Betty had gotten Renee to play the violin and Norman played the piano. IT took a lot of begging and pleading on Jack's part to get her to play. Renee conceded only if Jack would sing. Jack didn't see that coming and was caught off guard. Norman laughed at the two and sat at the piano, looking at the music sheets, trying to find something for Renee to play. Jack sat next to him and renee sat on a chair, plucking at the strings absentmindedly. The rest of the group was sititng around, waiting. Grady watched as Renee's delicate fingers plucked each string softly, smoothly. They finally settled on a song and Norman began to play after Renee looked it over. She stood behind Jack and Norman so she could see the chords. Grady watched her as she played. Renee seemed to drift off to another world as she played. Jack sang softly and Norman smiled at her as he played. Don was smoking and watching the three, most of his attention on Jack. She was much more relaxed now. Jack had gotten her confidence back and was sure of herself. She remembered how strong she was. Her energy was radiating and she seemed to glow. She was beautiful. The song ended and the small group clapped. Renee was blushing and Jack gently elbowed her. \"Play us another song.\" Boyd suggested. \"Yeah, man. You guys are good!\" Gordo added in. \"Oh, come on, guys.\" Jack groaned. Norman just smiled and began hitting random keys. He stopped as he and Jack flipped through the music sheets, trying to find a song. Renee was playing the violin softly, making sure it was tuned. The phone rang and Betty went and answered it. Don could hear her talking in the other room. Betty returned and called to Norman gently. \"Norman, there is a Lily on the phone for you.\" He stated made Renee's playing screech and Jack startled. Everyone in the room froze. Jack and Renee looked at each other with dangerous grins. Everyone burst into action when Norman tried to stand. Jack bolted from the bench at the piano and ran to the kitchen, Betty laughing. Renne forced her brother back down on the bench as she passed and went to the kitchen. \"Hello?\" Jack asked. \"Is this Lily? Hi, it's so nice to meet you. I'm a friend of Norman's. Yes! That's me. I'm surprised he told you about me. Who else did he tell you about?\" Jack asked as Renee came up behind her laughing. \"Let me talk to her!\" She laughed. Jack handed the phone to her. \"Hello, Lily? This is Renee, Norman's sister.\" She giggled into the phone as Norman came running in, pure fear on his face. He tried to get to Renee and take the phone but Jack held him back as the guys began to file in. \"Guys, come one. Let me talk to her. Give me the phone, Renee!\" He called. Grady stood right behind Renee and got close to the receiver. \"Hey, is this Norman's girl?\" HE called out loudly. Renee snorted and smacked his arm. \"Go away, Grady, I'm talking to her!\" Renee told him. \"Hey, let us talk to her!\" Gordo called loudly. Norman groaned. There was no way, Lily wasn't hearing them. \"Hey, Norman!\" Boyd called loudly from across the room. \"You make an honest woman of her, you hear? Don't be disappointing the Lord!\" He teased and Don was chuckling. To Norman's horror, Grady had gotten a hold of the phone. Jack was laughing at the poor boy. Betty stood near Boyd with David and laughed. Don decided he needed to step in. He made his way across the kitchen and took the phone from Grady. Norman had to sit down. Even Don was in on it. Jack laughed and rested a hand on the boy's shoulder, trying to comfort him. \"Hello, Lily, this is Don Collier. What are you doing this Saturday?\" Don asked. \"My sister is having us all over for lunch and I wanted to extend the invitation. Norman thinks he can keep you to himself and not introduce us to you. All of us are excited to meet you.\" Don told the girl smoothly while looking over at the group. Norman's face was in his hands and Jack was laughing. Don smiled at her. \"No, it's no trouble at all. Norman and I will be there to pick you up. Good. Thank you. Now, here's Norman, sorry to keep you from him.\" He ended and held the phone out. Norman jumped and grabbed the phone. \"Lily? Lily, I'm sorry about them.\" He began. Jack snorted and Don and Betty ushered them into the next room. Everyone was snickering or giggling. \"We are horrible!\" Jack said. \"Poor Norman.\" \"I just can't believe Don invited her to dinner Saturday without telling Norman first!\" Renee said. \"It's only fair.\" Betty interjected. \"He won't bring her himself.\" \"I can't really blame him.\" Boyd teased. \"Who'd wanna bring their girl around you guys?\" He said motioning to Gordo, Grady and Jack. Jack glared at him. \"You brought Dolores to stay with us at the lake house.\" Jack pointed out. Boyd chuckled. \"Dolores can handle you guys.\" Boyd teased. Jack huffed and leaned back in her seat on the couch. Don put his arm around her and pulled her close. \"She sounded like a sweet girl.\" He mused. \" Good for Norman. HE needs more gentle people in his life.\" \"Man, we're gonna embarrass the shit out of him.\" Grady laughed, elbowing gordo who laughed as well. \"Yeah, man.\" Gordo agreed with a big grin. \"Don't be too mean.\" Renee chided, trying to hide a smile. \"Poor Norman what did he do to deserve this?\" She laughed. The group kept talking until Norman came back in, glaring at all of them. Everyone went silent as he dropped himself in a chair. tHE poor kid looked exhausted. \"Norman?\" Jack asked as she sat up, concerned. \"She's excited to meet everyone.\" Norman mumbled. Gordo and Grady laughed loudly as Boyd put a hand of reassurance on his shoulder. Jack and Don smiled at him and Norman couldn't help the smile making its way across his face either. \"We're excited to meet her, too.\" Renee assured him. \"And the boys will behave themselves.\" She added firmly, glaring at Grady. Grady stilled and held her gaze. Jack snickered, knowing Renee would win. Betty began making dinner with the help of Renee, Jack and Norman. Don took David and was playing with him on the floor of the living room and him and the others from Fury sat around and talked. Dinner went well and was easy to make. Norman had picked up cooking quickly and was quite good at it. While he and Jack were cutting vegitables, Jack gently elbowed him. \"Gonna teach Grady how to dance after dinner. You want to play the music?\" She asked him, grinning. Norman smiled and agreed. Norman would be playing the music. It took them a while to get Grady to agree to let them teach him. In the end, Renee had to convince him to do it. everyone thought it was hilarious. He bent so quickly to her demands. Before Grady knew it, he was standing in Betty's living room with Renee pulled against his chest. He was tense and rigid and Renee could tell. She smiled at him softly. \"Relax Grady. I'm not going to bite.\" Renee told him gently. Jack snorted at the comment and the two looked at her. Jack and Don stood next to them as examples. Grady glared at her and Renee just shook her head. \"Grady, do you remember what I taught you in Germany or were you two drunk to remember?\" Jack asked honestly. \"No. ain't you supposed to remember?\" He asked accusingly. Jack just looked at him funny. \"No. I was drunk. I was a shit teacher, why would you even let me teach you then?\" She asked in a serious voice. Don could tell she was giving Grady a hard time. \"Jack.\" He told her quietly, warning her to behave. She rolled her eyes. \"Grady, try to remember the steps and don't look at your feet this time. Renee doesn't have thick boots on. You step on her like you stepped on me, it's gonna hurt.\" Jack instructed. \"Thought you said you didn't fucking remember.\" Grady pointed out aggressively. Don sighed. \"I fucking lied, Coon-ass.\" She bit back. They heard Norman sigh loudly from the piano. \"The fuck are you sighing for, Norman?\" Jack called to him. \"You're not even playing, yet.\" \"Oh my god, they are never going to get through this lesson.\" Betty mumbled to Gordo and Boyd. The two men nodded and sat back, sipping beers. \"Maybe we shouldn't have let her drink.\" Gordo suggested. \"You know how her and Grady go at it when they drink, man.\" He stated. \"I don't think Jack drank tonight.\" Boyd pointed out. Norman began to play and Don and Jack began to dance slowly. Grady and Renee began to do the same. They did the steps alright, but Grady was too tense for it to look natural. Renee, who was taller than Jack, rested her chin on Grady's shoulder. \"Relax, Grady.\" She whispered. Grady's arm tightened around her waist and brought her closer. He relaxed his shoulders and the two began to dance more smoothly. \"That's it Grady!\" Jack told him and the four kept dancing. Grady was getting the hang of it. He would need to practice a bit more for it to look more natural, but he could do it. The dance had to end when the phone rang. Betty stood and answered it. The four stood around, just talking as Norman sat at the piano. Everyone stayed where they were, not concerned until Betty came back, eyebrows furrowed. \"Don? Ryan's on the phone, says it's important.\" She said and Don went to the phone. Jack followed, confused. She sat t the table with Betty while Don was on the phone. He would glance over to her every now and then as he talked to Ryan. After what seemed like forever to Jack, Don thanked him and hung up. Jack stood and made her way over to him. \"Don?\" She asked, resting a hand on his arm. He turned to her and rested his hands on her hips. \"After I picked you up from work today, Richard showed up, looking for you.\" He told her. Her hands flew to her mouth and she as about to start asking a million questions but Don calmed her and answered them. \"Everyone is fine. He just threw a few books around. A guard escorted him out. He wouldn't leave so they called the police. He's being held for now on public intoxication but they can only hold him for the night. He's being released tomorrow.\" \"Oh my word.\" Betty said quietly and Don nodded at her. \"She shouldn't go to work tomorrow. What if he's just waiting for her?\" \"I can't just not show up!\" Jack stated. Don pulled her closer and rested his chin on her head. \"Ryan is going to speak to the people at the library. He suggested you stay home for a few days.\" Don told her. Jack stepped back. \"And then what? Do they think he's just going to lose interest in a few days? What is me being gone going to do?\" Jack asked, frustrated. Betty put a hand on her shoulder. \"We don't know. Ryan's a police officer, he knows what he's doing.\" Betty told her. \"Trust him and don't go to work for a few days. I'm sure he'll figure something out.\" Jack sighed and nodded. \"I can bring you here tomorrow before I head to work. I don't want you alone until this blows over.\" He tells Jack. She nodded, understanding and agreeing. The three headed back into the living room. Jack and Don decided to head home. It was getting late and Jack was suddenly exhausted. Don held her close that night, assuring her that she was safe. He began to hum to her to calm her down. He would hum or sing when she was under a lot of stress. She slept well enough and didn't want to get up the next morning. She was comfortable and didn't want to move. Jack clung to Don as he tried to get up. He laughed softly at her and leaned over to kiss her awake. She smiled into it nd let her fingers run through his short hair. \"Good morning.\" He said quietly. Jack closed her eyes and scrunched up her face. He laughed and kissed her nose. \"Come one, we gotta get up.\" He said as he stood, tossing back the blanket. She grunted and rolled onto her stomach. \"We could both just stay here.\" Jack suggested lazily. \"I don't want to get up.\" She said. Don laughed at her as he began to get dressed. Jack eventually got out of bed and got dressed. She through on some tan slacks and a light blue shirt. sHe did her make up and smiled at her reflection. She was feeling bold and put on a bright red lipstick with black eyeliner on her top eye lids. Her hair was curled and she liked the way she looked. When they stepped outside into the rain, she wondered why she even bothered. Don laughed at her scowl as the two climbed into the car. By the time they got to Betty's, her husband was already off to work and David was still asleep. Betty had coffee waiting and breakfast on the stove. Renee was still in her pajamas and had a light blue bathrobe wrapped around her. \"Don, are you staying for breakfast?\" Betty asked as Jack kissed him on the cheek goodbye. \"No, I have to run. I'll get something to eat at the office.\" He said and kissed Jack goodbye before leaving. Jack at at the table and bid them good morning. They sat and ate and drank coffee and talked. They talked about the rain at first. Conversation then drifted to Renee and Grady. How were their dates? Was Grady being a gentleman? Those kinds of questions. Betty and Renee began asking Jack if she was excited or nervous for the wedding. Jack admitted to both. However, the last few days, she hadn't been thinking about it. Richard's sudden appearance had really spooked her at first. Now she just wanted him gone. \"I am sick of the rain.\" Jack commented as she slouched in her chair. \"I don't mind it.\" Renee stated. \" I miss it, we haven't gotten enough this year.\" \"All it did most of the year in Germany was fucking rain.\" Jack groaned. Betty laughed as she left to wake David up. Betty was taking him to a friend's house for the day. Betty and her friend would sometimes watch the other's child for the day and let the two kids play for a bit. Jack and Renee just sat and talk for a little bit while Betty was out. Jack told Renee funny stories about Grady from the war. She even told Renee about her first day in Fury, where she saved her and Grady from a grenade. Renee laughed. When Betty returned and learned they were sharing stories, Betty broke out a photo album and started telling stories about Don when they were younger. By the time Betty returned, it was already close to noon and the rain still hadn't let up. \"Where are the guys?\" Jack asked. \"Do they not come over all the time?\" Betty and Renee laughed. \"Lord no. We'd kill them if we had to see them everyday. Today it's just us girls.\" Betty told her. Jack smiled. \"Betty said something about doing dinner again tonight, though.\" Renee told her. \"Hopefully Norman's class doesn't run late again.\" Norman's classes had started up and there was one that would run late sometimes, making him late for dinner every now and then. Norman was enjoying his classes so far, they were challenging, but not overwhelming. \"I think Don is picking Norman up today before coming over.\" Betty stated and stood. \"Are you two hungry? I'm starving.\" She said and walked over to the refrigerator. Jack and Renee helped Betty make some lunch. The girls had fun just catching up and taking. They hadn't gotten much time to themselves lately and enjoyed just gossiping and being in a small group. It was a nice change. Jack was excited to have more embarrassing stories about Don. He was never going to live them down. The day passed quickly and Betty went to pick up David as evening began to come around. When Betty returned the three women began getting dinner ready, talking, laughing, just enjoying their little time left before the men invaded the house. \"Mommy.\" David said, yanking on Betty's dress. \"Mommy, wanna go outside!\" He demanded. Betty looked out to the rain and looked at David. \"Stay on the porch.\" She told him and he began to pout. \"If you don't you'll get sick again.\" She warned and David picked up his truck before heading outside. Jack laughed as the screen door shut. \"He hates the rain just as much as you, Jack.\" Betty teased and Renee snorted. \"Can't blame him.\" Jack added. They put everything on the stove and let the food cook. Betty pulled out a bottle of wine and popped it open. \"Figured we could have a bit before the boys get home.\" She explained and poured them all glasses. The women sat in the kitchen, sipping wine while the food cooked. David could hear them laughing from the front porch. They drank slowly to savor it. It was a good bottled of wine and Jack adored the flavor. Betty said she would get her a bottle as a wedding present. Conversation stopped when they heard a car pull up outside and someone close the car door. \"I wonder if it's Don or your husband.\" Jack said with a smile. \"If it si my husband, I hope he brought flowers. The ones in the dining room are basically dead.\" Betty said and Renee and Jack laughed softly as David ran inside and into the kitchen. \"Mommy, there's a man outside!\" HE said while tugging on her skirt. \"Man wants to see Jackie.\" He said pointing to Jack. Jack froze for a moment and the three women shared looks. Jack put her glass down and began to walk forward. \"Betty, keep David inside.\" She said and walked forward. Renee gently grabbed her arm. \"Jack, no.\" She pleaded. \"Are you crazy?\" Jack offered her a smile, trying to be reassuring. \"IT's possible.\" She muttered. Renee sighed and looked at her. \"Don't worry. I'll be fine.\" She said and walked away. Renee and Betty looked to each other. What do they do? Renee picked up the phone and Betty held David. She was going to call Grady. Jack stepped up to the screen door and looked out. On the walkway, Richard stood, looking at her with a relaxed face. SHE glared at him and opened the door. She didn't want him to know she was afraid of him. \"Hi, Jackie.\" HE said to her with a smile. She leaned against the pole and crossed her arms. \"Listen, I didn't mean to trash your place. I just wanted to sit down and talk. Let's sit down and talk like adults.\" He suggested with a disgusting smile. Jack didn't move. \"Answer me!\" He bit out harshly, without a smile. Jack cursed herself for flinching. \"What do you want?\" Jack asked firmly. She had an idea and it pissed her off he wouldn't just give up. \"I'd love to be invited in and out of rain-\" He started but Jack cut him off before he could take a step up the porch steps. \"Don't even think about it.\" She told him coldly. Richard glared at her. \"What do you want, Richard?\" \"I want my land. I want my money.\" He began to say but Jack stopped him. She stood up from leaning against the pole and glared. \"It's not your land and it's not your money. You were not a part of this family. My father never left you anything in his will. You were not welcome then, you are not welcome now.\" She told him firmly and shooed him. \"Now leave.\" She ordered and turned to go inside. She was sick of him and was done with his bullshit. Richard stormed up the steps and Jack knew what was coming. She tried to reach for the door but Richard grabbed her by the hair and pulled her off the porch, dragging her across the yard. \"Get the fuck off me, you animal!\" She screamed and Renee and Betty were at the front door, covering their mouths in fear for their friend. Jack grbbed his hand and yanked the fingers back sharply. She heard something crack and Richard let go with a roar of pain and outrage. Jack straightened up and saw Don's car pull up and she smiled at the sight of it. \"You fucking whore!\" Richard yelled and caught Jack with a sharp backhand. IT almost knocked her over and she heard Renee scream at Richard. Don was out of the car and shouted at Richard. Jack regained her balance and looked at Richard, furious. She would fight back this time. \"Stay the fuck out of this. It ain't your business!\" He yelled at Don as Don marched his way over to the two. Richard turned back to Jack and was met with a fist to his face. It knocked him off balance and something cracked. He began to sway and Jack's experience in Germany kicked in as she grabbed him by his shirt and yanked him down into the mud. She punched him in his face again and kneeled on his chest. \"Stay the fuck away from my family!\" She yelled in his face and let her fist connect with his face again. Boyd's car pulled up as Jack had pulled him into the mud and the three men jumped out. Norman and Boyd went up to the porch and got the women inside. Boyd came back out and stood with Grady and Gordo near Don. Jack was still punching Richard. He tried to shove her off but couldn't. Jack just kept punching him, telling him to leave. She finally stopped and held the colar of his shirt. \"You stay away! You leave and go back to PA! You stay away from me and you stay away from my family!\" She yelled. \"Got it?\" She asked and shook him. He nodded and she stood. She turned and smiled at her guys before starting to walk over to them. Before she could take a step Richard rolled and grabbed her leg, pulling her onto the ground. HSe hit the concrete walkway and the mud. Jack began screaming and kicking. She couldn't get him off and Grady and Don ran forward. Grady ran past Jack and slammed his boot into the man's foot and rolled him onto his back and stood on his chest, keeping him down. Don was crouched down, checking on Jack. Boyd came up behind them and Grodo went over to Grady. Gordo kicked the man in the ribs hard before the two picked him up and threw him in his beat up truck. \"I'm fine, I'm fine.\" Jack assured them shakily. She may have fended him off but she was still shaken. Don gently pulled her to her feet and checked her face. Somehow he didn't draw blood and Don couldn't tell if there was going to be a bruise. Boyd put hand on her shoulder and she jumped when Gordo slammed Richard's truck door closed. Don slowly pulled her to his chest. \"You with us Jack?\" He asked. She nodded and held onto him. She gripped at his shirt, still watching the truck and winced. \"Ow.\" She said and Don let her go. Jack brought her hand up to look at it. It was sore and her fingers were stiff when she tried to flex it. She winced and Boyd started to laugh quietly. Don smiled and took her hand in his. It was going to be sore for a while. \"Hey!\" Grady called. \"Tossed him in his truck. He'll get the fuck outta here when he wakes up.\" He said as he and Gordo came up to the group. Don put an arm around Jack's shaking frame and they started to head inside. Don kept an eye on her, knowing she was going to freak out soon. He could see it in her face and the was she moved. She was stiff and rigid. She made it halfway across the yard when she gasped nad put her hands up tot her mouth. She stepped back and looked at the truck. \"Oh, fuck! Oh my god.\" She started. \"Oh god, I just beat up my uncle. Oh fuck! Shit.\" She started to say and fanned her face in a panicked motion. Don waved them inside and they took the hint. Don approached her slowly and gently grabbed her shoulders. He wasn't mad and he expected her to freak out. Richard was a major point of stress for her lately. She feared him and for good reason. Don saw Richard next to Jack and wondered how she survived the visit to Pennsylvania when they first got back from Germany. \"Jack, your ok. It's ok, baby.\" He told her quietly and pulled her close. His hand wrapped around her and on hand cradled the back of her head. \"You're ok. Try to breathe.\" She took in a deep breath and exhaled shakily. \"I just beat the shit out of my uncle.\" She told him. He nodded and smiled. \"I know. I saw.\" He told her and stepped back to look her in the face. \"Told you, you could do it.\" He said with a smile. Jack blushed a bit and smiled back. He rested his head against hers. \"See? You fought back. I told you you're strong.\" He teased. She smiled and tried not to laugh. \"I think he was a bit drunk today.\" She admitted. Don shrugged and put an arm around her shoulder, leading her to the house. \"That's his problem. Let's get you out of the rain and look at that hand.\" He said. Jack nodded and the two walked to the porch. He stopped her and kissed her gently before the went in. He rested a hand on her face, a thumb rubbing her cheek. Jack frowned at him confused. He looked like he was thinking about something serious. \"What's wrong?\" She asked. He smirked. \"You look like shit.\" He told her. Jack laughed, looking at herself. She was covered in mud and soaked. He hand had blood on it, hopefully just Richards. Then she noticed she was barefoot. She laughed. \"I left my shoes.\" She giggled and Don snorted, walking off the porch. He found her shoes quickly and Betty came to the door. \"You two ok?\" She asked calmly with a small smile. Jack looked at her and nodded, sniffing. \"Yeah. I lost my shoes in the yard.\" She told Betty with a bright smile. Betty laughed. \"You would lose your shoes. Oh, Jack you are soaked.\" She said and pulled her inside as Don came up the front steps. \"You want to borrow a dress?\" She offered as the three walked down the hall. Jack nodded and smiled and was almost knocked over when Renee bumped into her and wrapped her in a hug. Jack laughed. \"Renee, I'm fine. It's ok.\" Jack told her. Renee backed up and apologized. \"I'm so sorry. Jack are you ok?\" He asked. Jack couldn't help but laugh. \"I've been through worse.\" She teased and smiled. \"Told you I'd be fine.\" Renee huffed and swatted at Jack's arm gently. \"You are crazy.\" Renee teased. Jack just nodded and agreed as they moved into the living room. Bible was playing with David and Norman was setting the table with Gordo. Jack went and changed into dry clothes. She brushed her hair and dried it with a towel. She left her soaking shoes by the back door and came back to the dining room. Betty's husband was home and everyone was sitting down. She sat next to Don and Betty handed her two ice bags. One for her hand and one for her face. \"Put this on your face, it'll keep it from bruising. The other one is for your hand.\" She explained. Jack thanked her and held the pack to her face. The cold felt nice against the stinging skin. Eating was a challenge. She would rest her sore hand in her lap with the ice bag on top of it and set down the ice for her face to eat. They had explained to Betty's husband what had happened and he was not happy. Apparently, he had a sister who married an abusive man. He was now living in California and his sister was in Delaware, happily remarried. Half way through dinner, they could hear Richard yelling at them in their front yard. Grady jumped to his feet. \"I've had enough of this fucking asshole.\" He said and stormed out. They could hear him shouting at Richard and Jack just sipped her wine. \"I hope Grady kills him.\" They hear her mutter and Boyd snorted as Don nearly spit out his drink laughing. Gordo and Norman laughed, nodding, secretly agreeing. Renee looked at her exasperated. \"I don't want him going to jail.\" Renee pointed out. \"Who says he'll get caught?\" Jack asked teasingly. Betty rolled her eyes. \"He's not going to kill him.\" Betty said and they heard the truck drive away. Grady came back inside, a satisfied smile on his face. \"You kill him?\" Jack asked. Grady smiled at her and walked past her, ruffling her hair, before sitting next to Renee again. \"Nah, just shook him up and sent him on his way.\" Grady told her and leaned back in his chair. \"He shouldn't be back.\" Jack sighed and leaned back in her seat. Grady looked at her confused. Don saw and smiled a bit, resting a hand on the back of Jack's chair. \"She was hoping you'd kill him.\" Don said and Grady snorted. \"Jack, we can't do that here. We're not in Germany.\" Gordo teased. Jack snorted and sipped more of her wine. This was her third glass total and he was almost finished. Don considered moving the glass away from her reach but thought better of it. Dinner was pleasant and light. Everyone's moods had gone up significantly. Jack smiled all night and laughed with the rest of them. Don watched her and saw that she was relaxed and unworried. His own worry slipped away, relieved to see she had found her strength and determination again. Sorry the ending is abrupt. Im tired of writing this chapter. Sorry if its shitty and rushed. Let me know what you think. GUESS WHAT FUCKING CHAPTER IS NEXT[Chapter 24] Wedding Day- Thinking out loud by ed sheeran Jack woke up with a bit of a headache and it took her a minute to remember where she was. She wasn't at the apartment, she was in a house. She was at Betty's house. Why was she there? What day was it? Why was Betty opening up the curtains and Renee jumping on her bed like it was Christmas. \"Jack! Jack get up you need to get ready?\" Renee told her with a big smile on her face. Jack groaned and rolled over, pulling a pillow over her head. \"Why? Lemme stay in bed.\" She grunted. Jack was tired and her head throbbed. Was She hungover? Think back, she could conclude she was. Her and Renee had been drinking last night with Betty but Betty stuck with wine. \"Jack, it's your wedding day. Get up you need to get ready.\" Betty told her. Jack froze before sitting up quickly, letting the pillow fall away. It was her wedding day. Betty laughed. \"There's food in the kitchen. I'm going to go drop David off at the boys. Ill be back soon. Hurry up and eat.\" Betty instructed and left, grabbing David before heading out the door. \"Why aren't you hung over?\" Jack asked Renee as they sat at the kitchen table. Renee laughed. \"Because I didn't drink as much as you and I had water before I fell asleep. You passed out on the couch.\" Renee told her with a smug smile. Jack rubbed her face and Renee laughed. \"Eat, you'll feel better.\" She said, pushing a plate towards her. \"I know.\" Jack said with a small smile. \"SO what are we doing first? Hair or makeup?\" When Betty returned, she went straight to work on Jack's hair. This gave Renee a chance to get into her dress and do her make up. Betty would help her with her hair while Jack was getting dressed. Jack's hair was curled into large ringlets before being pulled back and pinned up. Betty finished it up with the small bird cage veil. Renee had made the three of them lunch while Jack's hair was being done. Once she finished cooking, she slipped into her dress and put her face on. Renee looked stunning. \"Wow, Renee. You look amazing.\" Jack said. \"Carefull, Grady might not be able to keep his hands off you.\" She teased. Betty yanked at Jack's hair hard enough to elicit a yelp. Betty and Renee Laughed. \"Behave.\" Betty ordered before adding the veil. \"Maybe we should to the make up before we put the veil on.\" Renee pointed out. Betty looked and nodded in agreement before taking the veil off again. \"I'm going to go get dressed. I can do your hair after.\" \"Sounds good.\" Renee said. \"So Jack, what were you thinking as far as what you want for your face?\" Jack settled with simple winged eyeliner and bold red lipstick. She was going for a simple, clean look. Her dress was simple so she felt her makeup and hair should be simple. After the mascara was applied as the final touch. Jakc looked in the mirror and beamed. \"Renee, it's perfect.\" She said turning back to the girl. \"Where would I be without you and Betty?\" Renee laughed. \"Still in bed, hung over.\" Renee answered. Jack laughed, knowing that would be true. Betty came back in with her hair curled but she was not in her dress. \"Renee, she looks beautiful!\" Betty stated. \"We make a good team, Betty.\" Renee told her. \"Come here, let me do your hair.\" Betty said, motioning to a chair. \"Jack, go put your dress on.\" Jack rolled her eyes with a small smile and obeyed. When Jack walked back into the room in her dress, Renee was working on Betty's make up. She stopped and her jaw dropped. Betty smiled at Jack. Jack felt herself blushing. She fiddled with one of her pearl earings. The earings matched the pear necklace that rested just under her collar bone. \"Jack, you look beautiful!\" Betty told her. \"You've seen me in the dress before!\" Jack stated. \"But not with your hair and ake up done!\" Renee countered. \"Oh, I'm going to cry!\" \"Oh, stop, Renne.\" Jack teased with a smile. The three women stopped when they heard the screen door open and shut. \"Hello?\" Hey heard Norman call out. \"In here!\" Betty called. Norman walked back to the bedroom and stopped short when he saw Jack. \"Woah.\" He said quietly. Jack frowned and put her hands on her hips. \"What?\" \"You look amazing, Jack!\" He told her. \"Wow, you look so different.\" \"Norman, you've been seeing me in dresses for about a year now.\" She told him. \"Jack, I met you when you were covered in mud and just got out of the hospital. Dresses are weird but this just takes the cake.\" He told her. Jack rolled her eyes with a small smile. Norman walked over and gave her a gentle hug. She hugged him back. \"Bet you never thought we'd end up here, hu?\" She whispered to him quietly, almost sadly. Norman let her go and looked at her with the same sadness. He nodded. \"No, I never thought I'd go to my tank mates wedding.\" He told her. \"Never even thought I'd be in a tank with a girl.\" He teased. She snorted and swatted his arm. He laughed at her. Soon enough, everyone was ready to go and Norman took them outside to the car. He would be driving them to the church. Don had lent him his car. Boyd was driving everyone else. Jack didn't feel nervous. She was excited, something in her gut ws telling her this ws right. This was how it was supposed to be. Jack waited with Renee, Betty and Norman behind the doors that lead to the church. Jack was grinning ear to ear and practically bouncing in her shoes with excitement. Boyd was fussing with Don's tie hurriedly. Don coudlnt help but feel nervous. He didn't know why. He wasn't this nervous the first time he got married. Maybe that was sign that this one would be the right one. Deep in his bones he knew this was right. The organ music started playing and Don swatted away Boyd's hands and turned to face the door. When Jack began to finally walk down the aisle, Don couldn't help but stare in awe. Jack saw and blushed. She looked down slightly and smiled softly. She was radiant. Norman noticed the interaction and smiled, leading Jack up to the alter. When the boys saw her, Gordo elbowed Grady who elbowed Boyd, who elbowed him back before elbowing Don. Gordo and Grady tried so hard to stifle their snickering. Don just let them be, his attention was all on Jack. The wedding flew by quickly, and before Jack knew it, her and Don were kissing, ending the ceremony. She kissed her husband deeply and Don kissed his wife with as much enthusiasm. Jack laughed as people cheered and clapped. The two were lead outside to Don's car. Norman would be driving them to the wedding reception. It was in a hall that had white canopies draped from the ceiling and wrapped around the pillars. The place was well lit and the ables had soft white cloth drapped over them. The whole room was beautiful and Jack couldn't help but smile. Jack and Don sat together, holding onto the other's hand. Both couldn't stop smiling. Boyd gave a wonderfull best man's speech and to Jacks joy, he omitted any parts about her being in Germany. Jack danced with all the boys in her tank and took time greeting everyone. Dolores was able to make it and Boyd danced with his wife. Jack smiled at the love between them. She was thrilled to see McMurphy there. She danced with him and laughed when he asked if her injuries healed ok. The food was amazing and the whole affair was spectacular. Norman brought Lily and Jack was pleased to see her again. She couldn't help but laugh at the first time she met Lily. Don and Norman rode together to pick up Lily. Lily was a beautiful young woman. She had soft red hair and warm brown eyes. Her smile was soft and her voice flowed like a lullaby. Don saw how she looked at Norman and saw the affection betweent he two. He couldn't help but grin to himself. The introduction to Don went painless. Both were polite and Don held simple conversations on the ride back, asking how she was, about the weather, Norman's college plans. Norman didn't start to worry until they arrived at Betty's house. The boys were already there and he could hear Jack shouting at someone before they got inside. Norman looked at Lily and relaxed slightly when she smiled at him comfortingly. She looked relaxed and unbothered by the shouting and swearing. Don entered and pulled Jack away from and argument with Grady. Jack was startled by his arrival and grinned brightly at him. Grady and Gordo and Jack spotted the new woman and were about to rush over to her and start drilling her with questions. Renee grabed Grady and Don kept his arms around Jack, not letting her move. Gordo made it over and to Norman's surprise, he offered his hand. Lily smiled and they went though introductions. Everyone was very well behaved to Norman's surprise. He went the whole afternoon waiting for something to happen, just waiting. The anticipation was excrutiating. But everyone was on their best behavior. Jack kept sending Norman sly looks as if she had something planned, but nothing happened. It set Norman on edge. They were halfway through lunch when Lily called them out on their behavior. \"I take it everyone is trying to behave because I am here.\" She stated, looking at Jack with calm face. Jack looked startled. \"Either you are trying to act normal for Norman's sake, or you are doing it to scare him. I'm guessing you are trying to scare him.\" \"How could you tell?\" Jack asked after a long silence with a loud laugh. Boyd and Don started laughing quietly. Lily smiled brightly. \"I could hear everyone on the phone last week. From that and the stories Norman tells me, I know this isn't normal behavior for you all.\" Lily explained. \"hey, she's a smart one, Norman.\" Gordo said, elowing the kid. \"You gotta keep her man.\" He teased. Grady laughed and Renee elbowed him, trying not to laugh herself. \"Thank god, I was getting tired of trying to behave.\" Jack said and leaned back in her chair with a huff. She relaxed into the seat and Don laughed at her. \"You weren't really going to do anything?\" Norman asked, surprised at the reveal. \"Please, watching you suffer in silence was enough.\" Jack explained. \"You should have seen your fucking face when Gordo introduced himself.\" Grady laughed. Norman looked at Lily incredulously when she started laughing along. \"He's right. It was pretty funny.\" She told him and rested a hand on his arm. \"Not as funny as when that big ass spider was in Jack's bed.\" Gordo said. Jack stopped laughing and frowned. \"I told you guys it was reall. Ya'll thought it was just the medicine.\" She defended. Lily laughed. \"What spider? Norman hasn't told me this story yet.\" Lily asked. Boyd took the time to tell the story. The rest of the afternoon actually went by smoothly and Lily even stayed for dinner. Nothing horribly embarrassing happened. Grady and Jack didn't even try to out drink each other. However, Jack did get Lily to drink a little. Jack thought the young girl was adorable and was surprised when she could keep up with Jack. Even after they stopped trying to be on their best behavior, they weren't even that bad. It made Norman realise he had nothing to worr about. Lily got along well with everyone. It was really weird. Seeing everyone and dancing with everyone was amazing and brought a smile to Jack's face and warmed her heart. However, her favorite part of the evening was the first dance with Don. It was just Don and Jack on the dance floor. He held her close and smiled down at her with pure love. She couldn't help but return the look. The rest of the world melted away and it was just the two of them dancing. They danced and spun and smiled. Don ended the dance with sending Jack into a gentle dip before pulling her up and kissing her softly, letting her know how much he loved her. People applauding and Grady and Gordo hollering pulled them back into reality. Norman was the first to come over and congratulate them. Jack hugged him gently. Hell, she hugged everyone. Grady picked her up and spun her, just like he always would. The reception was beautiful but all good things come to an end. AS the party ended, Don and Jack went to his car and drove off. For their honeymoon, the two decided to just stay home for three days. After everything that had been going on the past few weeks, hell months, they just wanted to go home and be together. It had been a while since Jack and Don could just spend a day relxing together. Don had stayed the night before with the boys in the motel. Richard and Jack's friends from the library had gone over and decorated. Jack and Don smiled when they saw what was done. On the table was a basket holding deserts and a very expensive bottle of wine. It had been placed there about an hour ago, before the reception ended. Rose petals had been scattered around and a banner saying congratulations hung in the kitchen. The door man had lit the candles moments before they arrived. The lights were off and with all the candles and the small lanern on the table, they didn't need them. Don closed the front door as Jack walked into the kitchen and smiled. Frank Sinatra was playing soflty from the living room. IT was laways frank Sinatra and Jack laughed softly. She undid the wine bottle and began pouring them each a glass. Don came up behind her and kissed her neck softly, sending shivers down her back. \"You're beautiful, baby.\" He whispered, letting his arms wrap around her. She turned and handed him a glass of wine. \"You look very handsome yourself, Sergeant Collier.\" Jack teased. Don smiled and kissed her, ignoring his glass of wine. He set it back on the table. \"I'm glad you approve, Mrs. Collier.\" He said and Jack giggled. \"I like the sound of that.\" She said. He msiled and went to kiss her again but she stopped him. \"Uh-uh. You're gonna have a few sips of wine before you kiss me again. This is good wine, we aren't waisting it.\" She insisted. Don smiled at her and the two took a sip. It was really good. \"Wow.\" Don said and looked at the bottle. \"What is this?\" \"I don't know but it's amazing.\" Jack said and took another sip. Don took one as well. It was expensive for a reason. Don put the glass down and removed her birdcage from her hair. Jack took another sip of wine and smiled before setting her own glass down. She wrapped her hands behind his neck and looked up to him. He smiled before leaning down to kiss her. They kissed deeply. Don broke away from her soft lips and began to kiss down her face and to her neck. Jack let her head fall back as her husband kissed and sucked at her neck, leaving little marks. She bit her lip when he bit her neck. She pulled at his short hair gently. She felt him tug at the zipper of her dress and she laughed before gently pushing him back. \"Let me take it off. I don't want to just leave it on the floor.\" She told him gently. Don back up and she walked away towards the bedroom. Don followed close behind, removing his jacket and tossing it on a chair. Jack turned to him. \"Pick it up and put it where it belongs.\" sHe told him with a soft smile. Don grinned and just looked at her before picing it up and putting it on the hanger. Jack went about taking off her shoes, stocking and jewelry. She set them on her dress and reached back to get the zipper. She couldn't quite reach it. \"Don had already removed his shirts, shoes, and belt when he notice dher struggling. HE laughed softly and came up behind her. He moved her hands away and slowly unzipped the dress. Jack stepped out of it and turned to take it from him but he tossed it onto a chair neatly. Jack pursed her lips and crossed her arms, giving him a look. He laughed and took her face in his hands. \"So this is what married life will be like.\" He teased and kissed her softly. He could feel her smiling. He broke the kiss and began removing the pins from her hair. The dark curls fell about her shoulders. Her had gotten so long. Don looked at her for a small while, just looking at her. \"Beautiful.\" He whispered before holding her waist and pulling her close, kissing her tenderly, slowly. Jack let her hands trace up his chest and to his neck. Don dropped his hands to grab her legs suddenly and picked her up. She squeaked and grabbed his shoulders as she wrapped her legs around his middle. Jack laughed as he spun them and dropped them on the bed. Don kissed her as if he couldn't get enough of her, of her laugh, or her smile, or how her hair smelled when he buried his face in her neck. Jack matched him in passion as she kissed him back, trailed her hadns over his chest and onto his back, and dragged her nails across the skin on his back as they loved. Jack had missed this, missed finding comfort in his arms like this, missed feeling safe enough to give him the attention he deserved. She missed loving him like this. Don had missed it too. With the stress of the last few months, with the crash, the nightmares before that, the wedding, with Richard and his issues, Jack was unfocused and tense. But now she was relaxed, completely oblivious to the world. Don was relieved to have her back, to have her feel safe again in his arms. Don loved his wife, and Jack loved her husband. There was no doubt about it. Jack rested her head on her husband's chest, listening to his heart beat, listening to every breath he took, as Don ran his hand through is wife's hair. They lay there together, content, peacefull, happy. Jack couldn't help the butterflies rising in her stomach as she thought. She was lying next to her husband. She was married. She married the man she loved more than anyone she had ever loved before. And she was so happy. She couldn't fight the tears that rolled down her face. She brought a hand up to wipe them away and it caught her husband's attention. \"Jack?\" He asked, sitting up slightly. \"Jack, what's wrong, baby?\" She sniffed and looked up to him smiling. \"I married my husband.\" She told him. He looked at her with a small smile. \"I'm just, I don't know, I'm just so happy.\" She admitted. Don laughed softly and wiped away a tear. Her make up was running and her hair was a mess and she looked beautiful. He kissed her softly before pulling back and smiling at her. \"Iche libe dich.\" He told her. She laughed. \"I love you, too.\" She told him. She had the sheet pulled up to her chest and Don started tuggin at it. \"What are you trying to hide?\" He teased and Jack giggled. \"It's not like I haven't seen it before.\" Jack laughed at him and swatted his hand away before frowning. Don frowned as well. \"You smell that?\" Jack asked. Don nodded. \"Is something burning?\" She asked. They sat and sniffed at the air. In a heart beat, Don was up, pulling on his pants and out the room before Jack could even get up. She walked out of the room wrapped in the sheet. She went to the hallway where Don was putting out a burning decoration. \"Oh my gosh!\" She yelled. \"What happened?\" She yelled, trying not to laugh. Don put it out and chuckled. \"The candles.\" He said. We forgot to put them out.\" He explained and Jack giggled. Don began blowing them out and Jack lew out the ones in the kitchen after turning on a light. They stood laughing in the kitchen. \"We forgot about the music, too.\" Jack commented and went into the living room to turn it off. She came back to see Don had tucked the bottle of wine under his arm, grabbed the glasses and grabbed a box of chocolate covered strawberries. \"What are you doing?\" She asked with a smile. He grinned at her. \"I'm in the mood for some desert.\" He said and began walking back to the bedroom. \"You coming?\" He asked. Jack giggled and followed after him, grinning ear to ear. Sorry it's so short. And that it took so long. Hope you enjoyed it, please comment. Don't worry the story is far from over. But all good things come to an end. It was fun writing all this happy stuff, but let's be honest, this is Jack we are talking about. Nothing stays perfect forever. Someone's gonna die. Just kidding. I'm probably not gonna kill anyone. But[Chapter 25] Before long, people had to go back home. Gordo and Grady returned back to their small town and Dolores and Boyd went home to their lives. Renee was living with a friend in a small town so she didn't have to live with her overbearing mother. To Norman's horror, the small town was right next to the town with Grady and Gordo. Jack swore poor Norman was going to have an ulcer before he's 25. Jack and Don saw everyone off either at a train station or waving them off as Boyd drove away. Don and Jack fell back into normal life and a sense of bliss seemed to settle around them. Norman was back in classes and doing well. When October hit, Dolores had her baby. Don, Jack and Norman drove up to see them and the baby. Norman and Lily were getting along well and had even visited the Collier's for dinner a few times. Ife was good. It was a week before Thanksgiving and saying Jack was excited was an understatement. She was thinking about inviting the boys back but wasn't sure if Dolores would be up for travel with the new baby. Maybe Jack would invite everyone for Christmas or New Years. Jack was sitting at the kitchen table looking through a cookbook she had checked out of the library. She was looking for some good thanksgiving foods. Maybe she would bake a pie tomorrow to test out a recipe. She flicked her cigarette ash into the ash tray next to her and flipped the page. It was a quiet afternoon and dinner was on the stove. Don would be home any minute. When a knock sounded from the front door, Jack looked up and frowned in confusion. Fear flashed through her, what if Don was in another accident? She shook her head. She couldn't think like that. Jack stood, leaving her cigarette in the ash tray and moved to the door. The person knocked again. \"I'm coming.\" Jack called out softly as she moved down the hall. Jack smoothed out her brown dress and opened the door. Her face expressed confusion. There were three men in suits and Jack immediately felt in danger. She swallowed her fear and kept the door between her and the men. Where was Don? \"Can I help you?\" She asked politely. \"We are looking for Mrs. Jacqueline Collier.\" The man in front said calmly. Jack nodded. \"That would be me. Who are you?\" She asked, fear creeping into her veins. Something was wrong. She should shut the door and wait for Don to come home. One man she would be fine. Two, she could probably handle. Three? That was her limit. She would put up a good fight but she didn't want to risk it. \"My name is Detective Jones. Ma'am, please step out of the apartment.\" Jones ordered. Jack frowned. \"What is this about?\" She asked. Jack wasn't leaving her apartment willingly. \"Ma'am, I'm asking you, please step out from behind the door.\" Jones said again, tone growing firmer. Jack shook her head. \"Not until you tell me what's going on.\" She said firmly. Jones sighed and the man to his left rubbed his head at his answer. Before Jack could realize what was going on, Jones had reached out and snatched her wrist, pulling her out of the apartment. \"Hey! Let me go!\" Jack shouted and began to pull back. Jones spun her and pinned her against the wall face first and brought her hands behind her back. Jack struggled. \"Jacqueline Collier, you are under arrest-\" Jones began but Jack cut him off. \"Let me go! What for? I didn't do anything!\" She shouted. Jones pulled her off the wall and began escorting her down the hall. \"Let go! You can't do this! I didn't do shit!\" She yelled as she tried to rip her arm away from his grip. As they lead her out the front door, Jack her someone call out to her. She turned to see her husband running over. \"Jack!\" He called out and she stopped. The detective tried to get her to keep walking. Don reached them and the two stopped him from reaching Jack. \"Back off!\" He shouted. \"What the hell is going on? Where the hell are you taking my wife?\" He shouted, outraged. \"Don, don't let them take me.\" Jack yelled out. She was terrified. She was handcuffed and she couldn't help but feeling like she did when the Nazi's took her. She was panicking. As Jones pulled her away she started screaming and calling out more franticly. \"Jack! Hey! Let her go!\" Don yelled and struggled with the two men as Jack was shoved into the back of a car. \"Who the hell are you, where the fuck are you taking my wife?\" Don yelled at the men. \"Sir, we are taking her in for a few questions.\" One man said. \"We will bring her home later this evening when we are finished asking questions.\" \"Just questions, hu?\" Don challenged. \"Why the fuck did you handcuff her?\" \"She got aggressive. Took a swing at one of us, we had to restrain her.\" The second man explained. Don didn't buy it. \"She tried to hit you because you have questions?\" Don asked, not believing them for a minute. The two men glanced at each other before the first spoke up again. \"Have a good evening Mr. Collier.\" He said as they walked back to the car. \"It's Sergeant Collier!\" He yelled after them. The last he saw of Jack was her terrified face looking back at him through the rear window. Don couldn't remember the last time his felt this helpless. \"Shit! Fuck!\" He yelled and ran a hand through his hair. Three men just hauled off his wife and there was nothing he could do. He didn't know what to do. What does he do? Don headed back to his car and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. He smoked on the way to Betty's house. The moment he pulled up to the house, he was out of the car and running up the yard and the porch. He didn't even knock on the front door. He just opened it and blew through. \"Betty!\" He called as he entered the living room and made his way to the kitchen. \"Betty!\" He called. He stopped turned the corner and entered the dinning room where Betty, Daniel and Betty's husband were sitting. Betty was standing but froze at the sight of her brother. His eyes were red and he looked like he was about to start crying. He couldn't speak and waved a hand in a direction as he tried to say something. All he could do was utter sounds. He ran a hand down his face and the only sentence he could get out was \"Aw hell.\" \"Don, are you alright?\" Betty asked as she walked over to her brother. \"Don, what's going on? Where's Jack?\" She asked as she rested her hands on his arms. \"I don't know. Betty, I don't know what to do. They took my wife. They took her.\" He said quietly. Betty looked taken aback. Her jaw dropped. They stood in silence for a few beats before her husband stood. \"I'll take David to bed.\" He said. \"Come on, sport.\" \"Oh, I don't wanna!\" David argued. David and his father left the room, leaving Betty and Don in the room. Betty lead Don into her living room and sat him on the couch. He rested his head in his hands and took in a ragged breath. He was barely keeping it together. How could he? His wife was just kidnapped and there wasn't anything he could do. He saw the badges, he couldn't punch a detective. Betty sat next to him. \"Don, what's going on?\" She asked. Don lifted his head and looked at her. \"Three detectives.\" He said. \"They took her away. Cuffed her and put her in the back of a car.\" Don rubbed his hands together slowly, nervously. \"I couldn't do a damn thing. She was terrified, Betty. You should have seen her face. God, she hasn't looked that freaked since…\" Don trailed off, not finishing the story. Betty put a hand on his back. He was really torn up about this. \"Don, if it's the police, she'd be safe, right?\" Betty asked softly. \"I'm sure this is all just a misunderstanding.\" \"They said they had a few questions, but they cuffed her and dragged her away, Betty. Something is wrong, I can feel it.\" He said quietly as he looked at his sister. Betty looked at him. \"Did they say when she would be released?\" Betty asked. \"Sometime tonight.\" Don said with a sigh and looked up to the ceiling. What should he do? \"You should have seen her face. And I couldn't help her.\" \"You need to be there when she comes home.\" Betty said softly. She was worried for Jack, Don's story left so many questions that neither had the answer to. They would have to wait. \"Do you want me to wait with you at the apartment?\" She asked. Don shook his head and stood. \"No. I'll just go home and wait for them to bring her back.\" He said quietly. Betty stood and looked at her brother before heading down a hall towards the bedrooms. He could hear Betty and her husband talking. Don began walking to leave when Betty came running through the house. \"Wait!\" She called as she put her coat on. \"I'm coming with you. I don't want you in that apartment alone.\" She explained with a small smile. Don paused before hugging his sister, startling her. She smiled and hugged him back. \"Let's get you home. Have you eaten yet?\" She asked as they walked out to the car. \"No, Jack was making dinner.\" Don said. He remembered something. \"I hope she took it off the stove.\" He said and Betty laughed softly. \"Let's get there quickly just in case.\" Jack sat in a stiff chair at a table in a dark room that had one light. IT was a desk lamp and a man in a suit sat across from her, looking at two files. Her legs were crossed and she tapped her foot nervously as she smoked. They still kept her in the handcuffs. She had been there for an hour and no one had said a word to her. The man cleared his throat and Jack froze, waiting for him to speak. He just shifted some papers around and kept reading as he sipped from some coffee. Jack smoked her cigarette and dropped the butt into the ashtray and drummed her fingers on the table impatiently. The man cleared his throat again and Jack looked up, worry lacing through her veins. She scowled when he just kept reading. Jack had enough. Jack jumped to her feet and slammed her hands on the desk, startling the man to look up to her, adjusting his glasses. Jack glared at him and he just lifted an eyebrow. \"Why the fuck am I here?\" Jack asked. \"I have been sitting in this damn room for an hour now. No one has told me what the fuck is going on, heaven knows what my husband thinks!\" Jack shouted. Her voice grew louder as she got angrier. \"You keep me handcuffed here, waiting for someone to fucking tell me what the hell is going on! And you, you sit there, clearing your damn throat and reading, ignoring me. You guys dragged me in here, do't just fucking act like I don't exist or I swear to God I will walk out this fucking door!\" She yelled, slamming her hands on the desk again. The man smiled, finding something funny. \"I'd like to see you try.\" HE bluffed. Jack quirked her eyebrow before turning and walking to the door. The man was taken aback. She was actually going to try and leave? \"Ah, wait. Ma'am, you can't do that.\" He said. She looked at him, determination blazing in her eyes. \"Watch me.\" She said and opened the door. She walked through only to be dragged back in by two more men. They forced her back into her seat and the man across from her could see murder in her eyes. He cleared his throat and she pinned him with a look of pure hatred. \"Mrs. Collier.\" He said as he organized the files again. \"You were a soldier in the past war, is that correct?\" He asked. She nodded. \"You worked in a tank for the entirety of your time in Germany, correct?\" He asked. Jack nodded. \"I am also under the impression you speak fluent German. Am I right to assume this?\" HE asked. Jack nodded again. He sighed and closed the files. \"Mrs. Collier, we have reason to believe there is a large number of Germans trying to restart the Nazi party. We would like to send you and other agents to Germany. Your job would be to relay information between the American party that is currently occupying a section of Berlin and other agents in the field. Your job would be to carry messages to and from each agent.\" He explained. He paused here and let her take in the information nd judge her reaction. Jack sat back in her chair and looked at the man in front of her. After all the time she spent in Germany, all the shit she had to deal with, she finally settled into life back in the States. And they wanted to send her back? \"Find someone else.\" She said firmly. \"I'm done here, take me home.\" Jack ordered standing. \"Mrs. Collier,\" The man said quietly. \"If you refuse to take this assignment, I will have you arrested for treason. You will be taken to a federal prison with no hope of seeing your husband again.\" Jack stared at him. \"How dare you-\" Jack started. He cut her off. \"No, how dare you? A true patriot would jump at the chance to do something meaningful for their country.\" He told her. Jack's head nearly flew off her shoulders. \"Excuse me? I fought in the fucking war for this country!\" She shrieked. \"I planted my ass in a fucking tank, risked my life every damn day, lost friends, defended this country and you dare accuse me of being unpatriotic?\" Jack yelled. \"Where the fuck were you?\" She asked. The man laughed quietly to himself. \"Sit down, Mrs. Collier.\" He said. Jack and the mn had a small stare off before Jack sat down. \"You will be going to Germany or you will be going to jail. Understand?\" Jack remained silent and settled for glaring at him. \"Very well. Here is a list of our agents who are already over there. You will be working with them. You have three days to memorize their faces and aliases. You will be put on a plane in three days. Until then you are going to remain here where we will brief you on everything you need to know.\" He said. Jack's jaw dropped. \"I can't even say goodby to my husband?\" She yelled, outraged as the man stood. \"Too risky. We don't want someone figuring out what you are doing.\" He explained. \"Understand that if your cover is blown, you will most likely be shot on the spot by the enemy.\" Jack stared at him. She had no choice. She was being shipped back to Germany. She was going to have to be working with the same men she tried to kill when she was in the war. Wouldn't someone recognize her? Fear made her heart race. \"Ma'am, if you right a letter, I will personally deliver it to your husband when I go to collect your clothes. We will be packing anything you will need for your journey.\" \"How long?\" Jack asked, not looking at the man as he walked to the door. \"I'm sorry?\" He asked, pausing. \"How long will I be there?\" Jack asked quietly. When the man didn't respond, Jack turned to look at him. The man in the suit looked at her with pity before heading out the door. He had no idea. Jack rested her head in her hands. She refused to cry, she would not cry. She sat there for a few moments, thinking about Don. She couldn't bare the thought of how this would affect him. She prayed to god he would be alright. Jack slowly lifted her head and reached for the pen and paper the man had left behind. She began writing her letter. Don and Betty took turns sleeping on the couch or reading. No one came to the apartment. At around eight in the morning, Don woke up from his two hours of sleeping and walked into the kitchen where Betty sat with a cup of coffee and a book. Don rubbed his face. \"Betty, I don't think they're coming.\" Don said. Betty looked up to her brother with sad eyes. \"I'm going to go home and see David, get some sleep and change. I'll be back later to check on you.\" She said. She stared at her brother. \"Don, get some sleep. We will figure this out. I promise.\" Don looked at her with sadness. Betty was crushed. She had never seen her brother so distraught. How could she promise that? He thought to himself. Don nodded anyway. Betty offered a small smile before leaving. When Don was left in the apartment, he was nearly overwhelmed with the silence. He showered, drank some coffee and got dressed. He needed to go to work. The day was long and Don couldn't focus on his work. He kept nodding off at his desk, no matter how much coffee he drank. He needed sleep. No. What he needed was Jack back safe and sound. But he couldn't do anything about it yet. Maybe he should call Ryan. Don thought the idea over for the rest of the day. He decided that once he got home, he would call Ryan, see what he can do. It wasn't much, but it was something. And it got Don through the day. Don made it back to the apartment around dinner time and found it empty. He didn't expect her to be home, but he had hoped. He set his briefcase on the table and headed to the bedroom to take off his coat and tie. He was startled to see someone had gone through his and Jack's dresser. On top of it was two letters. He ran over. One was from Jack and one was blank. He ripped open the blank one first, making sure it wasn't some ransom note or anything. He read it three times. Jack was recruited by a government agency that requested her help with an important task. She would be leaving the country and they are unable to determine how long it will take to complete the task. They would keep him updated on her well being and contact him if there is anything they feel he needs to know. The letter was so fucking vague. Don felt the need to punch a wall in frustration. He ducked his head and breathed heavily. They took her and now they don't know when she'll be back? The fuck are they doing? Don took a few minutes to digest the small letter before lifting the envelope from Jack. He held it in his hands before turning and sitting on their bed. He noticed that Jack's dog tags were gone from her nightstand as well. He flipped the envelope a few times in his hand before opening it. My Dear Husband, Don, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me. I wish with every ounce of my soul I could tell you everything. Please, even though I cannot tell you everything, find comfort in the fact that I am safe and I love you will all my heart. I am so sorry to say I do not know when I can come home. Even worse, I will not be able to see you before I leave. I wish I could see you, just one last time before I leave. If I had a choice, I would be back home with you. It pains me to tell you, but I feel I must. I am returning to Germany. And I must confide in you, my husband, I am terrified. Don, I am so scared of returning to that hell. I fear the days ahead may be just as horrid as the days in the war and I will have no one with me. I will not have you and the boys to defend, I will not have you and the boys to protect me. I will be so alone and I am so, so scared. But the hope of returning home to you, home where I am safe, gives me hope. I will come home again, I swear to you. No matter how long I am kept in Germany, I will come home. I wish I could tell you more, but I don't even know much more than this. Please let everyone know I love them and will keep them in my thoughts. I will reach out to you the first chance I can. They are going to regulate when I can contact you and what I can say, so I am unsure when I will be able to write you again. For now, I must go. I miss you and love you. Please take care and keep me in your prayers. I love you so much, my husband. Love Always, Your Wife, Jacqueline Germany. Jack was going back into Germany alone. Don sat on the bed, completely off guard. Jack was leaving for Germany and no one knew when she would come home. How does he react to this? What does he do? He needed to stay strong, he knew this. He had to stay strong for when she came home. If she came home. Don was startled out of his thoughts when someone was knocking on the door. He stood and walked to the door, Jack's letter in his hand. He opened the front door to see Betty standing there. She smiled and stepped inside as he closed the doors. She saw how his shoulders had dropped and the letter in his hand. \"Did she some back?\" Betty asked. Don shook his head and lead Betty back down the hall. \"No, either she or someone else came here and packed up some of her clothes. They left two letters. One from some government organization and the other from Jack. Here is the letter she left.\" Don said as he handed the letter to his sister. \"You should sit.\" He said. Don made his way over to the stove and counter. The first thing he did was get a pot of coffee going before reaching for his ciagaretes. HE lit one and got dinner cooking. It took Betty a few minutes to get through the letter. When Don turned to look at her, there were teas in his sister's eyes. \"Don, I'm so sorry.\" She whispered as she walked over to him. Betty hugged her brother tightly. \"I am so sorry.\" Don hugged her back. \"She'll be ok. She said she was safe.\" Don said. \"She'll come home soon.\" He told her, trying to reassure her and himself. Don thought how many times he would have to say this. Who would need to know? Norman, oh god, he had to tell Norman. When Betty relased him he grunted and headed to the phone. \"Don, who are you calling?\" She asked. Don just looked at her before he had to talk on the phone. \"Norman, it's Don.\" He said ad paused as Norman spoke. \"I'm alright. Are you in the middle of anything?\" He asked. Norman responded quickly and Don spoke again. \"Norman, I need you to come over when you can. It's no rush, I just have to talk to you. No, everyone is ok. Just come when you can.\" Don said before hanging up. \"You're going to tell Norman?\" Betty asked. \"He needs to know. He's family.\" Don said. \"I want to tell him before I tell the rest of the boys. Her leaving affects him directly.\" \"Maybe he should stay here in the apartment with you. I don't want you stuck in here alone when Jack's gone.\" Betty said. Don understood her concern. \"I don't need him here. He might be better off at the school with his friends and peers. They'll keep him busy.\" Don explained. \"I'm not gonna stick him here with an old grump like me.\" Betty laughed a bit. \"Don, you're not an old grump.\" Betty said. \"If you're old, that makes me ancient.\" \"You are ancient.\" Don teased bluntly. Betty smacked his arm and walked over to a cabinet. She pulled out a wine bottle and a few glasses. \"Pour one for me. I'm gonna need it.\" Norman sat back in his seat with a look of shock and loss. Don passed him a glass of wine. Norman took it and drank before speaking. He looked around, as if he was hoping Jack would pop out and it was all a joke. \"So she's really gone?\" He asked, looking at Don. The look on Don's face reflected the same look of defeat on his first night in the tank, when they all thought they would die. Don sighed through his nose and looked at his sister before looking back at Norman. He nodded. \"She's gone for now. This is temporary. Jack will be back.\" Don said gently. Norman nodded and took a sip of the wine again. \"How long is she gone for?\" Norman asked, looking at the siblings. The two looked at each other before answering Norman. \"We don't know.\" Don said. \"No one knows how long she will be gone or what she will be doing in Germany.\" Don paused. \"She said she'll come back home. I believe her. She's never gone back on her word and has always found a way back. She'll get through this and so will we. We just gotta be patient.\" \"She'll write when she can, right?\" Norman asked. Don nodded. \"Let me know when she does?\" \"You'll be the first to know.\" Don promised and stood. \"I have to call Boyd, Grady and Gordo. Tell them what's going on. Help yourself to more food.\" Norman nodded and stood, heading over to the food on the stove. He heard as Don spread the news. They didn't take it well. Boyd had actually decided to drive down that night. He would be there by morning. \"You should call McMurphy.\" Norman said when Don sat down again. Don looked at Norman. \"They were close in Germany. He should know.\" Norman explained. Don looked at him before nodding and standing to go to the phone again. Norman stood as well. \"Don, I can tell him.\" Norman said. Don shook his head. \"No, I need to tell him.\" He said. \"Jack is my wife, I need to tell him.\" Don said as he went back to the phone. The mood for the rest of the night was somber. You would think someone died. Although, that may not be far from the truth. Betty left after all the phone calls, she needed to go home to her family and Don wanted her to go be with them. Norman ended up staying on the couch for the night. He went back to his campus the next day and didn't go to his classes. The sense of loss hung around everyone involved. Grady had told Renee and Boyd had told Dolores. When Boyd had arrived at Don's apartment, they sat and had lunch. Don hadn't gone in to work. He needed a day. He got Boyd some coffee and they ate together. They sat in silence for a few minutes and Boyd could read him like a book. \"It's not your fault.\" Boyd said, sipping his coffee. \"Bullshit.\" Don countered. \"She was right infront of me and I didn't do anything to stop them.\" \"And if you had struck one of them, you would be in jail.\" Boyd pointed out. \"She needs you here, carrying on. You can and you will get through this. God won't give you anything you can't handle. And we all know Jack is going to be fine. She's always fine.\" Boyd reminded Don. Don couldn't help but smile. \"She is. She always gets through.\" Don agreed with a grim smile before he let it fall away. \"What if her luck runs out?\" Don asked the question. What if she didn't make it home. Boyd looked at Don for a short while before he put a hand on the man's shoulder. \"She'll come home, Top. You gotta believe that.\" Boyd said quietly. Don tried, he really did. The first week was the hardest. He wasn't sure he would get through it but he did. And soon enough, another week passed. An another. He began to believe that he really could get through this. A month passed and he hadn't heard from Jack. Don figured hearing nothing was better than hearing bad news. Don kept his head up and got by. He spent the holidays with his sister. Norman was there as well and the boys showed up for Christmas. But there was an empty hole no one but Jack could fill. But they got by. There was total silence about Jack for a few months and Don was genuinely believing that Jack would be ok and she would be home soon. Things were getting better. Jack would be home soon. January was a hard month to get through, but the first month was harder. Don was standing infront of the calendar on the kitchen wall. Just a few more days and February would be over. Another month would be gone and he would be one month closer to Jack coming home. Don turned when the phone rang. His heart stopped. Maybe it was about Jack. The phone rang again and Don ran across the kitchen and picked it up. His heart began to beat wildly as he answered. \"Collier.\" He said. \"Sergeant Collier. This is Detective Jones. I'm calling about your wife, Jacqueline.\" The man said. \"I have good news. Jacqueline has finished her assignment and will be returning home in a week.\" Don couldn't believe it. Jack's coming home. Don couldn't help but laugh. \"Oh God, she's coming home. She's really coming home?\" He asked. \"That is correct sir. We will call you again when we know what time her plane will be landing. Have a good day, sir. And thank you for your service.\" The man hung up the phone and Don put his phone down. Oh god, she was coming home. Jack was coming home. Don let out a cry of relief and ran to the door. He grabbed his keys and left. He would call Norman from Betty's house, but first he would have to tell Betty. Jack was coming home. She was finally coming home. \"Betty!\" Don called as he burst through the house again, laughing. He met Betty in her living room and ran over to her, lifting her up in a hug and spinning her. \"She's coming home! Betty! Jack's coming back! She's alright.\" Don said as he put Betty back on the floor. \"She's coming home?\" Betty asked. Don smiled and nodde,d laughing in relief. Betty screamed and jumped in excitement and hugged her brother and the two were jumping together. \"I have to call Norman. I gotta call the guys.\" Don said and smiled. He was laughing and had to sit to catch his breath. He couldn't breathe from laughing. He has never felt more relieved, knowing that Jack was alright and that she was coming home. Don had called everyone and the men from Fury had all decided to come down and welcome Jack home. They had a feeling she would be needing support and having them there would do loads of good. It always has. They all arrived a day early and checked into a motel. Dolores and Renee weren't able to make it but each had promised to call later that evening. When the time came to head to the private airport, they all loaded up into their own cars and headed to the airport. The small group left tehri cars in the parking lot and gathered with the rest of civilians and families waiting. It was a decent sized crowd. Most of these people had nothing to do with Jack's reason for being in Germany. Many of these people were there for their relatives who had been prisoners of war that had just been released from any surviving hospitals. Some were there to collect the dead bodies of those who had passed. They saw the plane land and they all stood in the cold, patiently waiting for the passengers to exit the plane. Betty stood next to don with a hand on his shoulder and the boys stood around him. \"I can't wait to see her fucking face when she sees us.\" Grady said as he elbowed gordo. \"Yeah man. She's gonna be tired though. I'm worried she might hit us or something.\" Gordo said. Jack could still pack a punch. \"I think she'll be too relieved to be home.\" Norman said with a small smile. \"I don't see her getting off the plane.\" Boyd pointed out. Don had noticed it too, but he waited patiently. She would be there. She had to be. They said she would be coming home. Betty's hand tightened on Don's shoulder as the passengers left and there was no sign of Jack. Where was she? Don felt his heart sink when the last bit of people left the plane. Silence fell over the group as two men in suits go up the steps and into the plane. There was no sign of Jack. \"Where the hell is she?\" Grady asked angrily. \"Don, I don't-\" Boyd started but what could he say? Oyd saw Don press his lips into a firm line as he kept his gaze on the plane. Don's shoulders sank. \"Maybe she just got on the wrong plane.\" Norman offered. \"Man, I'm gonna aske someone. See what the fuck is going on.\" Gordo said and began to walk away. Don saw something at the door of the plane. It was the two men in suits and they had someone between them. The person was frail and small, emaciated and covered in bruises and cuts. He almost didn't recognize her. He let out a brief laugh of relief. \"It's her.\" He whispered quietly. Betty looked and gasped at the sight of her sister in law. \"Oh my god.\" Norman muttered. \"She made it.\" Grady and Gordo laughed loudly and started shoving each other as Jack was escorted down the steps by the two men. She had an arm in a sling and bandages around her hands. Boyd hollered and his loud yell caught Jack's attention as she reached the ground. She looked around, searching for the familiar ruckus. Jack's gaze fell on her group, on her family. Then she saw her husband. She stood in shock, letting the two men hold her elbows and shoulders. Don started walking forward in a brisk walk, leaving the group behind. His smile was as bright as the sun. Jack still wasn't moving, her mouth hung open. When Don made it halfway, Jack began walking, shaking off the two men next to her and then began to run weakly. She pushed her shaky legs to run to her husband. As Don reached her, he could see tears in her eyes, but they never fell. \"Don!\" She cried out as she reached him. She wrapped both arms around his neck and he held her close. \"Don, oh my god, I'm so sorry.\" She breathed. Don released her and held her face before kissing her. \"It's not your fault.\" He told her and kissed her again. \"God I missed you. Welcome home, baby. Welcome home.\" He said and pulled Jack into his arms again. His hand tangled in her ratty hair and an arm wrapped around her waist, keeping her close. Jack gripped the back of his shirt tightly, clinging onto him desperately. \"God, I missed you, Don.\" She breathed. \"I was scared, I was so scared.\" She breathed. \"I didn't know what to do, Don I-\" Don cut her off and looked at her. \"Jack, you're home, you're safe. That's all that matters, baby.\" Don said. He saw the look of agony on her face. Agony and fear mixed into her face. \"Jack, what's wrong? What happened?\" He asked. Jack bit her lip and looked away, fighting tears. \"Jack, what happened in Germany?\" He asked firmly. Jack looked at him. \"I haven't cried.\" She said. \"I haven't cried since the first night in Germany. I never had a chance.\" Jack whispered and swallowed thickly. Don furrowed his eyebrows in concern. \"Jack?\" He questioned gently. \"Baby, what's going on?\" \"They took me. I was a spy. I was supposed to carry information to and from a specific group of people. I was supposed to be a German woman and get info from agents who were undercover in the Nazi party. It's still there. I was supposed to just carry information, be a messenger.\" She explained. Don nodded. \"Alright. I understand so far.\" Don said. A tear fell down Jack's dirty face. \"I never had a chance to do that.\" She told him. On my third day, I was dragged into a back alley. They knew who I was and why I was there. Someone told them I was American. They took me prisoner again, just like in the war. Just like the war.\" Jack admitted. Don looked at her, digesting the information. Jack had been taken and held as a prisoner for the last few months. She was held longer than before from the same group of bastards. She had literally relived hell and it was all because those fuckers in suits. Don felt pure hatred fill him. \"Don?\" Jack's worried voice carried up to him. He looked down at her. \"Don, say something.\" She begged. \"I'm here, Jack.\" He said as he pulled her in. \"I'm here, baby. I'm here. You're gonna be ok.\" He told her as he held her close and kissed her head. Two men in suits approached and if Don wasn't already hugging Jack, he would swing a fist. \"Jacqueline Collier has suffered a bullet to the arm, broken ribs and burned hands. She had also been starved and beaten repeatedly for three months.\" One man stated. \"She will need to check into a hospital as soon as possible to make sure she receives proper care for her injuries.\" \"Yeah?\" Don challenged. \"and how exactly did she get them? You guys said she would be safe!\" Don started. Jack stepped back and looked up at him. \"Don, please.\" She asked quietly. \"I just want to go home.\" She said. Don looked down at his bruised and battered wife. He nodded and kissed her forehead. \"Let's go home.\" He said as he lead her away. \"You'll never guess who came to see you.\" He said to her quietly. Jack looked over ot the group and giggled. But Don could still tell she was on edge. She gripped his shirt as if her life depended on it. \"We could go home, they can wait another day to see you.\" Don said as he kept an arm around her. She was so thin she looked like a gust of wind could knock her over. Jack shook her head. \"I wanna see my boys.\" She said quietly, a small smile on her face. As they neared the guys ran over to her. Grady lifted her off the ground gently. Each person took turns hugging her and welcoming her home. Jack couldn't help but feel relief. She was home, she was safe. The men in Germany were dead, they wouldn't ever see her again. She was safe. Jack knew she was safe. But she was tired. Jack was so tired. She just needed sleep. As each person greeted her and began talking to her, Jack felt dizzier and dizzier. She started to stumble and Don frowned, grabbing her gently. Jack's legs gave out and her eyes shut as she dropped. Black had lined her vision and she could faintly hear concerned voices calling out to her. They quickly faded out. Let me know what you think. Is it too choppy? Too abrupt?[Chapter 26] Hell Hath None American Beauty/ American Psycho Warning: mentions of torture, gore Jack stood alone in her hotel room, taking in the silence. The past few days have been lonely and she missed Don. She wanted so badly to reach out to him, write to him, call him. They wouldn't let her. It could ruin her cover. Jack was no longer going by Jack or Jacqueline. She was now Margot Bader, visiting her family to help after the war. She was unmarried with no children. Jack had to leave her wedding ring behind. She wished she could keep it with her for comfort. For some reason they let her have her dog tags. Jack didn't dwell on why. Jack was order to wait until someone gave her the first assignment. She was free to go about Berlin as she wished, but she had to be extremely cautious. She couldn't talk to anyone for longer than a few minutes and she had to speak in German. The first day, Jack remained in her hotel. Once it had all sunk in where she was and what she was doing, a panic gripped at her chest. She couldn't breathe. She ran over and closed the curtains and locked herself in. she sat on her bed with her hands covering her face. Jack kept expecting a bomb to go off any minute and shake the building. There was nothing but the anticipation was eating away at her. She didn't eat that night. Jack couldn't find it in her to eat. She wasn't hungry. She was scared. She just lay on the bed, and after a while, she began to cry silently. She thought she was finally done with this cursed country. She just wanted to go home and forget the war. It felt so wrong lying in a bed without Don. She cried herself to sleep, feeling so lost. She didn't know if she could do what they wanted. The next morning, Jack dragged herself out of bed, but it was closer to noon. She showered and put on fresh clothes and brushed her teeth. She felt marginally better. She needed to get a grip. If she ever wanted to go home, she had to suck it up and do her job. She could do this. Jack figured some fresh air would do her some good so she grabbed her purse and a hat and made her way out. Most of the buildings had been bombed or destroyed. Her hotel and a few other buildings were untouched. People walked about, cleaning, moving debris, trying to get back to a normal life. It had been over a year and Berlin was beginning to get back on its feet. Jack could see where new buildings had been erected and where people were working to make more. There was a small market two blocks away and Jack decided to go see if she could find some food. Jack noticed the Amrican troops wandering around and briefly wondered if they were anyone she knew. As she looked, none seemed familiar. Jack kept to herself and found the area where she could buy food. When she was paying, Jack was startled at the cashier. She knew this girl and from the look on the girl's face, she recognized Jack, too. Where had Jack seen her before? A few seconds later, Jack remembered. She took her food and began walking back to the hotel. The girl was the girl with the bike, from Norman's first day. She hadn't changed at all. Jack hoped to God the girl didn't recognize her from the tank. The girl seemed confused, as if she recognized Jack, but didn't know who she was. Jack hoped it would remain that way. She didn't buy much, just some bread and fruit. If she wanted a meal, she would have to go to a restaurant. Jack didn't feel up for that and she still wasn't too hungry. But she knew Don would be pissed if she didn't eat. Jack opened one of the window curtains and sat at the small table, eating an apple. She looked out the window and watched the people below her. Jack tried to trick herself into think she was back home in her apartment. The rubble made it difficult. Jack turned to look at the door when she heard a shuffling noise. An orange envelope had been slid under her door. Her heart beat wildly. It was her first assignment. She stood and walked over to the door. She picked it up and opened it. She read the directions, studied the map and the picture of the man she had to meet. She followed her instructions and went to the bathroom. She stood over the sink and grabbed a box of matches. She burned the papers ad washed the ash down the drain. Jack wasn't allowed to keep the papers. Jack had destroy anything that give her away. Jack had to wait until tomorrow to go meet the man. She had to walk six blocks to a small flower shop and ask for a blue rose. tHat was all they told her to do. Jack sighed and stood in the bathroom for a minute. Why was she so panicked? The war was over, the Nazi's were not in power. She had no reason to be afraid. She was in the section that was occupied by American soldiers. Besides, all she had to do was get information from point A to point B. She wasn't actually a spy inside the Nazi organization. She could do this. She had worked in a tank during the war and she survived. She could get through this. Jack just needed to relax and not be so worried. She had been through worse, and now, no one was trying to shoot her or blow her up. This should be easy. Jack turned and decided to take a warm bath. She turned it on and let the tub fill up. As she let it fill, she slipped back into her room and headed for her small trunk of clothes. She dug out an old, worn out book. It was the copy of Frankenstien McMurphy had lent her. She never got around to giving it back. Jack settled into the bath and opened the book. Jack tried to relax, and the warm water and the book helped, but she still couldn't completely relax. Eventually she put the book down and sighed. She let her head fall back and she looked up at the ceiling. Jack let her mind wander to her husband. How was he handling everything? Was he ok? Jack missed him. She wasn't so sure when she had become so dependent on him and it annoyed her. She could handle herself, but Don meant safe. Jack could never feel relaxed or safe unless Don was there. She could get through this without him, she would have to. The next morning, Jack was up and dressed, heading out the door, by seven in the morning. The cold bit at her and she couldn't help but think back to the winters during the war. It was bleak and cold and the sky looked like it would rain. Jack made her way quickly down the streets, turning when she needed to. She kept an eye on her suroundings and made sure to walk quickly. She kept her head down and didn't look at anyone. Three blocks down, Jack felt the hair on the back of her neck stand up. Jack looked over her shoulder and saw a man walking up the street behind her. He was too close for comfort. Jack walked faster. Her heart was racing. It was her first fucking day and she was already being followed? She walked two more blocks before she looked over her shoulder. When Jack looked back, the man was gone. Jack stopped walking. She was confused, but she was also relieved. Where did he go? Does it matter? He wasn't following her at least. Jack sighed in relief and began walking again. She was about to reach a corner where she needed to turn, but a hand flashed out from an alley and grabbed her. Jack tried to scream, but a hand covered her mouth as the man dragged her back into the alley. She bit his hand as hard as he could and he cried out, letting go of her face. She brought her elbow back as hard as she could and hit him in the stomach. The man stumbled back and brought Jack with him. She let out a shriek and a cry for help before the man threw her to the ground and kicked her face. Jack cried out. Her hands flew to her nose. There was blood. She heard a click and looked up at the man. He had a gun pointed right at her. There was o way she could get out of this without a bullet going through her. \"Get up.\" The man growled. He had a thick German accent. Jack did as she was told. \"Fucking American, think we wouldn't be prepared.\" Jack just stared at him. She kept her face blank even though she was terrified. How did he know who she was? She did everything she was told. There's no way they should know. The man grabbed her arm and spun her infront of him. He kept the gun on her back and lead her out of the alley. There was a black car with two men inside already. They tossed her in. She was immediately handcuffed and a bag was put over her head. Jack's heart was racing. She tried to focus on all the turns the car took and tried to map out their route, but it made no sense. They didn't speak so Jack couldn't figure out what was going on from them. She had no option but to sit there. Her mind filled with all the horrible possibilities and terror flood her. She needed to escape. The car drove down into a tunnel that led to a large opening. It looked like a hanger of some sort, They had removed the bag from Jack's head and began to lead her through the large open area. She was taken down a flight of steps and thrown in a cell. Three walls were stone and one was steel bars. No one had said anything to her yet. Jack sat on the stone floor in the dark. She could hardly see three feet in front of her. She was startled when something furry ran past her hand. She jumped and stood. Her hands were still bound together and she looked around her cell. There was a rusty bucket in the corner and that was it. Jack jumped when she heard a man screaming out in pain. She looked out of her cell but she couldn't see far. Jack felt her heart racing and her breath was stuck in her throat. She felt a sense of doom close in around her. Jack was back being held hostage with the Nazis. She was trapped in a cell. She had no idea where she was. Her mind was racing and her breathe caught in her throat. It took every ounce of her strength to not let panic consume her. The man screamed for what seemed to be forever. Even after he stopped, the scream echoed in her mind. A heavy door opened and Jack heard something being slid across the floor. Two men walked past her cell, dragging a bleeding man. His face was swollen and Jack could smell burning flesh. Her stomach lurched. Not again. The two men returned and stopped at her cell. Jack stepped back, startled. They unlocked her cell and one man stepped in, grabbing her arm roughly. \"Get the fuck off me!\" She yelled and jerked out of their grips. They grabbed her again and she rushed one of them, taking him off guard. She knocked him over and stumbled. The second man wrapped his arms around her and lifted her up, dragging her away . She kicked and struggled. \"Let me go! Get your fucking hands off me, you son of a bitch!\" She hollered. The man on the ground stood and the second man dragged her out of the cell. They closed her cell and she kicked and screamed and struggled all the way down the hall. The man pushed her onto a wooden chair. Jack sat and glared at the two men. There was a table in front of her and she could see blood on it. Jack kept her jaw clenched shut. She would get through this. She's been held by these men before, she can do it again. She just had to stay strong. The two men picked up the table and moved it to the side of the room. They then dragged over a large metal bucket that had been filled with water. A third man walked through a door on the opposite wall and sat in a chair across from her. The two men who brought her in stood on her left and right. \"hallo, Mrs. Collier.\" The man said. Jack kept her mouth clenched shut, but she was so confused. How did they know who she was? \"It has come to my attention, that you have been employed by your country to be a messenger for men who have infiltrated our ranks.\" Jack said nothing but just glared at the man, trying to look braver than she felt. \"You know the names of the men. I need them.\" \"Go to hell.\" She answered quickly. The man laughed and motioned to the men to bring her forward. Jack was shoved off the chair and onto her knees. The man leaned forward. \"Tell me the names.\" The man said quietly. Jack kept her mouth shut and glared at him. \"Fine. Dunk her.\" Jack's head was forced into cold water. She was held under until her lungs felt like they were on fire. Jack woke up back in her cell, her wet hair plastered to her face and the dirty floor. She coughed and rolled over onto her side. They had held her underwater and lifted her head back up, giving her a chance to answer. Each time she stayed silent and they held her under, increasing the time. She wasn't sure how long they had kept her at it, and she wasn't sure she wanted to. Jack coughed for a few minutes before she sat up. She had passed out while underwater and she was surprised she was still alive. In the corner of her cell, near the bars, was a tray. There was a cup on it that had been knocked over, and rats eating what little bread they had given her. She could go one day without food. She would just make sure to be awake the next time. The water is what she was worried about. Jack wondered how the glass had gotten knocked over. She needed water more than she needed food. Jack shivered and scooted over to lean against the wall. It was cold and she wondered what time it was. Jack didn't hear anyone screaming, and she didn't hear voices. No one was walking around or dragging anyone down the hall. In the dark cell, Jack sat alone with her thoughts. A realization struck her. She realized how alone she was. No one was coming to save her, no one even knew where she was, and she doubted anyone in America who knew she was missing cared. Their agents go missing all the time. They are just assumed dead. Jack wondered if they had told Don yet. They would tell Don that she was dead. He would be crushed but he would get by. She just wished she could have seen him one last time. Jack was going to die alone in that cell. She would have to accept that. But she'll be damned if she went down without a fight. Jack swore she would give them as much hell as she could. She might die here, but she was not going to make it easy on them. This thought of determination stayed with Jack as she fell back asleep. She was tired and she was afraid. But sleep promised her an escape, even if it's temporary. Jack was woken up by cold water being splashed on her. It startled her awake, and they were dragging her away again. They did the same thing as before. They dunked her head into a basin. They drowned her until she blacked out. She woke up again in her cell, this time no tray. For what seemed to be hours, Jack heard men and women screaming in pain, or coughing up water. Blood left marks on the ground. After a while, they stopped trying to drown her and just beat her. The two men from before would have free reign to beat her for a few minutes. Jack fought back. Even thought they kept her handcuffed, she kicked and clawed and punched. She got one of them on the ground and got her handcuffs around his neck and she began to choke him. She almost killed him had the second man not pulled her off and thrown her against a wall. They stopped that method. Instead, the next time they saw her, the \"ringleader\" had a whip in his hand. Jack kept her jaw clenched shut. She would not give them the satisfaction. She would not cry out, she would not scream. She fought back tears and bit down so hard her tongue began to bleed. They dragged her back to her cell and tossed her onto the dirty floor. Her back was bleeding and it stung. It hurt to move, but she needed to get her back off the dirty floor. She rolled onto her stomach and say the tray. This time, it looked like there was some soup. Jack got on all fours and crawled over to it. It seemed untouched and she lifted the bowl to her mouth. It was cold and it tasted horrible, but she drank it all. There was no water. Her head had started to hurt and she was thirsty. She needed water. At least the soup thing helped a bit with the hunger. Jack didn't sleep well, her back stung too much. Instead she thought of her family. Her living family. She thought of Betty and Norman and almost cried at the thought of them. Boyd and Dolores had a child and she wished she could be there to see them. Jack prayed that Renee and Grady were still together and doing well. She hoped Gordo and Grady would be ok. Jack thought of Don. She prayed to God that he would be alright. She hoped he would get through everything alright. Jack wondered if they held a funeral for her yet. Surely they told them she was dead. They would be burying an empty coffin. Her body would rot in Germany. She should have known better. She was always destined to die in Germany. She could never truly leave. The dark made it difficult to see. Jack couldn't tell how long she had been in there. Jack had no way of knowing the difference between day and night. For all she knows, she could have been in there for two days. Every so often, they woud wake her, drag her away, and whip or drown her. Jack still struggled and made it difficult for them, but she was weakening. Jack was shaky and couldn't get enough energy behind her shoved and kicks and punches. They hardly fed her and she wasn't sure how much sleep she was getting. She wish she could just see what time it was. Time must have passed, because the open cuts on her back healed. They weren't too deep and they had stopped whipping her for a while. Jack figured she could hang on for a little longer with the wiping and drowning. It was taking a huge toll yes, but she had to stay alive. She didn't know why, but she just had to. The day Jack changed her mind was the day they tried something completely different. When they got to the room, Jack was seated in the chair, but this time, one of the men grabbed her hair and the back of her neck and forced her to lean forward roughly. She grunted. The second man roughly grabbed the bottom of her blouse and pulled it up, exposing her back. and most of her ribs. Jack sat in the chair, heart racing. What were they going to do? She shivered in the cold, her skin was still wet from the wake up call. \"Give me the names.\" The man said for the millionth time. Jack remained silent. Something like a poweder hit her skin and the moment it touched her skin, her back seemed to erupt in flame. To her horror, a strained cry escape and she couldn't close her mouth from the sheer amount of pain she was in. Jack grunted and tried to shift to get whatever was on her back off but it seemed to make it burn worse. She wanted to beg for them to stop, to put the fire out, but she wouldn't give them that satisfaction. She sat in that chair with her back burning. Her eyes blurred with tears of pain and one or two fell. After what seemed to be an eternity, someone dumped a bucket of water over her back, washing away the fire. The cold water shocked her body and she shook. \"Give me the names.\" The man said. Jack shook her head and more tears fell. The man sighed and her back erupted in flame again, this time a bit higher. Jack bit her lip t keep from crying out and she felt blood falling down her chin. They kept at it for a long while before they threw her back in her cell. Jack thought of giving up the names just so they could kill her and be done with it all. She just wanted to die. But Jack didn't want to just quit and give up. The lives of those men and women depended on her ability to keep her mouth shut. She had to keep quiet. Every so often they would feed her or give her water, just enough to stay alive. They would drag her out, beat her, drown her or burn her and through her back into her dirty cell. Some days the rats got her food before she could. Jack didn't know how long this cycle lasted. It seemed like she had been at it for years. She wondered if Don had moved on, found someone else. Jack thought about her friends and family often, but the thought made her want to cry. She couldn't cry. She would not give them that satisfaction. They had begun beating her again, seeing as she was too weak to fight back. Now that they had begun whipping her again, they burned other areas. They didn't want her dead yet. Instead they burned her legs and arms. One day they poured the white powder on her chest, right on the bones. They burned the back of her hands and the blisters hurt. Jack was tired. Jack was weak. She had stopped trying to eat, it wasn't doing her any good anyway. She just wanted it to end. Jack's wish came true. After a while, the leader decided they weren't going to get anything from her. She was useless and it was time for her to go. The two men arrived at her cell and opened it. Jack watched them as they entered. One man kicked at her face hard. Her nose broke and she didn't have the energy to hold back the cry of pain. The other man stomped on her chest a few times and she cried out. She couldn't hold it back. It was a miracle she wasn't crying. The two grabbed her by her arms and dragged her out. Jack closed her eyes, waiting to see what they would do to her today. When she found herself being forced up a flight of steps, she opened her eyes. She could see lights overhead. The men stopped at a door and opened it, pushing her through. She stumbled and fell onto the stone ground. She blinked at the harsh light as rain beat down on her. She sat up, still on her knees and looked at the walls that were also a grey stone. There was a mix of fresh and dried blood on the stones. They were going to shoot her. She was going to die here. Jack didn't look at the man before her. Jack looked past the gun that was pointed right at her eye. Jack looked up into the sky. It was the last thing she would see before she died. It wasn't so bad. She just wished that maybe she could have seen blue instead. Her mind flashed to her parents, her sister, baby Norman. She would see them again very soon. She hoped they were proud of her for surviving as long as she did. A gunshot rang out and blood splattered onto her face as the man before her fell. Gunfire exploded overhead and Jack's instincts kicked in. She got on the ground and curled in on herself, trying to avoid the bullets. Her arm throbbed with a familiar pain. She had been shot by a ricocheting bullet and it buried into her arm. Her heart beat wildly and for the first time in who knows how long, hope filled her soul. Someone had come, someone had saved her. When silence filled the stone courtyard, Jack peeked out to see a few men on a roof nearby. A heavy door slammed open and footsteps surrounded her and shouts of American and British voices mixed in, shouting. Jack couldn't understand them. Someone rolled her onto her back and the faces of soldiers entered her visions. A dark haired woman hovered over her. \"Mrs. Collier, my name is Peggy. Do you understand?\" The woman asked. Jack blinked a few times before nodding her head. The woman smiled and gently grabbed Jack's hand. \"Jacqueline, you are going to be safe now. Do you understand?\" Jack nodded and Peggy smiled again. Peggy began to stroke Jack's hair out of her face. \"You are very brave, Jacqueline.\" \"Jack.\" She croaked out . She could hardly speak. \"I'm Jack.\" Peggy smiled and nodded. \"We are waiting for a medic before we move you.\" Peggy told her. Jack nodded. \"Just hang in there.\" Jack nodded. Peggy kept asking her questions, trying to keep her awake, but Jack was so tired. Her eyes began to close and Peggy fought ot keep her awake. \"Jack, stay with me. Jack, wake up, darling.\" Peggy said as the medic finally arrived. Jack's eyes shut as her vision blurred and founded out. Before long the voices of Peggy and the medic were lost to her. But it was ok. Jack was safe. She was safe. Jack was finally going home. The relief that filled her followed her into her sleep. She was going home. Jack woke up in a hospital and the Peggy woman was standing next to her with a man in a suit. They were talking and Jack couldn't make out what they were saying, but Peggy looked angry. The man stopped talking when he saw Jack watching them. \"Mrs. Collier. I am with the Central Intelligence Agency of America. We are the men who recruited you. First, I would like to thank you for your service and give you my sincerest condolences for the amount of pain you have been through.\" The man spoke. He did not give a name. Jack watched him and he continued. \"It has come to our understanding that they were holding you for questioning. What did you tell them.\" \"Nothing.\" Jack croaked out. The man looked at her with raised eyebrows. \"Are you sure there wasn't something that could have slipped?\" He asked. Jack frowned and shook her head. \"I didn't tell them a damn thing.\" She told him. He nodded, seeming to trust what she told him. \"Very well. You will be on the first plane back once the doctors clear you. Thank you again for your service, and you have our deepest gratitude.\" He said before nodding to Peggy and leaving. Peggy sighed and sat on a chair next to Jack's bed. \"Jack, I was told you fought in the war, was a member in a tank.\" Peggy began. \"I asked why you were back in Germany. They told me they didn't give you a choice.\" Jack nodded confirming. \"They told me I would be arrested for treason. I figured I would have more of a chance of going home if I came here.\" Jack told her. \"I am so sorry this happened to you.\" Peggy told her. \"It is an honor to meet you, Jack.\" Jack nodded and gave the woman a small smile. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Jack spoke up, shock widening her eyes. \"What day is it?\" Jack asked, anticipation welling painfully in her gut. Peggy furrowed her eyebrows before answering slowly. Peggy took Jack's hand in hers gently. \"February twentieth.\" Peggy answered. Jack's mouth dropped and tears filled her eyes but she forced them back. \"You have been gone for a little over three months.\" \"That's all?\" Jack asked. Peggy nodded, sympathy clear in her face. \"Does my husband know I am still alive?\" Peggy nodded with a small smile. \"Your husband was called yesterday once you were in the hospital.\" Peggy told her. Jack smiled and let out a sigh of relief. She covered her eyes with her hand and smiled. She was going home. \"Jack,\" Peggy said softly. Jack looked at her. \"I must go, now. It was a pleasure meeting you.\" \"Thank you, for saving me.\" Jack said quietly. Peggy smiled and nodded as she stood. \"I wish you safe travels Jack.\" Peggy told her. Jack smiled and nodded and the woman left. Jack found herself alone again, but she felt safe. She was going home. She made it. She survived.[Chapter 27] Hello my dear sweet readers. I apologize but this is not another chapter. I am so sorry I have not been writing. I hit a writers block on everything and some family shit went down but I hope to be back to writing soon. However, I did recently take a trip to Germany and I felt compelled to share this with you. I was able to vist Dachau. It was a powerful and moving experience and I am so grateful to hae been able to go. I was able to go into the crematorium and een walk through the gas chamber. It was eerie but calm and overall a very moving experience. I am not sure if I have done this yet, (I wil do it again when the story ends) but I would like to take a moment to thank the men and women who have served for our country, who are serving for our country, and who will serve for our country in the future. I would also like to dedicate this story for those same people as well. Thanks guys for reading this. When I visited Dachau I couldn't help but think of you guys. I am actually about to start the next chapter now (I may edit th last one) I hope to have it up in a week max. (someone remind me in a few days) Love you all and thanks for reading![Chapter 28] Hell Hath None. Just one Yesterday Jack woke up in an unfamiliar place. It was white and filled with beeping noises and people walking around. She could hear their shoes on the tile, she could hear the wheels squeaking. She was still dizzy but her heart was racing. Where was she? What happened? Where was Don? Jack bolted upright and swayed as the dizziness increased. There was a white blanket over her and there were tubes in her good arm. She ripped them out, causing the machines to scream wildly. Jack stood shakily and steadied herself on the metal rail that was attached to her bed. She looked down and saw she was in a light blue hospital gown. Was she back in Germany? Did she just dream being home? Where was she? All the noises blurred together and her vision was almost fuzzy. She had to find Don. Jack yanked back a curtain and nearly fell. Two nurses walked over and took her arms gently. She struggled to get out of their grip and keep walking. They kept a gentle grip on her. \"No! Let me go!\" She shouted hoarsely. God her throat hurt. \"Let me go.\" \"Ma'am, we need to get you back in bed.\" One of the nurses said gently. \"Come on.\" Jack struggled. \"No, no, I need to go, let me go, please!\" Jack begged as she struggled. She slipped on the tile and her legs gave out. The two nurses kept her from falling. \"I have to find my husband.\" SHe hated how needy she sounded, and she hated how hoarse her voice sounded. The two nurses patiently helped her to stand again and began pulling her back to her bed. They were gentle with her, but were not going to let her run around. \"I can go get him. He's just out in the waiting area.\" The first nurse said as they sat Jack on her bed. \"What's his name?\" She asked. Jack looked at the woman. \"Don.\" Jack croaked out. \"Don Collier.\" The nurse nodded and gave jack a small smile before leaving to go find Don. \"Alright, Mrs. Collier, why don't you lay down.\" The second nurse said gently. Jack shook her head, wanting to sit up. If she lay down, she risked falling asleep. She was still exhausted but needed to see her husband. \"Let me sit.\" Jack told her. The nurse sighed and thought about it. Jack really needed to rest. \"Alright. You can sit up, but you have to keep these in.\" The nurse said as she grabbed the tubes again. The nurse grabbed Jacks arm gently and began putting them back in. Jack felt frear creep through her again. \"What are they?\" Jack asked quietly. \"One is an IV. It's giving you fluids. You are severely dehydrated.\" The nurse explained. \"This one isn't a tube, it just tracks your pulse. We didn't want to put it on your chest because of the burnes.\" Jack lifted a hand and rested it on her chest. She could feel the welts and scars. Before long, the nurse returned with Don. Jack smiled tiredly at him and the other nurse stepped away. They left the two for a moment alone. Don sat next to Jack and rested a hand on her face, letting a thumb brush against her cheekbone. It stuck out from her gaunt face. She looked like a skeleton but Don was just glad she was home. SHE rested a hand over his and he saw the bandages on her hands. It went up her arms as well. He wouldn't ask her about those yet. \"Hi, Jack.\" He breathed, smiling at her. Jack leaned into his touch and closed her eyes, breathing. She smiled. \"Hello, Don.\" She answered. \"I missed you so much.\" She said as she struggled to speak. She heard her voice crack and almost grimaced. \"I-I just...\" she started to speak, almost unsure of what she even want to say. Don pulled her in for a hug and held her close. One hand ran through her hair. The other was wrapped around her shoulders. \"It's alright, baby.\" He told her quietly. \"You're home now.\" He kissed her forehead and moved his arm so he could rub her back. She was tense and probably in a lot of pain. When his hand rested on her back, she flinched and pulled away from him slightly, while almost twisting away from his hand with a grimace n her face. She hissed in pain and Don frowned. \"What's wrong?\" He asked concerned. Jack shook her head. \"Nothing. Just hurt.\" SHe admitted quietly. Don nodded and rested his hand on her knee. She was covered to her waist by a hospital blanket. \"I'm sorry. I didn't realize.\" He told her. Jack was playing with her hands in her lap, almost like she coudln't look him in the eye. He didn't take it personally though. She did just spend three months being held hostage. But he was still allowed to worry, right? \"Baby?\" He said. She didn't move. \"Jack?\" He asked again and she stopped fiddling with her hands.\"What's wrong, baby?\" He asked patiently, watching her, trying to see just how much damage was done. \"Don, I didn't think I'd come home.\" She admitted in a whisper and he could see tears gathering like storm clouds. \"I thought I was going to die there. I was so scared.I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.\" She whispered at him, her hands moving to cover her mouth almost nervously. Don took her face in his hands and looked at her with a mix of loving softness, but also a firmness, making sure she listened to what he was going to say. Jack's small hands went to grab at his shirt. HE didn't mind. \"Jack, you did nothing wrong.\" He told her. \"You did the very best you could.\" \"I missed you.\" She whispered after a few moments of silence. Don smiled. \"I missed you too, baby.\" He said as he pulled her close again. \"Welcome home.\" Jack wrapped her arms around him and he held her close for a long while, just sitting there, holding his wife. He made sure not to touch too low on her back. The sight of her was shocking when she got off the plane. She looked like a skeleton and where her clean dress didn't cover, there was dirt and blood and bandages. Her weight is what scared Don. She wasn't even this emaciated that one time in Germany. She almost looked like one of the people from a concentration camp. After Jack had been taken to a hospital after her collapse, a man from the Central Intelligence Agency pulled Don aside and told him what had happened. When Don heard the list of injuries she sustained, he saw red. His fist connected with the man's face and Don through him against the wall. Boyd had come up behind him and pulled him away. Don was shouting at the man as Boyd pulled him away. Jack was out for two days. Color began to return to her skin and when he heard she was awake, he all but ran to her side. Her hair was still a mess, but they had cleaned her face of dirt and dried blood. Don released Jack and dug through his pocket. He pulled out her ring and her Saint Christopher necklace. She laughed and took them, putting them on. Don was glad to see her smiling. God, he missed that smile. He wanted to pull her in and never let her go, but she needed to eat something. A nurse returned with a tray. On it was a bowl of soup, a cup of water and roll. Jack grimaced at the tray before her. Don had gotten her to lay back in her bed. He sat on the edge, facing her. \"What's wrong?\" Don asked, looking at her face of disgust. \"Don't make me eat this.\" She said quietly. Don frowned. \"All they gave me to eat while in Germany was cold, disgusting soup and stale bread.\" Don sighed. He wondered how often they even let her have that much. He rested his hand on her knee again. \"I'm sure this stuff tastes better.\" He said. \"You need to eat and I don't know if you can handle anything heavier.\" He said to her quietly. Jack nodded and lifted a shaky hand to the spoon in the bowl. She slowly ate a spoonful before grimacing and swallowing. It was bland but at least it was warm. Don chuckled next to her and she shot him a glare. \"Oh, it can't be that bad.\" He teased, relieved to see she was still able to pin him with that glare. \"You eat it then.\" Jack said and picked up the bread. At least the bread tasted ok. \"Go on, try it.\" She urged him. Don just gave her a look and lifted a spoonful to his mouth. He nearly spat it out and put the spoon down. \"Told you.\" She said to him. Don stood. \"I'm going to go see if I can get you something else.\" He said and bents down, kissing her cheek. \"Eat that bread.\" Jack nodded and took a bite. Don left to hunt down a nurse. Jack sat there, slowly chewing her roll. Before long it was gone, and Jack wondered if she could fit anything else in her stomach. She was full. \"Excuse me, you can't go down there.\" A nurse said. \"The fuck you mean we can't?\" Grady's outraged voiced came from down the hall. Jack couldn't see past the curtain walls but knew her friends were there. She smiled. \"Yeah, man. Our friend's down there!\" Gordo argued. \"I don't care. You can't go down this hall way.\" The nurse said. JAck had to give her credit. It was no easy feat standing up to Grady, especially when he had his crew with him. \"If you would like to wait out in the hall, I'll talk to a doctor-\" Jack heard her speak, but Norman spoke up. \"Look, we just need to see our friend.\" He said. \"We won't be long, just a few minutes.\" He all but begged. She coudl hear the nurse sigh. She wanted to get up and go tell the nurse to let them through, but she doubted she would make it three steps. \"I'm sorry, but it's family only right-\" The nurse was cut off again. \"WE are her family!\" Norman shouted, startling both JAck and the nurse. She needed to step in. \"If you don't leave, I'm going to call security.\" The nurse threatened and Jack shakily stood. she brought the Iv with her as she shakily shuffled to the hall. \"Miss!\" She called out, gaining everyone's attention. She offered a small smile. \"Miss, it's ok. I want to see them.\" \"Jesus Christ.\" Boyd muttered at the sight of Jack and Norman pushed past the nurse to Jack's side, seeing her wobble dangerously. He reached her as her legs began to give out. He gently caught her and helped her steady herself. She was laughing nervously, holding onto Norman's arms as she looked at the floor. \"Thanks, Norman.\" She said quietly, her voices still soar. Norman smiled at her and hugged the small woman. She was like a sister to him, and he thought he lost her. Jack smiled and hugged him back. Her smiled widened as she saw the other three walking over to her. She slowly let go of Norman, but he made sure to keep a gentle hand on her arm, keeping her steady. Boyd reached her first and she hugged him. He seemed to sigh with releif. \"You gave us a scare the other day.\" He told her as he let her go. Grady waltzed over to her and dropped a heavy hand on her head, grinning ear to ear. \"You're one tough sum bitch, hu? Good to see you, ghost.\" He teased. Jack laughed a bit and swatted away his hand. \"Yeah.\" Gordo agreed and gently pat her upper arm, not wanting to injure her further. \"Ain't no way some stupid Krauts was gonna keep you forever, man. No way.\" Jack smiled and laughed, making sure to keep a grip on Norman, keeping herself upright. Her back stung and her ribs throbbed from moving and she was getting more and more tired, but she smiled through it as her laughter shook her ribs. Seeing them right now was worth the pain. \"Jack, what are you doing out of bed?\" Don asked with a small smile as he headed over to the group, a bowl of something in his hands. Jack smiled at him, happy to have him back in her presence. She had been gone for three months. She hated every second he wasn't in her line of sight. \"A nurse was yelling at them.\" She said, pointing to them. \"They can't keep out of trouble without me. How are you all not in jail while I was gone?\" She teased and turned to Norman. \"Especially you, trouble maker!\" Norman laughed at her and looked at his feet. \"Let's get you back into bed.\" Norman said and helped to lead her to the bed again. \"Trying to get rid of me, Norman?\" She joked, but let him lead her. \"Trying to keep you from getting yelled at by the nurses is more like it.\" Boyd commented, motioning to the nurse watching them nearby. Jack stuck her tongue out at him and let them lead her back to the bed. She slipped in settled back against the pillows. She was uncomfortable in still in pain but she smiled through it. She didn't want them to see her in pain. \"Did they give you anything else for me to eat?\" Jack asked Don as he sat on the bed next to her. She smiled and handed her a new bowl. \"Mashed potatoes. That's all they would give me.\" He said. Jack took it with a grin. She felt like a child being seeing excited over mashed potatoes, but it sounded so much better than soup. \"Yum.\" She said and dug in. It tasted amazing. \"Yum.\" She repeated. Grady and Gordo snickered. \"Man, you really gotta be hungry to love hospital food.\" Gordo teased. Don looked at Jack with pure love and relief. Don couldn't stop smiling since she woke up. \"When they letting her out?\" Grady asked. Jack stopped eating and blinked, the spoon still in her mouth. She looked at her husband. \"They'll let you out once they get enough fluids in you.\" Don told her. \"They want to make sure you can keep food down, too. We don't want you getting sick.\" He said rest a hand on her leg. She hummed and started eating again. \"Dolores and I are going to leave tomorrow.\" Boyd said. \"We need to get back soon. I don't have much time from work.\" \"Thank you for coming.\" Jack said with a smile. \"I'm really glad you all came.\" \"Of course, Jack.\" Boyd told her and put a gentle hand on her shoulder. \"I'll see if we can stop by and see you before we leave.\" He promised. She smiled and nodded. \"I'd like that.\" Jack said and looked at Grady and Gordo. \"How long are you guys staying?\" She asked. Gordo lost his smile, as did Grady. \"We could only stay until you woke up, man.\" Gordo told her softly. \"We got a lot of work waitin' for us when we left.\" \"Yeah, I can't even imagine how much we gonna have now.\" Grady added. Jack smile. \"That's ok. I'm just glad I could see you boys.\" She told them. \"And I'm still surprised they let you two monkeys work on cars, still.\" She teased. Boyd snorted at the comment and Don just grinned at her. Grady's smile returned a bit, as did Gordo's and Grady put a heavy hand on her shin. \"Good to have you back, JAck.\" He told her. Jack opened her mouth to respond, but a nurse came in, speaking softly with a small smile on her face. She had a small tray and put it on the medical table next to Jack's bed. Jack watched her, a bit tense at a stranger being present. Don sat on the bed still, a hand on her leg, a comforting weight, reminding her she was safe. The bed had been raised so she could sit up. On the other side of the bed, Norman stood, slightly leaning against the bed. On that same side, Grady was sitting, but he stood when the nurse came in to shoo them out. Gordo and Boyd stood at the foot of her bed. Don seemed to notice Jack's tension at the sudden entrance of the nurse and gently squeezed her leg. She looked at him and tried to relax and lie back. It was going alright until she saw what was on the tray. \"Alright, the doctor let you gentlemen in, but now it's time for family only, i'm afraid.\" She announced, not sorry at all. Boyd, Gordo, Grady and Norman began saying thier good byes, but Jack was more focused on the nurse. Norman was about to reach down and give her a hug goodbye, but she wastoo occupied by the nurse. \"What is that?\" SHe asked sharply as the nurse lifted a syringe. The nurse looked at her. \"It's only morphine.\" She told her, offering a small smile. \"THe doctor decided you had enough fluids to start taking morphine. It'll help you rest.\" Jack just looked a the nurse, her stare bordering on a glare, until she was distracted by Don gently squeezing her leg again. She looked to him and he gave her a reassuring smile. Norman lingered behind her as the other three waited at the foot of her bed. THe nurse put the morphine in her iv drip. \"Alright. You should feel warm and sleepy. If you feel nauseated, there is a pan right here.\" THe nurse instructed. Jack nodded and she began to feel the warmth spreading in her arm. It was an odd feeling and Jack couldn't help but feel fear. She found herself feeling weightless and her sight began to blur as she fought to keep her eyes open. Her breathing quickened. Don frowned, seeing her begin to panic. THe nurse frowned as well. \"Mrs. Collier, you need to relax, you're alright.\" The nurse said calmly. Jack was leaning against the bed that was lifted up to help her sit. She was so tired she couldn't lift her head. \"Don.\" She called out in a choked whisper, desperately. She reached out for him. \"Don.\" \"I'm right here.\" He told her slowly and took her hand. \"We're still here, Jack.\" He held her and tightly. She lifted her head up and it bobbed. She felt like she couldn't breathe, there was something on her chest. She tasted something metal. Was she tasting blood? Was she drowning? Jack felt like she was drowning. SHe concluded that she was drowning and tried to sit up in a panic. Norman gently grabbed her shoulder and Don leaned towards her, concerned. \"Don, I'm drowning.\" She choked out terrified. \"Don they're drowning me.\" SHe told him, almost pleadingly. \"No one's drowning you, baby.\" He told her and rubbed his thumb over her hand trying to soothe her. She didn't seem convinced and struggled to sit up. Don used one hand to rest gently on her stomach as Norman and the nurse gently held her shoulders. \"I'm right here, Jack. You're alright.\" \"No, no, no.\" She started saying desperately, her voice getting louder and more desperate. \"No, don't let them drown me!\" She begged. \"Please no, no more water, please.\" She cried out, struggling more as her heart rate kept climbing up in her panic. \"I need you to keep her down.\" The nurse to Don quietly. \"I'm going to give her a bit more to put her under.\" Don nodded and moved to stand where the nurse was. He still kept Jack's hand in his. Boyd moved to take Don's spot. \"Jack, Jack, we're still here and we aren't gonna let anyone drown you.\" Boyd told her. \"You understand?\" \"No, I can't breathe, make them stop.\" She told them. Don began stroking her hair. \"Jack, baby. It's the morphine.\" He told her. \"You need to breathe in.\" He told her as the nurse got another needle ready. \"Jack, breathe in.\" He ordered softly. She rolled her head to the side in his direction and took in a shaky breath. \"Is that better?\" Don asked and the nurse began administering more morphine. \"I don't know.\" Jack admitted, sounding more tired by the second. \"Don, don't let them drown me.\" She told him and he kept stroking her hair. \"I won't let them.\" He promised. \"We got you, Jack.\" Grady told her. \"you just rest up now, ya hear?\" He asked. SHe swallowed thickly and nodded. She felt Don begin to move away and she tried to tighten her grip on his hand. \"I'm just sitting down again.\" He told her. \"I'm not letting go any time soon.\" He told her. Norman let her go, feeling her slowly relaxing as the morphine kicked in. It was surprising she was even still awake. The nurse was quietly ushering the men out, leaving Don to sit with his wife. \"See you, Jack.\" Gordo told her softly as he stepped out. \"We'll stop by again tomorrow.\" Boyd told her. THey weren't sure she heard them, but htey still spoke to her anyway as they left. Her eyes were half lidded and focused on Don. \"You take care now.\" Grady told her. Norman smiled a bit at her. \"I'll see you later, Jack.\" He said before the nurse ushered them out. She didn't offer any acknowledgement as they left and eventually it was just Don and Jack. He held her hand and rubbed it tenderly. Her eyes were drifting closed and her head would nod as she struggled to stay awake. Don brought her hand up to his mouth and held it there in his. THey sat in silence for a few minutes until Jack grunted and squeezed his hand. \"Don?\" SHe asked him, seeing if he was still there. She could hardly feel him there. \"Don, don't go.\" She whispered tiredly in a breathy sigh. He smiled softly at her. \"I'm not going anywhere, Jack.\" He told her quietly. \"I'll be right here the whole time. I promise.\" He told her. She hummed at him and gathered what energy she had left to speak. \"Don?\" She started. \"Tell me something.\" She said. Don frowned in confusion. \"What do you want me to tell you?\" He asked. She just grunted before speaking. \"I wanna hear you talk.\" She told him. \"I need to hear you talk.\" He smiled at that and chuckled a bit. \"Want me to tell you a story?\" He asked. She hummed and gave him what little of a smile she could muster. \"I missed your voice.\" She admitted with a sigh as her words began to slur. Don smiled and kissed her hand. \"Alright, I guess I can tell you a story.\" He told her and she hummed. He thought about what story to tell. It took him a few minutes before he settled on one. \"Why don't I tell you about the day I met my wife?\" He suggested. Jack smiled. \"did you know, when I first met my wife, I thought she was a man? Can you believe that?\" He teased and watched as she started to grin. \"And in that same day, she almost gets herself blown up twice? The first time, she actually saved one of my good friends. Maybe you know him.\" He teased. \"Grady.\" She said with a contented sigh, playing along. Don grinned. \"That's right.\" DOn said. Jack continued to relax and drift off as he talked about when he first met her. \"And she decorated our tank for Christmas. You would have loved it.\" He teased at one point. It was one of the last things she remembered hearing before she drifted off into sleep. She didn't dream. She just sank in the darkness she was getting so familiar with. Didnt think id have this up so quickly. but i have most of the next chapter planned out so I hope ot have it up in a week, just remind me. Also reveiw, i miss hearing from you guys. What did you think?[Chapter 29] Hell Hath None Halloween Special Ok, so, sorry this is so late, and sorry it's not part of the actual story line. I just wanted to do a holiday special and give you guys a break from the sad stuff. Happy Halloween! Also, if you haven't already, please, please, please, read my profile. \"Jack!\" Don called from his spot in the hall mirror near the door, adjusting his tie. \"Jack, baby, we're going to be late! You know how Betty gets!\" \"Oh, I'm coming, I'm coming!\" She called back as she left the bathroom, shutting off the light. Jack moved to the kitchen, smoothing out her black dress. The sleeves reached her wrists, so she wasn't going to grab a jacket. Instead, she grabbed her pumpkin pie from the table and made her way down the hall, smiling. Don approached her smiling and gave her a kiss. \"Ready to go?\" He asked her as he handed Jack her black witch's hat. She set it on her head and smiled softly. \"Did you get the kitten?\" Jack asked, teasingly. Don smiled and played along. He put a hand on his forehead, pretending to have forgotten something. \"Oh no! I completely forgot!\" He said sarcastically. \"I can't find her!\" He joked, making Jack's grin widen. A small giggle came from the door and small feet padded down the hall. Don looked down at the small child tugging at his coat and giggling. \"Daddy! I'm here, daddy!\" She giggled. Don broke out into a grin and reached down, picking her up. \"Ah! There she is!\" He said, lifting her up and giving her a kiss on the cheek. The girl in his arms giggled louder and Jack smiled, looking at her husband and daughter fondly. \"Now, we still have a chance of arriving on time.\" \"Aunt Betty, Aunt Betty!\" Evelyn shouted as she ran up the walkway to Betty's house. People were already inside and Jack could hear music playing. The main door was open and Evelyn stopped and banged her hands against the screen door. \"Aunt Betty! Aunt Betty!\" Jack ran up the walkway and onto the porch. She gently pulled her daughter away from the door and smoothed out her curly red hair, careful not to move the cat ear headband. \"Eve, wait a minute.\" Jack told her kindly. \"Let me open the door before you put a hole in it.\" She laughed and stood. Jack opened the door and Evelyn bolted in, running about the house looking for her aunt. Jack was laughing softly as Don came up behind her with the pie. \"She is just a ball of energy, isn't she?\" Don asked as they walked inside. Jack hummed and took the pie as they made their way to the kitchen. They found Evelyn sitting on Betty's lap in the living room, talking excitedly. \"I'd rather have her running up the walls than how she was before.\" Jack told him, referring back to when Evelyn first joined their family. She was quiet and terrified of everyone. She was especially terrified of Don. She slowly warmed up to them, even was comfortable with Norman and Betty, but Jack really worked with her to bring her out of her shell. Jack did everything in her power to help Evelyn feel safe and loved. It took a while, but it worked. \"Betty,\" Don said as he walked over to his sister, Jack at his side. \"Has Norman showed up yet?\" Evelyn gasped and jumped off her aunt's lap and began tugging at her dad's coat again, shouting excitedly. \"No-man! No-man! I want Uncle No-man!\" She shouted, wanting to see Norman. Betty laughed at her neice's antics. \"He's not here yet, sweety.\" She told the girl, getting her attention. \"Why don't you go say hello to David, he's out back in the sandbox.\" Evelyn lookced at her aunt and beamed. \"I'm gonna go see David!\" She announced and headed out back. Bety stood and smiled, embracing her brother and Jack. \"I'm so glad you three could come.\" She told them. Jack smiled and hugged her back. \"Of course.\" Jack assured her. \"I figured you'd kill us if we didn't.\" She teased. Betty just shrugged. Yeah, no point denying it. \"So, I take it Norman hasn't gotten here yet.\" \"No, but he did call.\" Betty explained. \"He was picking up Lily before coming here.\" \"Oh, excellent.\" Jack stated. \"I haven't seen Lily in a while. They're both so busy with school and their own lives. It'll be nice to see them again.\" \"So how is David?\" Don asked. \"Uncle No-man, Uncle No-man! You came!\" Evelyn shouted as she escaped from Betty's house and dashed down the walk way into Norman's waiting arms. He laughed as he picked her up, Lily coming to his side. \"I know you come!\" She declared. \"Of course I'd come.\" Norman told her smiling, as he walked over to Jack and Don. \"You think I'd miss your first Halloween?\" HE asked as he set her down on the ground. \"I'm gonna get David. David wants to come, too!\" She explained and ran back inside, leaving the four adults outside. \"She does not need candy.\" Jack stated, looking at Don firmly. Oddly enough, Don was usually the lenient parent with Evelyn. Jack was the one who was usually firmer, standing her ground when it came to rules. \"oh, she's not that bad.\" Don told his wife, wrapping an arm around her. \"It's good to see you again Norman. How are classes?\" \"They're alright.I have so many assignments, I wonder if I'll ever finish them.\" He admitted and Lily took his hand. \"He's hardly had a break all month. I almost had to force him to come out tonight.\" She explained. \"Norman, you'll work yourself to death if you keep that up.\" Jack told him teasingly. \"Hold hand, David.\" Evelyn's voice sounded behind them and they turned, seeing her take his hand. \"Hold hand, you gotta.\" \"Ok.\" He said as Evelyn led him to her parents and Norman. Betty walked behind them. They both had small bags for the candy. \"Everyone ready to go?\" Betty asked as she reached the other four and they headed out. They took the kids house to house, letting them go up to the houses and ask for candy. Sometimes, the house would seem too scary for David, but Evelyn would just pull him along, telling him not to be scared. David would trust her and follow her up. Jack watched her daughter fondly and caught up with Norman and Lily. Children could be heard shouting, being startled, and others were laughing. Every so often they would bump into Betty's neighbors and talk for a few minutes before Evelyn and David pulled them along ot the next house. Two hours later, they were at Betty's house, sitting in the living room with many other guests. People were scattered all about, eating, drinking, smoking, talking. Don was out in the backyard with a few other guests and Jack sat with Betty on the couch as their two children counted their candy on the floor in front of them. \"Honestly, I'm surprised she's still awake.\" Jack told Betty as she checked her watch. It was well past nine and Evelyn was usually in bed by now. \"It's all the sugar.\" Betty told her as she pulled David to her lap. He slid onto the couch spot beside her and settled down. Evelyn climbed up next to jack and leaned against her. \"So, what are your plans for Thanksgiving? Are you two going up to the lake house?\" \"Honestly, I don't know.\" Jack admitted. \"We have been so busy we haven't thought too much about it.\" \"Well, you know you are always welcome to join us.\" Betty told her and jack smiled as she ran her hand through her daughter's hair absentmindedly. \"We probably will be here for Thanksgiving.\" Jack assured her. \"I hear this winter is supposed to be quite harsh.\" \"I heard that as well.\" Betty told her. \"I really don't want to deal with all that snow again. I miss summer already.\" Jack laughed. \"It's hardly fall.\" Jack teased. She noticed David's drooping eyes. \"Looks like someone's ready for sleep.\" She said and Betty looked at her son with a soft smile. She picked him up gently. \"Best go put him down.\" She said and indicated to Evelyn. \"She looks just about done as well. I'll be right back.\" Jack looked at Evelyn and kept playing with her hair. \"Almost ready to go home, Eve?\" Jack asked softly. It was getting late and she had noticed people were leaving. Eve just groaned. Before long, Don came back inside and sat next to Jack. He kissed her softly and smiled down at his daughter. \"Are you two ready to head out?\" He asked. Jack smiled and looked at their daughter. \"She looks like she's already asleep.\" \"She's awake, but just barely.\" Jack told him. \"Betty went to go put David to bed. Do you have everything?\" Jack asked. Don nodded and stood. Jack picked up Evelyn in her arms. The small child wrapped her arms around Jack's neck. \"Can you grab her bag?\" Jack asked. Don bent down and grabbed her candy bag as Betty returned. \"Leaving?\" She asked quietly. \"Yeah, looks like someone's ready for bed.\" Don explained and hugged his sister. \"Always good to see you, Betty.\" He said. She hugged him back and hugged Jack. \"I'm glad you three came. Feel free to stop by more often.\" She teased as she followed them to the door. They each said goodbye and Betty watched as the two climbed into Don's car. If Evelyn wasn't asleep when they left, she was asleep by the time they got home. Don took Evelyn from Jack so she could get out of the car, and carried his sleeping daughter to their apartment. They were quiet, trying not to wake her. Don set her on her small bed and Jack took off her cat ears and shoes. Jack sat on the edge of the bed, playing with her daughter's hair. \"I'm so glad we have her.\" She said softly. She felt her husband's hand on her shoulder. Jack let her hand reach up to grab his. \"Iche liebe dich.\" He said to her quietly. Jack opened her mouth to say it back, but instead of words, a small river spilled out and onto the bed. It started boiling as the soft purple sheets melted into the puddle and the grip on her shoulder tightened. She turned and saw it wasn't Don anymore, it was Richard. Jack leaned away from him and his arm left his shoulder. He began to disintegrate into a skeleton and the arm fell from her shoulder before it turned into insects. The bed kept melting and she tried to stand, but it stuck to her like glue and she couldn't stand. She was stuck. Something jolted her and Jack opened her eyes. She was dreaming. It was a weird dream. She rolled over and saw her husband sitting up in the dark. He was breathing heavily and Jack sat up slowly. \"Don?\" She asked softly. He looked to her. \"Are you alright, baby?\" she asked softly as he lay back down on the bed. His hand came up and rested on her cheek. She smiled softly. \"Just a nightmare.\" He told her. Jack rested her hand over his and looked at him. He rubbed the pad of his thumb against her cheek and just stared at his wife. Jack had an idea of which dream it was. \"I'm still here, Don.\" She assured him and lay back down next to him. She pulled him close and he let her. Don rested his head on her chest and listened to her breathing, listened to her heart. Jack held him and played with his hair, trying to show him that she really was there. She hummed softly and they both lay there in the quiet for a small while. \"Did I wake you?\" He asked softly. She hummed and shrugged. \"Not sure.\" She told him. \"If you did, thank you.\" \"Nightmare?\" He asked, his arms pulling her closer. \"No. Just a really weird dream.\" She explained. She sighed through her nose. \"It started off like it was real life, then everything started changing and melting.\" \"What was it about?\" He asked. Jack frowned. \"We had a daughter.\" She answered. Don leaned away from her and looked at her. \"We had a little girl and we went trick or treating with Betty and David. It was actually quite lovely. But then things started melting together and physically falling apart.\" Don looked at his wife. \"That is an odd dream.\" He told her and there was an odd pause. \"Jack?\" He asked after a few minutes of silence. She looked at her husband. \"If you wanted, we could start looking into adopting a child. If that's what you want.\" Jack smiled softly at her husband and kissed him. \"It was just a silly dream, Don.\" She told him softly. \"Go back to sleep.\" Sorry it's so short, but happy Halloween! What do you think? I hope to have the next chapter up soon, but I had lost it so I am starting over. I was almost finished to…..stupid virus. Any who Please review! I love you guys Happy Halloween![Chapter 30] i LIIIIIIIIIIVE I am alive and writting! Sorry this is so short. I haven't updated in a while. Mostly because of writters block. So i figured this has gone on long enough. Time to wrap something up. *claps hnds together* let's get to it, shall we? And please for the love of god, PLEASE REVEIW Jack wasn't aware of how long she had been sitting on the couch, staring at the wall across from her. Nor was she aware of what time it was. Or what day it was. Or what month it was. She had been out of the hospital for a few months she guessed, and she almost never left the appartment. Or maybe she never actually did leave it. Jack was still pale and frail. She had spent most of her time sleeping and she could only keep down a little bit of food, if she was ever hungry which was rare. She was a mess, disheveled, hair a rat's nest. She doesn't remember the last time she bathed, and the idea of water in the tub terrified her. The sloshing water, the sensation of water covering her sent her into a panic. There was water all the time. Everyday, maybe more than once. Each time her head was shoved under, she thought it was her last breath of air. Everyday was her last. Everyday, water. There was always water. She could still hear it slapping against the sides of the bucket. Her hair was soaked, she couldn't breathe. She started to cough, was she under water? She could feel it dripping down her face and she could see the dark grey stones of the wall. Her knees were on the stone floor, hard, cold, unforgiving. She started coughing and crying. SHe was back, she never made it home did she? It was all in her head. She was still there. She was still trapped. Jack started sobbing hysterically, she should have known. Her breathing quickened, and she felt light headed. She could feel their hands on her arms, holding her tightly in their unforgiving grips, to force her under water. They shook her. \"Tell me!\" He ordered. \"Tell me, damn it!\" HE shouted. \"No!\" SHe sobbed and cried out. \"No! Let me go!\" Jack fought against the hands holding her weakly. Why did she even bother. \"Jack, tell me, please!\" He begged her. He gently shook her again, trying to get her attention. SHe was sobbing and struggling. She tried to stand and push him away but he held her close instead. \"Jack, please. Tell me what's wrong, baby.\" DOn begged. He stroked her hair. \"No more water, please no more water.\" sHe cried into his chest and he sighed. Don held her close until she calmed down. Thank God she didn't hyperventilate this time. Jack lay in bed, late at night, staring at the wall. She was so tired but couldn't sleep. She was convinced she looked like she had black eyes because of her bags under her eyes. It was like this everyday it seemed. Was she actually home? Or was she still stuck in Germany? SOme days she didn't know. It was never ending. She was never going to get better. Don, his arm around her, had been doing all he could. He was still working full time and making sure she was getting the care she needed. He was careful with her, patient with her. He deserved better than her. The morning came and DOn woke up, kissed her head and got ready for work. Jack just lay there like every other morning. SOme days, she stayed there. He was about to leave but stopped back in and gave her a kiss on her forehead. \"I'm going to work.\" He told her quietly. Her eyes flicked to his. \"There is breakfast on the table if you get hungry.\" She nodded. He rested a hand on her face. \"I love you.\" He whispered to her. Jack closed her eyes and held his hand. She must have fallen asleep because when she opened her eyes, he was gone and she wasn't in her bed anymore. She was on the stone floor and there was a big fat rat on her hand. She screamed and sat up. SHe looked around frantically. Her back stung to hell and she started crying again. She was in hell. She must have been in hell. She shuffled backwards and was startled when she fell onto something soft. SHe felt it with her hands. It was carpet. She lay there on the floor, sobbing. How long had this been happening to her? GOd, why is this still happening? What was real? She couldn't take it anymore! She couldn't handle it. There was no way out. On one hand, she could still be in Germany, wasting away. On the other, she was wasting away and taking DOn down with her. She couldn't do that to him. SHe loved him so much. He should have someone better for him. A new resolve pushed her up off the floor. She shuffled around the bed. SHe would free him. She would escape this cycle. It needed to stop. She was going to stop it. She opened the drawer. Her hand closed around something cold and familiar. She wouldn't make the same mistake twice. Jack made sure to load it. Slowly, bullet by bullet, until it was full. She looked at it for a minute, crying. She calmed herself down and breathed. This was it. No more of this. She closed her eyes and she could feel the cold metal of the gun in her mouth. No more. Jack breathed in deep, it was her last so she took it slow. \"Jack?\" A man's voice almost shouted in shock. It startled Jack and she jerked, ripping the gun from her mouth and looking to her husband with wide, fearful eyes. She looked back at the gun. What was she doing? She chastized herself with the thought. Don put his breif case down slowly. \"Jack, please put the gun down, baby.\" he told her gently and moved towards her slowly, hand outstretched. Jack tossed the gun on the floor, fresh tears in her eyes. \"I'm sorry!\" She shouted. \"I'm so sorry!\" She sobbed. Don had reached her and picked up the gun. He emptied the chamber and dropped the gun again. He dropped in front of her and grabbed her arms. Her face was burried in her hands. \"Jack, why?\" He asked. Jack looked at him, startled to see tears in his own eyes. How could she have thought this was the answer? \"I'm so scared, Don.\" She sobbed. \"I didn't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Half the time I don't know if I'm here with you or if im back in that hell hole in Germany.\" She rubbed her face. \"I'm so sorry, Don.\" She sobbed and tried to breathe. \"Can you forgive me? I'm so sorry. I just cant keep doing this, DOn. Im tired. I'm just so tired.\" His hands rested on the sides of her face. \"Will you ever forgive me?\" SHe asked quietly, hopeful. \"Jack, I love you.\" He told her. \"You are my wife. Whatever problems we face we'll face together. Of course I forgive you, there isn't anythign to forgive.\" He told her and wiped some of the tears. \"You are the most important thing in the world to me, baby. I can't stand seeing you this way. I want to help you, but you gotta let me. Don't hide this from me. Let me in again. Please, Jack, I'm begging you. Can you try?\" Jack sniffed and nodded. And then, her lips twitched upwards in what was now an unfamiliar way. Don smiled gently at her. \"I love you.\" She told him as she slipped off the bed and wrapped her arms around him, hugging him. For the first time in months, she felt the warmth of his body, it actually registered. Something else entered her mind. Hope. Hope that everything was going to be ok. It was late that evening. At Jack's request, he drew her a bath. It took her a good fifteen minutes to get into the tub, and even then she had to be holding onto Don tightly, lest she slip back to GErmany. Now, she rested in the warm water. She still could not put her head under water. Her eyes were closed and Don watched her breathing. The picture of her with the gun in her mouth terrified him and shook him to his core. If he had been just a minute late, she wouldn't be here with him. He wasn't going to leave her on her own for a while. Luckily, i was friday, so he had all weekend, but after that, he would probably have to get her out of the partment, or maybe Betty could visit her for a bit instead. Either way, Jack wasn't going to be left alone. \"How was work?\" Jack asked quietly, trying to make conversation. Don squeezed her hand gently. \"Same as usual.\" DOn told her. \"Boring as always.\" \"With our lives, boring is probably better.\" She told him with a ghost of a smile. It took DOn a second to realize she had made a joke and grinned. He let out a small laugh of releif. He hadn't heard her joke in what seemed to be ages. He nodded. \"Yeah. Definately better.\" He agreed with her. \"So we're agreed.\" She stated. \"Coon ass is no longer allowed to visit.\" She stated and Don snorted. Jack looked at him and smiled softly. \"I've missed you.\" He told her quietly after he calmed down. \"I've missed you so much.\" THey looked at each other lovingly but the mood was ruined when Jack's stomach grumbled. She hadn't eaten all day. Did she even eat yesterday? Don chuckled and kissed her hand. \"Let's get you out before you prune and gt you some food. Do you want anythign specific?\" \"Honestly, I would very much enjoy a cake.\"[Chapter 31] That Monday, Jack donned a greed dress, did her makeup and hair, and sat in the kitchen window, reading, while waiting for a cake to finish baking. When don came home, he had to stop and stare at her. Though she was still worryingly thin, she had color to her face, life to her eyes. She turned and smiled at him, a genuine smile. That Tuesday, Jack wore a blue dress and white headband and decided to visit Norman. She hadn't seen him in a long while and he had finished classes for the day. Jack and Norman went to lunch and walked around the national mall. Jack didn't eat much, but she loved the feel of the sunlight on her skin. Wednesday, Jack cleaned the apartment and made Don dinner. When he came home, the place smelled wonderful and she was singing along to a record. Don startled her, and it took her a few minutes to recover, but she did recover. With the spring air, the winow in the kitchen and their bedroom were open. Jack fell asleep with her head on Don's chest rather than with her back to him. Thursday, Jack was washing dishes, but the slosh of the water in the sink sent her back to Germany. Don found her in hysterics on the floor in the kitchen She had cried and screamed and Don held her until she tired herself out. Friday, Jack sat in the sunny living room, wrapped in a blanket, smoking. She would sleep and read. Her sleep was haunted by nightmares. She wasn't back on her feet until Sunday, and Don had to almost drag her outside. After a small while of walking out in the sunlight (and an icecream) Jack began to smile a bit, and the light in her eyes was fighting to get through. Jack went through a cycle of recovery and nightmares, but as weeks went by, the nightmares started to lessen and she began being more active, more social. She got her job back at the library and went out with her new friends. They would do brunch every once in a while. She was almost back up to her regular weight and she was back to cooking. She visited Norman and Betty regularly and summer began to roll in. She started taking the phone calls from the boys more often as well. Through the colder months, she couldn't bring herself to hear their voices, shame and exhaustion keeping her from the phone. They spoke of visiting soon and she picked up writing to Rene again. She was getting back into a routine. Don would come home or pick her up, one or both of them would make dinner, they would relax and read or listen to the radio. Don would hold her close and look at her with such love and she would find herself being very thankful she hung in there for a little longer. She could handle water better, but she could not submerge her face. On the days where she flashed back, sometimes she could ground herself quickly. Other days, she would just sit, exhausted, but be up and about again relavtively quickly, not with as much energy as before, but it was an improvement. It was late May and the two lay in bed with the windows open, welcoming the cool breeze that moved the thick humid air of Virginia. Jack lay next to Don, dozing, not able to fall asleep as she slept most of the day, just being lazy. It was too hot to be productive. She rolled over and faced the window, watching as the thin curtains waved in the breeze. It had started to rain a while ago and rain beat the fire escape. The wind wasn't blowing the rain in, so Jack left the window open. She heard the thunder roll towards them and it vaguely reminded her of her time in the tank. It rolled closer and grew louder. Lightning flashed and she could see the light from it. Jack was dozing off to sleep, and just about ot fall asleep when she felt something in her bed shift violently. She rolled over, frowning, and saw Don sitting upright in the bed, panting. \"Don?\" She asked and sat up immediately, worried about her husband. He looked dazed and confused. She put a hand on his arm. \"Don, you alright?\" He looked at her and raised a hand to rest on her face. He sighed and relief took over his face. \"You're alive.\" He breathed. Jack's face softened and she pulled him to her and lay them both down. He lay ontop of her with his head on her chest, listening to her heart, to her breath. Jack ran her hands through his hair, trying to relax him. He would tense at the louder claps of thunder, probably about to jump up and start giving orders. He had done that a few times in his sleep, especially when they first came home. He would sit up and start shouting orders to get under cover. One night Jack had actually rolled off the bed, barely awake, and tried to duck for cover. Jack snorted a bit at the memory. Don hummed, asking her what she was laughing at. She shook her head. \"Just a memory.\" She told him. \"Remember that one night you started shouting, telling people to duck for cover, but we were just here?\" He snorted. They lay there in silence, listening to the storm. After about an hour it started to fade away, and Jack knew the storm was almost over. Don still lay on her chest and she kept a hand in his hair. Both dozed off like that, waking a few hours later, hungry. It was still humid, but it was a bit cooler that morning. Two cigarettes burned in the ashtray at their small table as sun shone in the room. A mug filled with warm coffee sat in Jack's hands. The smell of bacon filled the room as the grease crackled and popped in the pan. It was a quiet, calm morning. Jack flipped the paper of the magazine to finish reading the article she was reading. Don was whistling something as he cooked the bacon. The toaster popped up two pieces of toast. It was a good Sunday morning. A knock at the door startled Jack. She glanced at her husband who glanced back at her briefly before making his way to the door. Jack sat still, staying in her seat. They weren't expecting anyone were they? What if it was those men again? She sat tense, ready to run to the bedroom for the gun. She wouldn't let them take her again. She heard the door open and shut as what sounded like several people entered. They filed down the hall and a loud voice boomed through the apartment. She knew that voice. Jack sat frozen in her seat, eyes wide as they came to the end of the hall. Jack didn't have time to scream or protest as she was lifted out of her seat and thrown over his shoulder. \"Bet you thought you'd be rid o' us!\" Grady shouted as he spun with her over her shoulder. Jack laughed and grabbed onto the back of his shirt. \"Grady!\" She shouted, laughing and he dropped her, only to have her wrapped in another man's arms, pressing her close to his chest. She laughed and tried to wiggle out. He just squeezed tighter. \"Gordo, you wanna break my neck?\" She teased and swatted at him. He laughed and released her. She leaned around him and saw Boyd standing there with his wife and a small bundle in her hands. Boyd met her with open arms and hugged her. \"Is that what I think it is?\" She whispered, indicating the tiny baby. Boyd laughed and Dolores nodded. Jack's smiled lit up the room. \"How is she still asleep with Coon-ass screaming?\" She cooed as she neared and looked at the tiny babe. She had rosy cheeks and the cutest nose. \"She's so precious, oh Boyd you must be so proud.\" \"She looks sweet,\" Boyd told her and rested a hand on her shoulder, \"but t two in the morning, she's a little demon.\" Jack laughed. \"Is Norman here, yet?\" Gordo asked Don as he sipped Jack's coffee loudly. Don hummed nope as he sat down, smoking his cigarette. \"What's everyone here for?\" Jack asked, looking at Don, confused. He looked at her with a smirk and picked up his newspaper. She put her hands on her hips and stared at him. \"Don?\" Sorry it's so short, but I needed to get something up. And I needed to let you guys know I am starting a new story. It's a Fury story. It's called Valkyrie. Go check it out![Chapter 32] The train rocked as it flew down the tracks. Renee rested her head on the window and watched as the landscape rushed past. She wrung her hands together, finding herself nervous. She didn't know why she was so nervous, but she suspected it had something to do with the man picking her up. Grady had called her about a month ago telling her about the trip he and his friends were planning. He had invited her to go with them if she could get off work and had agreed to go to the lake house with them. HE had offered to pick her up from the train station, and she agreed. She had been out of town for a while and was returning around the time of the trip. They thought it easier to just have her take a train to Tennessee. Grady stood at the train station and watched the large locomotive roll into the station. He rubbed his sweaty hands on his khaki slacks and watched as people got off the train. He was looking for Renee, hoping he was at the right landing. She was coming right? Grady didn't know why he was so worried, because when he caught a glimpse of her smiling as she climbed off the train, all his fears went away. He watched her look around until her gaze fell on him. Grady waved at her as he started walking over. Renee grinned brightly and ran over to him. Grady picked her up in a hug and spun her around before putting her on the ground and kissing her. She smiled and kissed him back. It was good to see him again. \"How was your trip?\" He had asked her. She smiled up at him. \"It was fine.\" She answered. \"Vermont is beautiful this time of year.\"* Grady snorted at her. \"Yeah, so is Tennessee.\" HE commented. \"Why do you think I'm here?\" She asked and looked up at him, mischief shining in her eyes. \"You didn't think I sat on a train for ages just to see you, do you?\" She teased. Grady laughed to himself and picked up her suitcase. \"Let's get to the cabin.\" HE told her. \"Jack's probably pitching a fit.\" \"What would she be upset about?\" Renee asked, concerned. \"Who knows with that one.\" Grady laughed. \"She's a crazy broad, she'll find something to be pissed about.\" \"Is Norman there?\" Renee asked, excited to see her brother again. \"Yeah, we picked him up before we drove here.\" Grady told her, then grinned as they walked out of the train station. \"He still aint happy we been seeing each other.\" Renee laughed. \"I'm not surprised.\" She told him. \"Mother almost had a heart attack when I told her.\" \"I'm not that bad.\" Grady teased, knowing full well he was. \"Besides, I'll make an honest woman of ya.\" He stated and smacked her ass. Renee blushed and yelped, whipping around to face Grady. \"Grady!\" She shouted and smacked his arm as he laughed. \"You thug!\" She accused with a smile. He just laughed harder and stepped out of the way, evading her swatting hands. \"Don't hit me, I'll leave you here.\" He told her with a grin still on his face. Renee huffed and crossed her arms. \"Grady Travis, you are a scoundrel.\" She scolded and tried to fight the smile creeping on her face. Grady just shrugged and kept walking. \"You knew what you were getting yourself into, doll.\" He told her with a shrug. He couldn't wipe the stupid grin off his face, and quite frankly, neither could Renee. She had missed his teasing, she had missed him. They had spent a lot of time together, them living in the same town made it easy, much to Norman's dismay. Grady loaded her trunk into the car and opened the door for her. He climbed in as well and they drove off to the lake house. Renee leaned against him, smiling softly to herself. Dolores and Jack sat on the small lawn chairs, Jack holding the small baby. Little Judy slept soundly in her arms as the two women spoke. Norman was being drowned by Gordo as Boyd and Don sat on the dock, drinking beers. \"So she's not a good sleeper?\" Jack asked. \"Not at night.\" Dolores told her. \"She'll sleep through a hurricane during the day, but if you sneeze at night, she screams your ear off.\" Jack laughed at that and pressed her nose to Judy's. \"Are you a little monster?\" SHe asked in a baby voice. \"Yes you are, yes you are.\" She cooed. Dolores smiled and shook her head. \"What time was Renee's train getting in?\" Dolores looked at her watch. \"ABout an hour ago.\" She told her. \"THey should be here by now, or at the very least in a few minutes.\" \"Maybe the train was late.\" Jack suggested and Dolores shrugged. \"How have you been, Jack?\" She asked. Jack just shrugged and Dolores noticed she wouldn't look her in the eyes. \"Jack? What's been going on?\" Dolores asked. \"I know we haven't spoken too much, but I want to help, if you'll let me.\" She said and put a hand on jack's knee. Jack smiled sadly and looked up at her, tears starting to well. \"I don't think you can.\" She admitted in a whisper. \"Let me try.\" DOlores almost begged. \"You are a friend, and you are a close friend of Boyd, and a close friend of all the others. Jack, we are worried about you. Let us help.\" \"I'm just, I'm just stuck, Dolores.\" She admitted, her shoulder sagging. Jack sniffed. \"Some days, I'm fine, I don't even think about what's happened. Then there are some days... It's like I haven't even come home.\" Dolores looked at her. \"And then there are days where I can't help but sit there waiting for them to barge through the door again and drag me away.\" \"Jack, it's not something you're going to forget, but maybe you can put it behind you.\" She suggested as she gave Jack's knee a squeeze. Jack put a hand on hers and smiled, silently thanking her for listening. \"I don't know how.\" She told dolores. \"I'm stuck, Dolores. I'm so afraid of doing anything. WHat if they take me away again?\" Dolores looked at her small friend with sympathy and grabbed her hand. \"THen I believe you will do what you always do, Jack.\" Dolores told her and Jack looked at her in the eyes, confused. \"You fight, you fight your hardest until you come back to us.\" \"I'm so tired of fighting.\" Jack admitted quietly and Dolores gave her hand a squeeze. \"Then if they come back for you, let us fight for you.\" SHe suggested. \"God knows you've done enough fighting for all of them.\" SHe teased, gettign a grin out of Jack. THe two sat in silence for a small while before DOlores spoke again. \"SO, when are you and Don going to think about children?\" \"I can't have children.\" JAck told her. \"THere is always adoption.\" Dolores told her and Jack shrugged. \"I haven't even tried to talk to him about it.\" Jack admitted with a nervous laugh. \"What if he doesn't want any?\" Dolores looked at her, unconvinced. \"Jack, ever since we've gotten here, Don's spent more time with the baby than you have.\" She told her. Jack laughed. It was true, ever since they had arrived, Don had been holding the baby, bouncing her, making faces, everything. It was actually really cute. \"I guess I'll have to start talking to him about it.\" Jack answered with a nervous smile. \"You'll have to ask who about what?\" GRady asked from the doorway. Jack turned and smiled up at him. \"Mind your own business, Coon-ass.\" Jack told him. \"Where's Renee?\" GRady pointed a thumb behind him. \"SHe's unpacking, should be out in a minute.\" \"How are you two doing, Grady?\" Jack asked as she patted the seat next to her, encouraging him to sit down. He shrugged and sat. \"Not bad. Haven't seen her much lately.\" He told Jack. \"SHe was outta town for a while.\" \"You gonna mary her?\" Jack asked with a sly grin. GRady met her mischievous look. \"Already looking for the ring.\" ","Summary":" Hell Hath None-Fury Sorry if it is a bit chopy in the beginning. It's going to get better i promise"}]